===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Tina and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Richard Gu, Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Richard Gu : Thank you, Operator. I would like to welcome everyone to our first quarter of 2025 earnings conference call. I'm joined today by Anirudh Devgan, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on our website, cadence.com. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements, including our outlook on future business and operating results. Due to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today's discussion. For information on factors that could cause actual results to differ. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, CFO commentary, and today's earnings release. All forward-looking statements during this call are based on estimates and information available to us as of today, and we disclaim any obligation to update them. In addition, all financial measures discussed on this call are non-GAAP unless otherwise specified. The non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for GAAP results. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. For the Q&A session today, we would ask that you observe a limit of one question only. If time permits, you can re-queue with additional questions. Now I'll turn the call over to Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan : Thank you, Richard. Good afternoon everyone. And thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Cadence delivered excellent results for the first quarter of 2025. There is robust ongoing customer demand for innovative technologies. We exceeded our guidance on all key financial metrics, achieving 23% year-over-year revenue growth and 34% increase in non-GAAP EPS. Given this outperformance and the continued strength of our business, we are raising our financial outlook for the year. John will provide more details in a moment. Before diving in, I would like to share my perspective on the prevailing macroeconomic uncertainty. Semiconductors remain foundational to realizing transformative technologies such as hyperscale computing, 5G, and autonomous systems, all fueled by the AI megatrend. We haven't seen any shifts in customer behavior at this time, as they continue investing in their next-generation designs, recognizing that today's R&D efforts are critical to deliver the groundbreaking products of tomorrow. Additionally, our ratable software business model, strong Q1 exit backlog, and a predominantly recurring revenue mix provide resilience and excellent visibility. Customers are increasingly relying on our product. As we execute our intelligent system design strategy and expand our differentiated end-to-end portfolio to serve a growing and diversified customer base. As the fast evolving AI landscape expands the market opportunities and reshapes the entire chip and system development process, our Cadence.AI portfolio delivers unparalleled PPA, productivity, and time-to-market benefits. At GDC, we announced an expanded partnership with NVIDIA on their latest Grace Blackwell architecture. In addition to enabling up to an 80x acceleration of Cadence Solvers, we are collaborating on developing a full stack agentic AI solution for engineering and science, using the new Llama Nemotron Reasoning Model. We are also one of the first adopters of NVIDIA Omniverse Blueprint for AI Factory Digital Twins, advancing data center design and operational efficiency. In Q1, we expanded our footprint at several top-tier customers and furthered our relationship with key ecosystem partners. Last quarter, we announced a collaboration with Rapidus on 2-nanometer IP development. And this quarter, we are pleased to share that Rapidus has made a wide-ranging commitment to our core EDA software portfolio across digital, custom analog and verification solutions. In Q1, we deepened our partnership with Socionext through a broad expansion of our EDA software, particularly AI-driven digital solutions along with our system software. We furthered our partnership with the [marquee] (ph) hyperscaler through a broad proliferation of our digital and verification software, particularly our AI-driven Cadence Cerebrus and Verisium solutions. We expanded our collaboration with Intel Foundry by officially joining the Intel Foundry Accelerator Design Services Alliance. From systems on chip to advanced IP for AI and HPC applications. Cadence's inclusion in the Alliance helps Intel Foundry customers remain at the forefront of innovation. Now let's talk about key product highlights for Q1. Our IP business grew 40% year-over-year in Q1. As we continue to benefit from the strong market opportunities offered by AI, chiplet-based architectures, and the foundry ecosystem build out. We secured a major expansion at a global marquee system company for our AI, HPC design IP and deepened our partnership with a major foundry through their commitment to our memory and interface IP. Following our pending acquisition of Secure-IC last quarter, we continued to build out our design IP portfolio. And earlier this month, we entered into a definite agreement to acquire Arm's Artisan foundation IP business. A Tensilica DSP is the de facto choice for automotive ADAS and infotainment systems and continued being widely integrated into vision, radar, lidar, and audio systems for the autonomous driving, as well as emerging robotics use cases. Our core EDA revenue grew 16% year-over-year in Q1, with further proliferation of our digital full flow at the most advanced nodes. Cadence Cerebrus AI solution continued its strong momentum with nearly 50 new logos in Q1 and well over a 1,000 tapeouts till date. Engineering Change Orders or ECOs are critical part of any design process. AI is particularly suitable to dramatically improve ECOs. Using the new Cadence Conformal AI ECO Flows, MediaTek saw early positive results, generating 83% smaller ECO patches in nearly half the runtime. MediaTek also improved runtime and memory by 100 times, through its deployment of conformal AI low power. Our collection of new smart ECO technologies has spread up Renesas automated functional ECO run times by more than 50%, while improving quality. Our flagship Virtuoso platform, the industry's gold standard for advanced node custom analog and mixed signal design, continue to expand into new areas, such as photonics and circuit and yield optimization. Ever increasing complexities in system verification and software bring up continue to drive secular demand for market leading Palladium Z3 and Protium X3 platforms. Demand for hardware was broad-based with particular strength driven by AI, HPC, and hyperscaler customers. Our hardware products continue to proliferate at existing customers, especially top hyperscalers, while gaining notable competitive wins, including a market-shaping semiconductor company. Our verification software suite that includes Verisium, Xcelium, and Jasper, leverages big data and AI to optimize verification workloads and saw continued expansion across aerospace and defense, electronics, and automotive segments. Our system design and analysis business delivered more than 50% year-over-year revenue growth in Q1. As our AI-driven optimization solutions integrated with our physics-based simulation platforms continue to deliver superior results across multiple end markets. Our Digital Twin Reality Data Center product gained momentum, signing multiple deals with large hyperscalers and cloud service providers in Q1. BETA CAE delivered a strong quarter and is opening up tremendous opportunities for us in the automotive vertical. Allegro X's omniverse integration was highlighted at GTC with photorealistic 3D views of a full multi-board system designed in Allegro X. Our AI-driven substrate router, the industry's premier solution for full package routing of complex 3D IC designs, saw strong customer interest and engagement during the early adopter program. In summary, I'm pleased with our Q1 results and the continued momentum of our business. The growing complexity of chip and system design, coupled with the transformative potential of AI-driven automation, creates significant opportunities for our products to enable and empower our customers. In addition to our strong business results, I'm proud of our high-performance inclusive culture and thrilled that Cadence was recently named by Fortune and Great Place to Work, yet again as one of the 100 best companies to work for. Ranking #11. Now I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q1 results and our updated 2025 outlook.
John Wall : Thanks Anirudh and good afternoon everyone. I'm pleased to report that Cadence delivered excellent results for the first quarter of 2025 with broad-based strength across all of our businesses. Robust design activity and customer demand drove 23% year-over-year revenue growth and 42% non-GAAP operating margin for Q1. We are tracking ahead of our original forecast for 2025. We repurchased more Cadence shares than initially planned in Q1, which reduced our share count. Here are some of the financial highlights from the first quarter starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $1.242 billion. GAAP operating margin was 29.1%, and non-GAAP operating margin was 41.7%. And GAAP EPS was $1 with non-GAAP EPS $1.57. Next turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Cash balance at quarter end was $2,778 million, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $2,500 million. Operating cash flow was $487 million. DSOs were forty four days and we used $350 million to repurchase Cadence shares. Before I provide our updated outlook, I'd like to share the assumption that is embedded. It contains the usual assumption that export control regulations that exist today remain substantially similar for the remainder of the year. Our updated outlook for 2025 is revenue in the range of $5.15 billion to $5.23 billion. GAAP operating margin in the range of 30.25% to 31.25%, non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 43.25% to 44.25%. GAAP EPS in the range of $4.21 to $4.31 non-GAAP EPS in the range of $6.73 to $6.83, operating cash flow in the range of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, and we expect to use at least 50% of our annual free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares. With that in mind, for Q2, we expect revenue in the range of $1,250 million to $1,270 million. GAAP operating margin in the range of 27.5% to 28.5% non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 41.5% to 42.5% GAAP EPS in the range of $0.89 to $0.95 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.55 to $1.61. And as usual, we published a CFO commentary document on our Investor Relations website, which includes our outlook for additional items as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, Cadence is off to a strong start to the year. We are raising our 2025 revenue and EPS outlook. Our technology platform is essential to customers' R&D investment and our resilient software model positions us well in navigating today's dynamic macro environment. I'd like to close by thanking our customers, partners and our employees for their continued support. And with that operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Good to see the strong mid-teens percentage year over year growth in the core EDA business. On your China business in particular, the team did continue to see year-over-year growth acceleration, right, to plus 13% in the March versus 10%, back in the December. On top of this, you know, tariff, trade, regulatory dynamics are, I think driving more focus on domestic China chip design programs, especially in AI. Like we've heard, for example, ByteDance engaging on new custom AI chip programs. We've heard Alibaba as well in automotive, there continues to be more domestic China design programs firing both analog, power management and digital. So is this domestic focus and design activity, a potential tailwind for your China business? Are you getting more optimistic on a growth profile for your China business this year versus the team's prior view of flattish?
Anirudh Devgan : Hi, Harlan, great question. So first, I would like to say I'm pretty pleased by our performance in Q1. And the strength is coming in all the various product groups and also all the various geographies, like you mentioned. And the reason is even in this kind of dynamic macro environment, the customers are investing for the future and these R&D investment takes months to years. And as you know, we are tied to the design activity, which is strong. Now in China or actually in multiple countries, the AI development is taking multiple cycles. I mean not just -- as you know, not just the development of data centers, but I've said for a while now that also the development of physical AI systems which is autos and robots and drones. And China is particularly strong in that as well. So overall, I think we are pleased with the silicon and system development driven for AI. I'm pleased with the performance of the China business and the start of the year, but we are still prudent assuming China flat for the whole year. John, do you want to comment on that?
John Wall : No, I think that's the important point that design activity remains strong in China, but we are continuing to be prudent with the guide for the year and continue to assume that China revenue is flat year-over-year at the midpoint of that guidance.
Harlan Sur: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from Lee Simpson with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Lee Simpson : Great. Thanks for putting me and great quarter to everyone. Thanks. I mean, as we all know, your main offering is a software and services product, which may not have the same risk from reciprocal tariffing regimes that other parts of semiconductor ecosystem does. And I think if you look at your hardware chip, it's an ASIC fab TSMC. So I guess one assumes this is only a limited exposure to tariffing into China. I guess what I'm asking more generally is, can you confirm if at all, at this point, where you think you do have any exposure to the tariffing regime announced by the U.S. government, at least as you currently understand things? Thanks.
Anirudh Devgan : Yes. So with respect to tariffs, I mean, there are 2 parts to it, like, one is the customer behavior, which I mentioned, we don't see any change at this time. The second is in our own products, and like you said correctly, software and services are not subject to tariffs. Now in terms of our hardware business, just to remind everyone, we do have multiple manufacturing lines in U.S. and outside U.S. And this was something we did as part of COVID a few years ago. So that's paying off well. So at this point, we don't believe that given our diversified supply chain, the tariffs will have effect on our hardware business as well, okay? Now on the other hand, we continue to monitor the situation. It is a dynamic situation. But I feel that we are more resilient for multiple reasons. One is that we are tied to the design cycle, we don't see that much change. Second is we are very diversified, both in terms of products and geographies. And third, we have our business model, it is a ratable business model. So even in these uncertain times, we feel that we have enough confidence and visibility to raise our outlook for 2025.
Lee Simpson : That great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
John Wall : Yes, Gary, you might be on mute.
Gary Mobley : Yes. Sorry, guys. Thanks for taking my question. This question might be more for Anirudh. And the question is, is more and more tools that you sell like simulation, synthesis, place and route, et cetera, run on generation-based compute and running GPU-based servers. How does this impact your licensing model? And more specifically, how does it potentially affect your annual contract value?
Anirudh Devgan : Okay. That's a good question. I think you mean that as we enrich our hardware -- the hardware that our software runs on, how does it affect our business model. So actually, first of all, I've talked about this three-layer cake for a while, right, which is the bottom layer of the cake being accelerate compute. So in the old days, we used to run on CPUs, mostly x86 CPUs. But now we run on all kind of CPUs, including ARM, and then GPUs, especially with our collaboration very strong collaboration with NVIDIA. And then for hardware, we have our own kind of Boolean processor because GPUs are excellent for numerical calculation, like circuit simulation or CFD or electromagnetics, but for [0-1] (ph) kind of Boolean calculation, we make a special chip in palladium, right, which is a bullion supercomputer. So as a reason we have a very rich kind of set of offerings on the hardware side, now on the -- how we go to market, we maintain our previous model in which you can subscribe to our -- like the traditional licensing model which is typically early license over a 3-year term. But also, we are offering more and more cloud solutions, okay? And there is an uptick in cloud offering. Now sometimes the cloud could be on public clouds. So then access to CPUs, just like AWS has ARM CPUs and other cloud vendors and also GPUs. But we also have our own cloud offering through outsourced data centers, which are actually seeing good availability. So in our own Cadence, all the cloud, we also are packaging hardware and software together. A good example is Millennium. Just like we do with Palladium for our own chips. So I think this is a new kind of a business model to see how the customers will react. So we have the existing business model of software only, and then there is cloud SaaS model, especially as the hardware gets more rich in its offering.
Gary Mobley : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya : [Technical Difficulty] tools. And Anirudh I wanted to check what is Cadence's share gain opportunity because when I look at your main peer, they have double-digit sales exposure at Intel. And I'm curious, what is Cadence's exposure how soon can we start to see any potential share gains? Because these kind of relationships tend to be sticky. Just how large is the opportunity? And how soon can it start to show up tangibly for Cadence? Thank you.
Anirudh Devgan : Hi, Vivek. Great question. I think your question is on Intel because I missed the beginning part of the question. But first of all, I'm very pleased by Lip-Bu's appointment as CEO of Intel. And for Cadence, you know for a while, I think our Intel has been a -- I would say, a weak spot, relatively speaking, for Cadence. And this goes back 10, 15 years, it's a new issue. And then the other thing has been our investment in IP. So in general, I'm pleased with the -- so both of these 2 areas has been the main kind of areas to improve for Cadence IP and Intel. So IP, I think I'm pleased to see improvement last year and also in Q1, and I feel good about our IP business in general. And on Intel, I mean, this is a great opportunity as they have to, of course, reformulate their strategy and how they work with their ecosystem partners, and we look forward to engaging with Intel in a lot more detail. And those discussions have already started, and we'll keep you updated as they progress.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gianmarco Conti with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Gianmarco Conti : Yes. Thank you. Congratulations on another great quarter. I guess, could you perhaps shed some detail into your hardware deliveries this quarter and whether you're seeing the demand for the third generation in-line with what was expected, especially in customers except in the higher pricing in this environment. And also, I know that you've briefly mentioned about it not having any impact from tariffs. But could you share a few words on your Mexico plans where you assemble your hardware and whether that could be a potential issue from a capacity production standpoint were the tariffs being enacted on that front? Thank you.
John Wall : Gianmarco, great questions. The -- generally, our hardware revenue is limited by our production capacity because demand continues to outstrip our ability to supply the hardware products. And as Anirudh mentioned earlier, we have a very resilient and agile supply chain capability, and that lessens the direct impact of tariffs. We produce and build hardware for the U.S. market in the U.S. and for the international market outside the U.S. So that gives us kind of an optimized setup for hardware. So we're not seeing any real direct impact of tariffs in our numbers right now.
Gianmarco Conti : Amazing. Thank you.
A – Anirudh Devgan : Also just to emphasize, we have multiple lines, right, not just the one you mentioned, so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Thank you. Good evening. Anirudh, what would you say are the two or three most important technical or product enhancement deliverables this year that may have already occurred or yet to occur this year, even if not with an immediate impact on revenue, but in terms of enhancing your overall technical capabilities or positioning? And then related to that, maybe you could talk about some of the investments you are making in some critical technology areas that may not get a lot of attention, one being, for example, physical verification -- your physical verification, maybe the next-generation silicon for hardware, Gen 4? And then lastly, maybe talk about some of the incremental investments you are making in your acquired simulation solver products.
Anirudh Devgan : Jay, that's a great question. And it is a multipart answer. But just to highlight a few key things. I mean, first of all, before I get into specifics, I mean you know this, but just to emphasize, we have a massive investment in R&D, right? I mean like 35% to 40% of our revenue is going to R&D. So at a given point, we always have a lot of exciting projects that are ongoing. Now in terms of a few themes that are critical, so of course, AI is supercritical and applying AI to the chip and system design process, I think we are seeing a lot of very good results. Actually, one thing on something like Cerebrus or AI-driven design tools. At this point, we expect that the majority of -- more than 50% of the designs are now AI-enabled. Our tools are AI-enabled in those designs. And the others, I'm sure, will catch up as well. So -- but AI still has a long ways to go with all these new agentic features, and you will see us talk more about it throughout the year. So that's the number one thing I would like to highlight, and we have these five major platforms and all kinds of new models can be used in those. The second thing, which is also a pretty broad team, which makes sure we always state head is 3D-IC, okay? I mean 3D-IC is a big theme, another theme for next 5, 10 years. And you can see that in Blackwell. But right now, the packages can handle like 3 times reticle size, but they could easily go to 10 times reticle size in the next few years. So there's massive investment in 3D-IC in terms of the tool flow, in terms of analysis of these complex system, thermal and electromagnetic warpage analysis. Of course, IP that is needed for high-speed SerDes and UCI and other things. So 3D IC remains as a critical focus for both our chip business, system business and IP business. And last thing is like, I think Gary asked earlier, is this rich hardware set, this bottom layer of the cake with ARM CPUs, x86 CPUs, Palladium hardware and GPUs. And we'll have some more developments next week at Cadence Live about that part. This hardware software co-optimization, I think is going to be critical for our industry. So those are the 3 things I would highlight as top critical R&D focus area.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay, thanks Anirudh.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino : Great. Thank you. Keeping to this IP topic, I think you planned to acquire Arm's Artisan IP asset. I know this hasn't closed yet. But when we think about the foundational IP market, just curious why hasn't this been a bigger focus in the past and what's changed to make this opportunity more attractive? And then just to clarify with John, this pending acquisition is not included in guidance. Thank you.
John Wall : Yes. So let me take the second part first, Jason, just to clarify that, yes, it is not in our current guide. It's not closed yet. So we haven't put that into the guidance.
Anirudh Devgan : And then, yes, I was actually pleased with this partnership and acquisition. Arm Foundation IP business has a very rich history, as you know, we started with Artisan a long time ago and has very good credibility in the market. And also as our IP position improves with our kind of performance over the last 2 years, we also have to expand our portfolio, and I'm pleased with the performance and PPA of the current portfolio, but we have to fill in the gaps in our portfolio. And that's the reason we for example, acquired Rambus' IP business and then acquired Secure-IC a few months ago. And this is a critical piece. Foundation -- and it is becoming more and more critical versus 5 years, 7 years ago. Foundation IP became a lot more critical, especially in the interaction with the software, with place and route. Also, the there is a massive, as you know, foundry build-out, not just -- there are multiple foundries in multiple countries, and they all require Foundation IP. So that's the other reason I feel that Foundation IP is much more critical now. So it is a combination of Foundation IP being more critical need to broaden our IP portfolio work with our software tools. And this opportunity came along to acquire a leading product in that space because we didn't want to enter the space with not a good product, but ARM's Artisan business has a good history, great product. So we hope to finish that acquisition later in the year and talk to our customers about that.
Jason Celino: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Quatrochi with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe Quatrochi : Yeah, thanks for taking the question. You mentioned that you were developing a full stack Agentic AI solution. I was wondering if you could talk about just the areas of the design workflow you are targeting first with that?
Anirudh Devgan : Great question. I mean it could be applied to almost all the design process. But sums that are super critical in terms of need, of course verification is always critical because verification of course, we have great products with both hardware and software, but you never know when you are done with verifications, it's like an NP-complete problem. And so if you really look at now our SimAI offering, which is -- works with our logic simulator can improve performance by 5 times to 20 times, we have all these several customer endorsement -- public consumer endorsements for applying CMAI to verification. So I think verification to me is a great area for Agentic AI and then implementation is always a good area like things like Cerebrus can be further enhanced, and you will see more and more developments from us digital design and Agentic AI pretty soon. So I would say that's the second area. And then one area that traditionally has not seen that much automation, but is becoming more and more critical is package and PCB design, Allegro, an Allegro X and Allegro X AI. Actually I'm very optimistic that as pack design becomes super critical and package is the critical thing in a 3D-IC system. It is 3D-IC is another name for system in a package. So there is a more need for automation in packaging and automation in PCB design. So I'm actually pretty optimistic that AI can finally provide automation in packaging. And then I would say, analog migration, another big area and analogs like art plus science, but AI can also help in analog. So I think these are the three or four key areas that we will work on. But the scope of Agentic AI is throughout our product spectrum.
Joe Quatrochi: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink : Thank you. This might be an overly simplistic question relative to those before me. But your commentary and guidance strikes me as having greater visibility into strength during the second half of this year than, maybe what's apparent just in our seat when analyzing the size of the 1Q beat or even your quarter-end backlog value. Can you maybe just speak to some of the things that changed for the better in the last 60 to 90 days that make you feel better about the 2025 outlook?
John Wall : Yes, Joe. I will take that one. The -- yes, I mean, we are tracking ahead of our original forecast for 2025 with solid Q1 results. We only gave you the guide a few weeks ago for the year. So not a huge amount has changed. I think we have had a bit more strength in our recurring revenue. And of course, as you know, recurring revenue -- any beat in recurring revenue feeds through the rest of the year. So a small beat in Q1 kind of follows through in Q2, Q3 and Q4. And we were, like I said ahead of the original forecast, even with including building in an expectation that will pick up some slightly higher expenses on the tariff side. But we are still resilient on the tariff side, we felt it was right to raise the price.
Joe Vruwink : Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Tilton with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Joshua Tilton : Hi, guys. Can you hear me?
John Wall : Loud and clear, Josh.
Joshua Tilton : Great. Thank you for sneaking me in. I always love it when the guy before you kind of steals your question. But I guess, just to put a finer point on things, I think Anirudh, you mentioned that the guidance still assumes that China is flat for the year. You guys are being prudent. I guess my question to that is, I understand there was an easier comp in 1Q, but year-to-date, are you guys seeing anything that suggests that China should actually grow flat for the year? Or I guess another way of saying it is, is the decision to keep China flat for the year and the guide prudence or more along the lines of your expectations of how things will shake out by the end of the year? Thanks.
John Wall : Yes, Josh, I'll take that one as well. I think it's more prudent that we thought it's wise to remain prudent in the current macro environment. I think we're very resilient in this environment. I mean, a company with high gross margin and essential products should do well in this type of environment. But the bookings were really solid in Q1. We had stronger bookings than expected. Kind of fed into with more recurring revenue bookings as well. But -- and that fell into us tracking ahead of the original forecast for 2025. So we thought the right thing to do was raise the guides.
Joshua Tilton : Super, helpful guys. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Siti Panigrahi with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Siti Panigrahi : Hi, thanks for taking my question. Anirudh, if you see a lot of news going around, we saw DeepSeek early this year. Wondering how that's impacting the design velocity or even how you see the compute capacity will change. But at the same time also, we are seeing hyperscaler trying to push their data center build out. Are you seeing any kind of impact there? So would love to hear your views on this.
Anirudh Devgan : Yes, Siti, that's a great question. I mean this is a big question. Let me try to -- I mean it's a critical thing for the whole industry. I mean first of all, I mean, when I talk to customers, DeepSeek is one advancement. I mean a lot of customers expect multiple advancements like this. The AI will get more and more efficient as -- and this happened if you look at even EDA's history, right, when AI started off, it was more like dense competition. And if you look at EDA history in the '70s, we started off with dense competition, and then we have Sparse computing. We have partitioning. We have hierarchy and latency, they are all cancer computer science methods that will be applied to AI, okay? So I believe that there will be multiple DeepSeek moments, not just 1 DeepSeek moment. But at the same time, the AI will get more and more prevalent in its use. And this happened in CPUs. I expect same thing to happen with AI and GPUs. So in terms of when we talk to customers. Now first, I have to remind you that we are on the design side, not on the production side. But in terms of design, we only see acceleration of more and more designs to do AI even on the data center side. And of course, NVIDIA is a great partner of ours, and I think NVIDIA is doing exceptionally well, but also a lot of the other hyperscalers, all the 4 or 5 major U.S. hyperscalers and then companies in other countries, are also investing heavily in their own designs, and we are glad to work with them. And then I mentioned before, the physical AI part of it, which is cars, planes and drones, is also there's a lot of design activity. Now even though the car market may not be as strong, but that's for current products, but they are designing for future products, which will be AI-enabled. And then the other thing, as AI gets more efficient, I think there will be more inference use. So there is a lot of design of insurance chips to support that. So right now in terms of design activity, I feel pretty good. And like I was mentioning before, even on the data center side, the 3D-IC is going to cause a massive change in complexity. Right now, we have Blackwell with like two kind of big dies with HPM, but the packaging road map is very aggressive by all foundries. So I think that is also going to drive new and new AI designs with putting more kind of big chips in packages and that should also drive AI performance and efficiency. So right now, we don't see any big change in terms of the design activity for AI.
Siti Panigrahi: Thanks for that color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nay Soe Naing with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Nay Soe Naing : Hi, thank you for taking my question. Minus on your SG&A segment, please. a very impressive quarter in Q1. And I was just trying to understand if you could maybe share where the stat is coming on, especially when we put it against the product market and your peers in the last 3 years, you've been growing at 2 times to 3 times what your competitors have been able to do. So I was wondering if there are any competitive market wins that's driving your performance, if not, what are the reasons, please? And maybe if I could squeeze in a part -- a second part of this question. The solid performance we've had in the past, does it -- any chance at all create any headwinds for you or tough comp for you going forward? Thank you.
John Wall : Thanks for the question. And you're right to raise the comps, because I think one of the benefits for Q1 is that Q1 '24 was a pretty easy comp for us on the SG&A side. When BETA performed well in Q1 '25, but we only acquired that in the middle of the year last year. So I think the first time BETA turned up in our results was Q4. And then BETA is providing a huge amount of pull-through business for Cadence. So Cadence products are being sold alongside BETA products, and that's really helping us for growth. We're expanding reach to the longer tail customers through our e-commerce model. And we've seen strength in automotive and aero and defense. And I don't know, Anirudh, do you want to add anything about BETA?
Anirudh Devgan : BETA is performing great and also it has a pull-through to other parts of our portfolio. One thing we are always confident. And I think you've seen some benchmarks in the industry in the past that our R&D products are solid. They are rewritten. They are -- they have no accuracy loss. They have much better performance because of massive parallelism whether it is on CPUs or GPUs. So we are always confident on our product side, and we continue to innovate there. I think what BETA helps is to increase the reach of those products because they are working with all the auto companies. And so not only we can benefit from performance of beta, but also can sell our other products to those customers. And then we also improved our cloud offering and go-to-market with indirect channel. So I think you are seeing some benefits of that, better go-to-market operation on the system side.
Nay Soe Naing : Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Ruben Roy : Thank you for allowing me to ask question. Anirudh, I had a similar question to Jason's on IP. And you touched on this in your answer to that question. But just wanted to make sure I understood in terms of sort of these, I’d say, accelerated pace of recent tuck-ins on the IP side. It sounds like they are opportunistic rather than customer-driven, wanted to make sure I got that right. And then the second part of the question is just maybe if you can update sort of how you're thinking about IP in terms of longer-term growth from that segment given all that's going on with foundry and customers, et cetera. Thank you.
Anirudh Devgan : Yes. Great question. So I think in terms of IP, there are multiple factors. So one is our performance is better. The portfolio we had, especially the PPA, power performance in the area for TSMC, the most advanced foundry. The IP is just much better quality and performance. So and that's driving customer demand. So the customers want us to want get IP from us and want us to have a bigger portfolio, okay? So as a result, we do, of course, invest organically, and we will do in acquisition if we see a good fit, okay? But it's both a combination of what is available, but the customers are definitely driving us to broaden our portfolio. So that's one. Second thing is there is more and more foundry. So we are glad with our partnership with TSMC, but we highlighted even this time like Rapidus making massive investments. And of course, Samsung and Intel, and we are glad to. So there are at least four major foundries at advanced node along with all the foundries like Global and UMC at more mainstream nodes. So I think the foundry ecosystem is rich and that provides more opportunities in IP. And then the third thing, of course, is AI and 3D-IC and all this die-to-die IT. So for all these three reasons, I'm optimistic. We are performing well. We are increasing our portfolio. The market wants more IP from us. So I expect IP to -- of course, we had a good year last year, we had a very good quarter, Q1. So I expect IP to grow better than Cadence average going forward.
Ruben Roy: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy with Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead.
Blair Abernethy : Thanks for squeezing me in guys. And nice quarter. Anirudh, just wondering if you could give us sort of high-level thoughts on the data center digital twins. You bought future facilities back in July '22, there seems to be getting some traction out there. I just want to see how you feel about the size of the TAM, the size of the opportunity there with that asset and sort of -- are there expansion opportunities beyond data centers?
Anirudh Devgan : Absolutely. The two areas that I have been very excited about, especially on the system side, one is, which is very close to the package, like I mentioned thermal, electromagnetics, warpage because there is a massive transformation right next to the chip. And we are in a very strong position with Allegro and all the analysis tools. The second area is all the way at the data center level. That's why we acquired future facilities. And actually, it had a very strong Q1 and we also have a great partnership with NVIDIA there. NVIDIA is designing their data centers with our Cadence Reality Digital Twin and also working with joint partners, as we go to market with them together on Cadence Reality. And that opportunity is huge. I mean, even we apply it to our own IT group, for example, we have our own data centers, right? So the product is general enough to be used in any data center and we saw like a 10% improvement in power, which is huge. And because typically, that's the area that has not seen a lot of analysis and automation, because it is typically done in like a typical construction kind of work whereas chip design is very analytical mathematical. So that area needs more kind of optimization and simulation. So I am optimistic. And then the way Cadence Reality works, there is a design side of it, in which we help customers design the data center. And then there's the operations side of it, in which we can analyze on the fly, use the Digital Twin to optimize their operation. So if you include both sides, I mean, the opportunity is huge. So -- but we are still kind of prudent in our assumptions like we do in everything, but I'm very optimistic about these two extremes. One is all the way to data center and second is all the way very close to the chip on the package. And that's where you see us investing yes.
Blair Abernethy : Great. Thanks very much for the color.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Anirudh Devgan for closing remarks.
Anirudh Devgan : Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It's an exciting time for Cadence as our broad portfolio and product leadership ideally positions us to maximize the growing opportunities in the semiconductor and system industry. And on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers, partners and investors for your continued trust and confidence in Cadence.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence's first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-18 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. My name is Abby and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Fourth Quarter and Fiscal-Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And I will now turn the call over to Richard Gu, Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Richard Gu: Thank you, operator. I would like to welcome everyone to our fourth quarter of 2024 earnings conference call. I'm joined today by Anirudh Devgan, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on our website, cadence.com. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements, including our outlook on future business and operating results. Due to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today's discussion. For information on factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, CFO commentary and today's earnings release. All forward-looking statements during this call are based on estimates and information available to us as of today, and we disclaim any obligation to update them. In addition, all financial measures discussed on this call are non-GAAP unless otherwise specified. The non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for GAAP results. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. For the Q&A session today, we would ask that you observe a limit of one question only. If time permits, you can requeue with additional questions. Now, I'll turn the call over to Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you, Richard. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Cadence delivered exceptional results in the fourth quarter capping off a strong 2024 with 13.5% revenue growth and 42.5% non-GAAP operating margin for the year. We exited 2024 with a record backlog of $6.8 billion, which is a testament to our compelling AI-driven chip to systems portfolio and its growing proliferation among marquee, system and semi customers. The AI supercycle is entering a new phase, with Generative AI, Agentic AI and Physical AI fueling explosion in compute demand and semiconductor innovation. We see AI adoption unfolding in multiple phases, starting with the build-out of the AI infrastructure where we are already deeply engaged. At the same time, we are actively integrating AI into our own product and we are also exploring AI potential to create new markets. The Infrastructure AI phase is well underway. And we have been closely collaborating with market leaders on their next generation AI design across both training and inferencing. In Q4, we advanced our long standing partnership with NVIDIA through commitments across a range of our EDA, hardware, IP and system software solutions. We are also using NVIDIA's latest NeMo and NIM microservices to build customized Gen AI applications, delivering enhanced optimization and productivity. We deepened our collaboration with Qualcomm through a significant expansion of our EDA and system software solutions. Also, we meaningfully expanded our strategic partnership with Marvell through a broad proliferation of our portfolio of products. Our Cadence.ai portfolio continued gaining strong momentum with market shaping customers. Our AI powered products such as Cadence Cerebrus, SimAI and Allegro X AI are proliferating at scale. And our LLM based Design Agents powered by JedAI data platform, are showing promising results in early engagement. Cadence Cerebrus is rapidly becoming essential part of the design flow as it continued to deliver transformative PPA benefits to customers, with more than 750 tape-outs to-date and over 300 in Q4 alone. Our Verisium AI driven verification platform with its SimAI and debug AI apps, gained share at key comparative accounts as customers embraced the significant boost in verification quality and efficiency. Additionally, we are also applying AI to new market opportunities, such as life sciences with our OpenEye drug discovery software. The growing foundry ecosystem is driving increased design activity and creating significant opportunities for our products. In 2024, we strengthened our collaboration with existing foundry partners and entered into new strategic engagement. We furthered our partnership with TSMC with AI-optimized design flows certified for TSMC's N3 and N2P technologies. We strengthened our collaboration with GlobalFoundries and are partnering with Samsung on their SF2 gate-all-around process. We also partnered with Intel Foundry to provide design software and leading IP solutions at multiple Intel advanced nodes and in Q4 entered into a strategic collaboration with Rapidus for 2-nanometer enablement technology. We deepened our partnership with ARM, through a broad expansion of our IP, hardware and AI driven design enablement solutions and in Q4 successfully taped out industry's first ARM CSA standard-based system Chiplet. Now let's talk about some of the specific product level highlights for Q4 and 2024. Our System Design & Analysis business delivered strong results, achieving over 40% growth in 2024. Our multi-physics analysis platform with AI-driven optimization is delivering superior results to a rapidly expanding customer-base across multiple verticals, especially Aerospace & Defense and Automotive. Our millennium CFD simulation platform ramped-up over the year, closing two meaningful deals in Q4 in the Aerospace & Defense and Energy verticals. With BETA CAE, we now provide a comprehensive multi-physics platform covering electromagnetics, electrothermal, PFD, and structural analysis. BETA CAE performed ahead of our expectations, with major expansion at several marquee automakers, including at some of the fastest growing EV companies. Our Allegro X design platform with its significant productivity and next-generation capabilities continued its momentum, especially at Aerospace & Defense, hyperscale and EV customers. Allegro X AI, the industry's first fully automated PCB design engine, is enabling customers to realize up to a 10x productivity gain. Our Integrity 3D-IC platform with its unified design, analysis and sign-off capabilities for multi-Chiplet architectures expanded its footprint at hyperscale and memory customers, OSATs and foundries. Our IP business drove a strong finish to the year, growing 28% year-over-year in Q4. Our AI HPC protocols, including our flagship HBM, DDR, PCIe and UCIe solutions propelled our business, with significant expansions and competitive displacement at top tier customers. We continue to broaden our IP portfolio, with high growth star IP products and last month, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Secure-IC. The addition of their embedded security IP product will augment our rapidly expanding portfolio of leading edge silicon-proven IP, including interface, memory, AI and DSP solutions. We announced a collaboration with Rapidus to provide a broad set of our advanced memory interface IP for their 2 nanometer backside power process node. AST SpaceMobile, committed to our AI-driven IP solutions and EDA tools on their AST5000 ASIC, a custom low-power architecture for global space-based cellular broadband services. Our core EDA business, comprising our digital, custom analog and verification portfolios grew 15% year-over-year in Q4. Insatiable demand for more compute along with system complexity and the need for first time right silicon, continued to drive strong demand for our best-in-class Palladium Z3 and Protium X3 systems. Our hardware family delivered yet another record year, adding over 30 new customers and almost 200 repeat customers in 2024, with particularly strong demand from AI and hyperscale customers. Our digital portfolio had another strong year, gaining 36 new full-flow customers in 2024, including 17 in Q4. Cadence partnered with Equal1 on the development of its Alpha 5 Quantum SoC that runs at cryogenic temperatures with our design and implementation tools being central to this revolutionary design. Our Virtuoso inspector franchise solutions tackle the most complex design and simulation challenges in analog, mixed signal, and RF design. Virtuoso Studio, delivering industry's leading AI-powered layout automation and optimization continued its strong ramp and is now deployed at over 450 customers. MediaTek adopted Spectre X running on NVIDIA's Hopper GPUs for its 2-nanometer designs, achieving up to a 6x performance boost while maintaining full accuracy. Spectre FX FastSPICE is now in production usage at more than 75 customers, including top memory vendors as well as SOC and mixed signal companies. In closing, I'm pleased with our outstanding performance in 2024 and excited about the business momentum and opportunities ahead. As the AI era continues to unfold, our AI-driven EDA, SDA and IP portfolio powered by Gen AI agents and accelerated computing is delivering transformative results, uniquely positioning us to capitalize on these massive opportunities. Now, I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q4 results and our 2025 outlook.
John Wall: Thanks Anirudh, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report that Cadence delivered an outstanding Q4 and 2024 with broad-based strength across all of our businesses. Robust design activity and customer demand, combined with our strong execution, drove 13.5% revenue growth and 42.5% non-GAAP operating margin for the year. Fourth quarter bookings were exceptionally strong, and we ended the year with a record backlog of $6.8 billion and a record cRPO of $3.4 billion. Here are some of the financial highlights from the fourth quarter and the year, starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $1.356 billion for the quarter and $4.641 billion for the year. GAAP operating margin was 33.7% for the quarter and 29.1% for the year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 46% for the quarter and 42.5% for the year. GAAP EPS was $1.24 for the quarter and $3.85 for the year and non-GAAP EPS was $1.88 for the quarter and $5.97 for the year. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Our cash balance was $2.644 billion at year-end, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $2.500 billion. Operating cash flow was $441 million in the fourth quarter and $1.261 billion for the full year. DSOs were 48 days, and we used $550 million to repurchase Cadence shares during the year. Before I provide our outlook for 2025, I'd like to share some assumptions that are embedded. Our outlook is based on our usual assumption that export control regulations in place today, remain substantially similar for the remainder of the year. At the midpoint of revenue guidance, we are assuming 2025 China revenue will be flat year-over-year, and Our non-GAAP EPS outlook continues to be based on a tax rate of 16.5%. In our outlook for 2025, we expect revenue in the range of $5.14 billion to $5.22 billion, GAAP operating margin in the range of 30.3% to 31.3%, non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 43.25% to 44.25%, GAAP EPS in the range of $4.19 to $4.29, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $6.65 to $6.75, operating cash flow in the range of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, and we expect to use approximately 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares in 2025. For Q1, we expect revenue in the range of $1.23 billion to $1.25 billion, GAAP operating margin in the range of 27% to 28%, non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 40% to 41%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.93 to $0.99, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.46 to $1.52. And as usual, we've published a CFO Commentary document on our Investor Relations website, which includes our outlook for additional items, as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, I am pleased that we finished the year with record backlog and cRPO. We are starting 2025 with a very strong outlook for non-GAAP incremental margin. As always, I'd like to thank our customers, partners, and our employees for their continued support. And with that, operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jason Celino: Hi, thanks for taking my question. You know when we look at the backlog number, you know the $1,200 or the $1.2 billion of sequential improvement, that's like the biggest we've ever seen, much higher than kind of what I think some of us were expecting. But then when we look at the guide for the full-year, the 11.5% starting point is a little lower than where you've started other years in the past. So maybe, John, can you help us just reconcile the confidence in the backlog and kind of how you're approaching guidance for 2025? Thank you.
John Wall: Yes, sure, Jason. Thanks for the opportunity to clarify. Yes, we're very pleased with the strength and momentum that we carried into year-end and into this year, but we did allude to it on the call last time that we thought the pipeline looked extremely strong and we just wanted the team to focus on converting that. We saw broad-based strength across all of the businesses on backlog, on bookings for Q4, but it was a strong renewal quarter, Q4. But in contrast, I mean the - when I look at this year, second-half is probably stronger for renewals than the first-half. So we'll probably burn some of that backlog in the first-half of the year, but it will come back in Q3 and Q4. And the duration - our backlog duration is normally somewhere in the region of 2.4 to 2.6 years every year and we ended-up at the high-end of the - of that range for this year. When I look at the year in total for 2024, we were super pleased with the strength ex-China. The growth outside of China was high-teens. China, of course declined just over $100 million in dollar terms from 2023 to 2024. And we did back test that, I think I mentioned that on the last call as well. We went back to 1999 and looked at the last 25 years of performance in China in dollar terms. And there were only three years where we had down years and 2024 was the third time we experienced a down year in dollar terms in China. We've never had two consecutive down years in China and we thought it would be prudent to assume in the guide for 2025 that China was flat because it's notoriously hard to predict and I want to manage an expense plan based on a prudent guide.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joe Quatrochi with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Joe Quatrochi: Yes, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to follow-up on that note on the China piece. One, was there any change into the RPO balance from the export restrictions? And then two, I guess on that flat kind of expectation for 2025, should we assume that the hardware cycle specifically in China is maybe more of a 2026 driver then?
John Wall: Oh, yes, good question. I mean, basically, I was just trying to be prudent with the guide and make sure that we are managing expenses very effectively for 2025. But I mean, when I look at the booking activity for Q4, it was quite strong. I think we're seeing strong design activity in China. Anirudh, do you want to comment on any of that?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Actually it's good to see design activity across-the-board, and in all verticals. Now talking specifically about China, actually I was there in November and it's good to see design activity picking-up, right? I think even our China results in '24 improved through the year from Q1 to Q2 to Q3 and Q4. And China, especially, as you know, there's a lot of design activity in - for example, in automotive, where at least five or six like major auto companies, driving the EV revolution and almost all of them are designing chips now and we have privilege of working with all the major auto companies there. And also with our new systems portfolio, especially including BETA, not only we are engaged with them on the chip design side, but also on the packaging board and system side. So overall, I do think that the China activity is strong, like it is strong in a lot of other regions. I think in terms of the guide, it's just best to be prudent and then see how it goes, given all these macro uncertainty, we thought it's better to be prudent on the guide. But the design activity seems to be actually picking up and we'll see, it's difficult to predict how that goes through the year, but so far so good.
John Wall: And Joe, you mentioned the specific metrics in terms of cRPO. There's nothing - no real material impact on any of that from what we're seeing in China, but you're right to call out hardware though. I mean we had a strong hardware year in 2023 in China and it was kind of weaker in '24 and that's why the year is down year-over-year in China. And I just didn't want to be predicting what would happen for '25. It's just very, very difficult for us to predict what happens in China for '25.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with Stifel. Your line is open.
Ruben Roy: John, I hate to waste my one question on another follow-up on China. But I am getting this question from investors and just around the Entity List, wondering if there had been any changes. It seemed like there were additions to the Entity List kind of going into the end-of-the year. And is that informing sort of your prudent view on China or is it really just kind of coming off of that down year and kind of assessing renewals and kind of timing of hardware ramp or has something changed, I guess is the question around Entity List? Thank you.
John Wall: Yes, thanks Ruben. No - I think I would put it down to general prudence. There's nothing really changed in China, but we did see - we had a down year - our third down year in '25 in 25 years and we just thought it would be prudent to assume flat and that would de-risk the guide for everybody.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I'm trying to get a better handle on what's the right interpretation of the recurring revenue growth that is slowing down? I assume obviously China is one aspect of it, but if I were to just take the '24 recurring revenue right and then look at I think you're guiding 80% recurring revenue. So that does suggest a bit of a deceleration. Why is that when the market for AI and all these other products is improving so much, why is the recurring revenue sales growth decelerating so much?
John Wall: Hi, Vivek. Thanks for the question. The - yes, when we look at recurring revenue growth, of course, the assumption that we have in for China being flat is a headwind for that recurring revenue growth because like if we look at the impact of China decelerating by like $100 million from '23 to '24, the vast majority of that was in core EDA and mainly on the hardware side. But we're seeing that impact the recurring revenue numbers. The - of course, the recurring revenue is - the expected mix for this year is expected to go to 80% recurring, 20% upfront, but that's more a reflection of the strength that we're seeing in our upfront revenue businesses. They're growing faster than the average Cadence business. Anirudh, do you want to talk to any of that?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, absolutely. I mean, of course, I think we're good to see strength across the board, but especially hardware and IP has performed really well in '24 and I expect that they will do well in '25. There are multiple reasons driving that, which we can get into, but we have a phenomenal product in hardware, we're well ahead of what the customers will need for several years. And in terms of all our kind of engagements with the customers, they are very pleased with our hardware system. So we had a record '24 also. We had strong demand hardware going forward. And same thing on IP. IP I think has been a weaker area for us over the years. But I think it did turn-around. Of course, one year doesn't make a trend, but it did turn-around significantly in '24. So I think it is up, IP is up roughly 30% in '24 and is driven by multiple reasons. So one reason our portfolio is just better technically. The PPA, especially at advanced nodes, we are delivering better power performance area for our IP products. Also, customers are - we are engaged now with almost all the major customers in IP. We always engage with them on EDA and hardware. At this point, customers want more-and-more of our IP. And the third reason is, as you know, there is a lot more foundry activity, not just the leading foundry from Taiwan, but also in other parts of the world, whether it's Intel or Samsung or Rapidus and GlobalFoundries. So that also requires more and more IP and EDA. So as a result, we are - I am more confident in the IP business going forward. I think it should have another good year in '25 from what I can see right now. And also we are investing more in the IP business in terms of expanding the portfolio. So as you see, we acquired like last year, we acquired, you know, or about a year-ago, IP products from Rambus and then recently, we acquired Security IP, which is another critical piece of the IP portfolio. So overall, I think Cadence has been always very strong in EDA, always very strong in 3D-IC, always being very strong in hardware and IP has been one area that we wanted to do more and especially '24 is the turning point for IP and together positions us well into the future.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Lee Simpson with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Lee Simpson: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in here. I really just wanted to ask around the chiplets reference designs that you've clearly done very well with in China with the EV makers. Is this the sole source of strength for the chiplet reference design? And maybe if we ex that business out of China for this year, what does that do for the size of decline that we might see in China inferred in that flat number? Thanks.
John Wall: Hi Lee, that's a good question. I mean, first thing I would like to say that chiplet design is happening across the globe and also in all verticals. It is not specific to a particular region or vertical. Of course, it started with, as you know, with high performance computing with all these big AI chips and server products, but now you know, automotive and even laptops, they're all getting disaggregated. So we are always being focused on 3D-IC and chiplet-based design from, I don't know, maybe 15 years ago, maybe it was too early. I think our first reference flow with TSMC on 3D-IC was like 2007 or 2008, okay. But of course, it has picked up steam in the last few years and we are particularly well-positioned given we have EDA products, packaging products, system products. And also IP needs to go that way. So we have, what I would call IP 2.0 is more focused not just on individual IP, but silicon solutions and chiplet architecture. So that's why you're seeing investment for us on chiplets, not just on the EDA side, but also on the IP side. But I think it's going to happen, I believe in across all geographies, across all verticals and it's only going to accelerate going forward.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Charles Shi with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Charles Shi: Hi, good afternoon, Anirudh and John. I think I do want to ask a little bit about the core EDA. It looks like the based on the segment information, the core EDA growth in '24 was somewhere in the high single-digit range. It seems like it had been growing at a more like a double-digit. But at the same time, as system design and analysis continue to grow at a very strong double-digit growth. I wonder if you can give us a little bit of your long-term view, is this going to be the new normal going forward like in a more traditional EDA actually going to more like a high single-digit grower, but SD&A is more like a - where that can contribute to Cadence outperformance going forward. I want to get some long-term thoughts there. Thanks.
John Wall: Hi, Charles. Yes, generally in core EDA, I mean, we're always targeting double-digit revenue growth and profitable and sustainable revenue growth is really important to us. We'd be very, very pleased with the progress we're making with the hardware business over the last number of years but of course, the down year China from '23 to '24 impacts that core EDA growth year-over-year from '23 to '24. And then our assumption for '25 obviously impacts that as well. But we're delighted with the value we're providing to customers and with the - just the sheer demand for our products right across the core EDA space. Anirudh, do you want to add anything?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, in terms of product portfolio, I think we are better positioned than we ever have been. If you look at analog, digital verification in terms of core EDA and design activity is strong. Of course, in '24, there are two issues like John mentioned, one is the China and then also hardware had a transition year. So even though Q4 was phenomenally strong in hardware, we went through the transition in Q2 and Q3. So that's of course, part of core EDA. So we'll see how it proceeds going forward, but we are well positioned. We are doing very well with customers in all these evaluations and new design starts. So we'll see how things progress going-forward.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gianmarco Conti with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Gianmarco Conti: Yes. Hi, thank you for taking my question. So firstly, congrats on another fantastic quarter. And perhaps just a follow-up question on hardware. And given again the impressive backlog number and the increase in upfront revenue we saw this quarter, is it fair to assume that Z3 and X3 is being adopted at a faster pace and that the mix of volume and pricing, is what's driving the strong Q1 guide? And going forward, is it fair to assume an acceleration, also not from revenue, given the closing of the air pocket? I think a fair few investors are looking at the strong hardware ramp. I'm wondering if there is much of it inside that $6.8 billion backlog number. Any color around that would be great. Thank you.
John Wall: Yes Gianmarco, it's is a tremendously strong bookings quarter for hardware in Q4. We're seeing huge demand across all of our functional verification platform. But - so we were delighted with the progress that we've made there. We have strong backlog leading into the first quarter. So yes, I mean, you're seeing a more normal kind of shape to revenue this year for Cadence. We expect about 24% of the revenue in - to come in Q1. Similarly, about 24% in Q2. Second half of the year is going to be harder - or we expect Q4 to be higher than Q3, but we'll be able to tell you more about that in the second half when we see the pipeline for hardware in the middle of the year. Anirudh, anything?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, hardware demand is phenomenal. And of course, Q4 strength is not based on just hardware, even though it was phenomenal. Like I mentioned, IP is doing fabulous and, overall 3D-IC, overall, our complete EDA portfolio systems growth as you saw in Q4. But specifically on hardware, I mean, as you know, we have now both new systems, Z3 and X3 and they are in full production, we gained several competitive wins in Q3 and Q4. And it is the strength of our portfolio, which is a custom chip that we make, which is in Palladium Z3 and FPGA system for Protium. And almost all like large designs, especially all large AI designs are using Palladium as the platform of choice. And I do expect that this strength will increase over time. So because we are the only company that designs its own chip to do emulation. So if you look at some of the biggest chips in the world are designed through Palladium. And we have more than 100 chips in one rack, which are liquid cooled, connected optically and then you can connect 16 of these racks together. So it's like more than 2,000 full reticle TSMC chips are used to emulate the world's most complicated designs. And there is no other system that even comes close. So the nearest competitor to Palladium Z3 is actually Palladium Z2. And then I think going forward, this is the nature of the architecture also the inherent advantages it has over FPGAs. And we like FPGAs, it's useful for some software workloads in Protium, but the gap between custom ASIC and FPGA is only going to increase in the future because even Z3 is a more advanced node than FPGA. And you can see that in other workloads, too, not just in emulation, all the AI workloads, all acceleration. Custom ASIC is very superior to FPGA. And going forward, that will continue. And in terms of - we have at least a 10-year lead in designing these custom ASICs for emulation. So hardware was phenomenal, and we expect that to continue. Now of course, the actual second half, we'll have more update. We have good backlog for the first half. And depending on what happens in the first half, we can update the rest of the year in the middle of the year.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Anirudh, John, your backlog came in at about $0.5 billion above where we were for the quarter. So I assume that NVIDIA alone could certainly have accounted for a large portion of that. But your current RPO year-over-year growth progressively slowed over the course of the year from 14% year-over-year in Q1, 11% and 7%, now 6% year-over-year as of Q4. Maybe you could dissect that in terms of the composition of software versus hardware and IP. And then maybe on the geo side, what the current RPO growth might look like if you were to exclude China.
John Wall: Yes, Jay, thanks for the question. I think what you're focused on there is the annual value of the backlog. And yes, I mean we're very focused that we need to grow that annual value. And I think that would be an important focus point for us for 2025. We're very pleased with the amount of bookings that we recorded with customers in Q4, very, very strong pipeline got converted. But we know we can do better on the annual value and we're going to work on that for 2025. Ex China, of course, China is a headwind to that number. We would expect the cRPO to improve naturally in 2025. But I would expect the backlog number to decline a little bit in the first half. We'll burn some of it in the first half just because of the timing of when renewals come up in the year. Q4 2024 was a strong renewals quarter. Q3 and Q4 are the kind of the strongest renewal quarter for 2025.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley with Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. John, you seem to imply that revenue will be split 48%, 52% first half versus second half of the year, but your OpEx guide or your operating margin guide seems to imply the opposite directional change for non-GAAP OpEx. Normally, you would see a second half increase versus first half. What's the dynamic there in the OpEx for the second half versus the first half?
John Wall: Hi Gary, thanks for spotting that and give me the opportunity to explain. We changed to a - we normally have a mid-year merit cycle where we increase salaries in July. We've moved that to January and started in 2025. So the profile for the year, typically in the past, you would have seen also improving margin Q1 to Q2 and then typically taking a drop off from Q2 to Q3. This year, we would expect the profitability profile to improve right throughout the year with Q2 margins exceeding Q1, Q3 exceeding Q2 and Q4 exceeding Q3. We thought that was - it was better to move to an annual cycle from the start of the year, so as not to cause that kind of disruption in the quarter-over-quarter numbers from Q2 to Q3 going forward.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. On the full year guidance, if you drive within the upper range of the guidance for this year, your three year revenue CAGR is going to drop below 15%, to be more specific, more like 13.5% for the first time in a number of years. And if I look at the environment, right, you've got AI leading-edge design starts and activity are at an all-time high. You're going through a strong upgrade cycle on your hardware business. I know you're taking a more conservative view on China, which I think is prudent, but outside of China, we know auto and industrial semiconductor trends are still fairly muted. We also know a couple of your large leading-edge IDM customers continue to face competitive difficulties. So outside of China, can you guys just help us understand like where else are you taking a more cautious view on the 2025 outlook?
John Wall: Yes. I think, Harlan, what you're referring to is that, I mean, when you look ex China, I mean, if we exclude China, that last year, we were high teen year-over-year growth. And what's implied in the guide is low teen year-over-year growth. I mean normally, we start the year prudently anyway. And I think what you're highlighting is we believe we provide tremendous value to our customers, but - and it's important for our customers to extract that value from what we're providing today. We focus on proliferation and adoption of our technology. And we're confident we'll extract that value from customers over time. But essentially, so that's all in the guidance. China is the kind of headwind, I guess, is the assumption that that's flat. But we're pleased with low teens across the rest of the business.
Anirudh Devgan: Also just to point out - yes, one thing to point out is, of course, we are always looking at both revenue growth and profitability. So and I think we expect not only, what I would consider good revenue growth in '25, but also good improvement in profitability. So if you add them together like Rule of 40, I think this is the first time we are guiding more than 55% in the beginning of the year. It's very important to focus on both those things like we have done for years now.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Siti Panigrahi with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Siti Panigrahi: Thanks for taking my question. Can you hear me?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes.
Siti Panigrahi: Okay. Great. So Anirudh, you talked about some of your AI products, Cerebrus, SimAI and Allegro all that getting traction. Help us understand how is that driving your ACV uplift right now? Are you seeing more impacts on which segment, like digital design, verification, any of that. And in the same context, also, could you talk about - I know you talk about a design going into more edge devices as another area of growth, when do you think that's going to - are you going to see that inflection point?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, those are two good questions. So in terms of AI product itself, like we have mentioned in the past, we have these five major platforms, which now at this point, we are engaged with all our major customers on. Of course, the - a few years ago, we started with digital implementation, which is Cadence Cerebrus. I think at this point, we are - Cadence Cerebrus is adopted with all our major customers. And then verification with Verisium and then Allegro X, Optimality, Virtuoso Studio. And these are all platforms which are - something you have to add to your base config, right? So we are seeing customers adopt more and more of these solutions. Now in terms of your question on edge, I always believe, I said so many times in the past that AI will have multiple phases to it. Of course, the first phase was more infrastructure, more on the data center side. But I believe one of the biggest phases will be what we have called for a long time is physical AI, which will be more in the physical world, more edge devices, more cars and robots and drones and then also sciences AI, with things like life sciences and material sciences. So it will go through the - at least the three big horizons. So the good thing with the physical AI, which is more on the edge or more - if they are more power constrained applications. We're already seeing a lot of design activity starting on that. Now some of the products may come out a few years later. But just like on the data center side, we saw products in '22 or '23, but the design activity was there a few years before that. And especially in physical AI, they are, by nature, edge and also more mixed signal in which Cadence is very well positioned. So that's why I'm saying, even though there is weakness right now in the autos in terms of semi revenue, but in terms of investment in R&D, there's a lot of investment in R&D with EVs and self-driving same thing with drones and robot, which is independent of humanoid robots, industrial application and aero and defense applications will be huge for those things. So I think that will drive a different kind of AI and require even more domain-specific silicon for AI on those devices.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Joshua Tilton with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Tilton: Hi guys, thanks for sneaking me in at the end here. I'm just going to keep it to two quick clarifications. My first one is on China. I know there's been a lot of questions, but I guess, John, I'm just trying to understand, has anything changed since last quarter that's either increasing or decreasing your conviction that China won't have two down years in a row? And then on the hardware side, if I remember correctly, historically, you talked to how you tend to only guide for like six months of visibility, specifically for hardware. Are you taking a similar approach this year as you set the guidance for 2025?
John Wall: Thanks, Josh. Yes, so taking the second question first, yes, exactly the same approach that hardware is a pipeline business. We typically have a good visibility into the pipeline about two quarters out. We finished with a very, very strong kind of hardware bookings quarter in Q4 and have plenty of backlog to deliver against in the first half of the year. That demand, the pipeline still looks strong, but visibility into the pipeline this time of the year is more difficult. We'll have more visibility into hardware in the second half by the time we get to the summer. So that's exactly the same approach that you've seen us do in previous years. And then your question on China, can you repeat it again?
Joshua Tilton: Has anything changed since last quarter that's either increasing or decreasing your conviction that China won't have two down years in a row?
John Wall: I'll just - I'm just worried about my ability to predict what China revenue would be. I mean I was very pleased that like all through last year, Q1 was the low quarter. Q2 was higher than Q1. Q3 was higher in Q2, Q4 ended up higher than Q3 for China revenue. But just - it's tough to have visibility into the pipeline for Q1 because quarters are only getting assigned now and the salespeople tend to keep their cards very close to their chest this time of the year. So I thought in the absence of any other information, that the prudent thing would be to derisk the guide and assume flat for China. And then as - if our experience is better than that, we'll take the guide up through the year.
Operator: And I will now turn the call back to Anirudh Devgan for closing remarks.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It is an exciting time for Cadence as we enter 2025 with product leadership and strong business momentum. Our continued execution of the Intelligent System Design strategy, customer first mindset, and our high-performance culture are driving growth and profitability. Fortune and Great Place to Work named Cadence as one of the World's Best Workplaces in 2024, ranking it Number 9. And on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers, partners, and investors for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's Cadence fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Brianna and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Richard Gu, Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard Gu: Thank you, operator. I would like to welcome everyone to our third quarter of 2024 earnings conference call. I'm joined today by Anirudh Devgan, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on our website, cadence.com. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements, including our outlook on future business and operating results. Due to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today's discussion. For information on factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, CFO commentary, and today's earnings release. All forward-looking statements during this call are based on estimates and information available to us as of today and we disclaim any obligation to update them. In addition, core financial measures discussed on this call are non-GAAP unless otherwise specified. The non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for GAAP results. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. For the Q&A session today, we would ask that you observe a limit of one question and one follow-up. Now, I'll turn the call over to Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you, Richard. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Cadence delivered exceptional results for the third quarter of 2024 with broad-based strength across our product portfolio. We are on track for a strong second half and we are pleased to raise our full year EPS outlook. John will provide more details on our financials in a moment. Generational trends such as hyperscale computing, autonomous driving, and 5G, all accelerated by the AI super cycle, continue to fuel strong design activity across multiple verticals, especially in data center and automotive. Our cutting edge chip-to-system platforms empower customers to drive unprecedented innovation as they race to develop next-gen AI and agentic AI products while navigating escalating design complexities. We continue steadily executing to our intelligent system design strategy that triples our TAM opportunity while significantly expanding our portfolio across core EDA, IP, and system design and analysis. I'm excited about AI's incredible promise and how rapidly it is becoming an integral part of the design workflow, with customers steadily increasing their investments in AI-driven automation. Our Cadence.AI portfolio, powered by GenAI agents, AI-driven optimization, and big data analytics JedAI platform saw sales nearly triple over the last year, as it continued delivering unparalleled quality of results and productivity benefits. We continue partnering with NVIDIA to accelerate AI innovation and are using their latest NeMo and NIM microservices to build customized GenAI application, delivering enhanced optimization and productivity. In Q3, we deepened our partnership with Arm through a broad expansion of our IP, hardware, and AI-driven design enablement solutions to help deliver Arm’s next-generation AI technologies and advanced Arm compute subsystems across multiple markets. We expanded our long standing partnership with TSMC, with AI optimized design flows certified for TSMC's N3 and N2P technologies. We are also collaborating on innovative solutions for next-generation technologies, like TSMC A16 and 3Dblox, that are paving the way for the AI factories of tomorrow. Demand for our industry-leading Integrity 3D-IC solution that enables system level PPA optimization continues to grow with accelerating adoption by hyperscalers, OSAT, and foundries. We introduced the industry's first auto router for both die-to-die and die-to-substrate connectivity. And that was showcased at TSMC's 3DFabric Alliance Workshop. High-speed multi-layer PCB designs require increasing levels of miniaturization, advanced simulation, and AI-driven automation. Allegro X, with its tight integration with our analysis technology, an expanded collaboration platform, is ramping strongly and drove over 40% of our PCB sales this year. The transition to OrCAD X, our new mainstream PCB solution accelerated in Q3, with a third of our OrCAD customers converting to this new cloud enabled solution. Cadence OnCloud is a key go-to-market platform to reach the long tail of smaller system customers and is seeing strong traction with over 400 customers, tens of thousands of online users, and orders doubling over the past year. We recently launched the Cadence OnCloud Marketplace and announced Cadence online support through OnCloud, which uses GenAI technology to provide insightful, contextual, and accurate answers to customer queries. As the digital transformation in aerospace and defense accelerates, we saw continued strength in this vertical as the US Air Force and Army expanded their commitment to Cadence’s solutions spanning from chips to boards to systems. Our hardware-accurate digital twins have been successfully used by Northrop Grumman in taping out several ASICs, helping accelerate schedule by over two years. In Q3, we substantially grew our footprint at several marquee hyperscalers through a broad proliferation of our best-in-class hardware systems, IP, and software portfolio. Our system design and analysis business continued to outpace the market, delivering impressive results with over 40% year-over-year revenue growth in Q3. We are pleased with the strong growth of our multiphysics portfolio that couples our expertise in physics-based modeling with AI-driven optimization to deliver superior results to customers. Clarity and Celsius both grew strongly with competitive wins while our newly acquired BETA CAE products that round out our system analysis portfolio outperformed our expectations as we signed large deals with major EV companies. Our AI-driven optimality solution was adopted by several leading customers and Volta's Inside AI, used by top hyperscaler to successfully achieve an 80% AI drop reduction in their designs. Our IP business continued its strong momentum in Q3, delivering over 50% year-over-year revenue growth, as we executed to our profitable and scalable growth strategy. Increasing complexity of interconnect protocols, along with the growing outsourcing trend, and new foundry opportunities are providing strong tailwinds to our IP business. AI, HPC and chiplet use cases were the primary drivers for the adoption of our differentiated HBM, PCIe, UCIe, DDR and high-speed SerDes solutions in design ranging from 7 nanometer down to the most advanced gate-all-around nodes. Our AI-assisted Tensilica audio DSP scored multiple design wins with marquee global customers across HPC, mobile and automotive use cases. Our core EDA business comprised of our custom, digital and functional verification businesses delivered 9% year-over-year revenue growth in Q3. Our new groundbreaking hardware systems offering industries leading performance, capacity, and scalability experienced strong demand, especially at AI, hyperscale and automotive companies. Verisium, our AI-driven verification platform, continued seeing rapid customer adoption, with several leading customers successfully using Verisium Sim AI for highly efficient coverage maximization. Proliferation of our digital full flow at the most advanced nodes accelerated with over 30 new full flow logos added over the past year. With nearly 450 tapeouts, customers are increasingly deploying Cadence Cerebrus AI solution as it continues to deliver unparalleled PPA and productivity benefits on a broad spectrum of designs. Our AI driven Virtuoso Studio leverages the capabilities of our flagship Virtuoso platform while seamlessly integrating with other cadence cutting-edge technologies to drive significant productivity benefits for analog, RF, and mixed signal designers. With this GenAI-driven automated design migration and new layout placement and routing technologies, customers are rapidly adopting Virtuoso Studio and it won 30 new logos in Q3. In summary, I'm pleased with our Q3 results and the continuing momentum of our business. The AI driven automation era offers massive opportunities, and the co-optimization of our comprehensive EDA, SDA, and IP portfolio with accelerated compute and AI orchestration uniquely positions us to provide disruptive solutions to multiple verticals. Now, I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q3 results and our updated 2024 outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Anirudh, and good afternoon everyone. I'm pleased to report that Cadence delivered strong Q3 results with total revenue of over $1.2 billion. We achieved 19% year-over-year growth. Our Q3 recurring revenue growth returned to low teens on a year-over-year basis. Our intelligent system design strategy is paying off with our system design and analysis business delivering strong growth and we continue to see robust demand for our emulation and prototyping systems. Here are some of the financial highlights from the third quarter, starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $1.215 billion. GAAP operating margin was 28.8% and non-GAAP operating margin was 44.8%. And GAAP EPS was $0.87 with non-GAAP EPS of $1.64. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, we had a $2.5 billion senior notes offering in Q3 that was well received by the market. We have used the majority of the net proceeds to retire maturing notes and prepaid term loans as well as for other general corporate purposes. Cash balance at quarter end was $2.786 billion. While the principal value of debt outstanding was $2.850 billion. Operating cash flow was $410 million. DSOs were 44 days and we used $150 million to repurchase Cadence shares. Before I provide our updated outlook, I'd like to highlight that it contains the usual assumption that export control regulations that exist today remain substantially similar for the remainder of the year. Our updated outlook for 2024 is revenue in the range of $4.61 billion to $4.65 billion. GAAP operating margin in the range of 29% to 30%. Non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 42% to 43%. GAAP EPS in the range of $3.70 to $3.76. Non-GAAP EPS in the range of $5.87 to $5.93. Operating cash flow in the range of $1.0 billion to $1.2 billion. And we expect to use approximately 50% of our annual free cashflow to repurchase cadence shares. With that in mind, for Q4, we expect revenue in the range of $1.325 billion to $1.365 billion. GAAP operating margin in the range of 33.2% to 34.2%. Non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 45.2% to 46.2%. GAAP EPS in the range of $1.09 to $1.15, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.78 to $1.84. And as usual, we published a CFO commentary document on our investor relations website, which includes our outlook for additional items, as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, I'm pleased with our Q3 results. Our Q4 bookings pipeline looks exceptionally strong, and we are well positioned to deliver a strong 2024. As always, I'd like to close by thanking our customers, partners and our employees for their continued support. And with that, operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Joe Vruwink with Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Hi. Great. Hi, everyone. I appreciate the nature of your relationships with customers. Means, you typically know well in advance what product roadmaps might be. You're typically not learning new information off of public calls, but just given the number of headlines [that weighs] (ph) around advanced foundry efforts or maybe demand from China, I wanted to ask, have you learned anything over the past three months or so that you would point out as maybe being something worth considering, either good or bad as investors think about the 2025 opportunity for cadence?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Hi, Joe, this is Anirudh. That's a good question. Well, I would say that, I mean, as you know already that the importance of semiconductor to the overall global economy is increasing and is more well recognized now. And I did visit several countries over the last quarter and there is more and more kind of commitment to build that out. And you're seeing that in different countries and also like we highlighted even earlier in the year, the -- of course, TSMC is leading foundry, but our own relationship with Samsung and Intel in this area has improved and global also we have worked for several years. So I would like to say that in general we do see this continued investment in newer foundries, whether it's Intel, Samsung, and even like Rapidus in Japan and other countries. So when we continue to partner closely with the leading players like TSMC and Arm as we highlighted in this report, but it's good to see more investments being made in other areas.
Joe Vruwink: Okay, thanks for that. And then, John, you don't normally give backlog guidance, but you did comment on bookings pipeline and 4Q, and that stands out. Are you maybe able to go into a bit more color on what you might expect or what you would be looking for as kind of the forerunner to your 2025 performance?
John Wall: Yeah, I mean thanks for picking up on that, Joe. I mean obviously we're not giving any outlook on 2025 yet. But it's a very, very strong pipeline right now for Q4. I think it's the biggest I've ever seen for Q4 pipeline. It reminds me a little bit. It's kind of similar to how we finished 2021. If you recall, in 2021, we had a really strong pickup in bookings in Q4 and ‘21. About 40% of our annual bookings came in Q4 of ‘21 and this year the second half seems to be setting up the same way but it's with exceptionally strong pipeline and we're seeing strong design activity everywhere.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just following up on Joe's backlog question. So understand that the pipeline looks quite large. Is it fair to say that the composition of that pipeline is mostly being hardware driven? I guess curious what you're seeing from a new order pipeline perspective on kind of the Z3/X3.
John Wall: Hi Jason, thanks for the opportunity to clarify that -- I mean it's broad-based right across the board across all of our businesses and all the businesses are performing really really well. I mean when I look at our forecast for the remainder of the year, on a three-year CAGR basis, all business groups are on track for strong growth from low double-digit growth on the core EDA software side right through to mid-teen growth right up to almost 30% growth for like IP functional verification which hardware is part of and system design analysis.
Jason Celino: Okay, perfect. And then just one really quick one on China. I think last quarter I think you were trying to de-risk some of your assumptions. Obviously, this quarter, there were some incremental worries that the region might be taking another leg down. But obviously, cadence and EDA can see very different purchasing habits and demand drivers from semi-cap and some of the smaller point solution providers. But do you still expect to see 13% of your revenues come from China this year? I guess what else can you tell us about the overall demand environment there?
John Wall: Yeah, great question again, Jason. I mean, you're reading my mind. I mean, myself and my team were looking through China. We went back, we're data driven. We went back 25 years to have a look at our China revenue. I mean, we're expecting China revenue to be lower this year than last year. That's only happened 3 times in the last 25 years. First time was 2008. Obviously, there were macro things going on back in 2008. And it took until 2011 for us to reach a new high in China revenue, but it recovered immediately in 2009. It dipped in 2021, recovered immediately to a new high in 2022, and it looks like it's dipping in 2024. But I'm very, very pleased that Q2 was stronger than Q1 on a dollar basis. Q3 was stronger than Q2, and China seems to be recovering well with strong design activity.
Jason Celino: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gianmarco Conti with Deutsche Bank.
Gianmarco Conti: Yeah, hi, thank you very much for my taking the questions and congrats again for a great quarter. Maybe perhaps if you could touch a little bit on the cadence.ed.ai suite. If you're seeing incremental appetite there, and is it going to be material for 2025 growth? If you could give us any data points or qualitative anecdotes, that would be amazing, thank you.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, absolutely. I mean, we are pretty pleased with how our Cadence.AI portfolio is doing. And like mentioned earlier, I mean, right now, I think it is used by all our top customers. So, now some of them are, the amount of proliferation is different at each customer, but right now we are engaged in all of our top customers with our AI solutions. And as you may know, we have five major AI platforms, analog, digital, verification, PCB and package and system analysis. So it's a pretty rich portfolio. And the customers are routinely seeing anywhere from 5% to 20% improvement in PPA, which is significant. I think the value of AI is not just productivity, which is huge. I mean, we have a history of productivity improvement in EDA, but the value of AI is when it can give a better result. So that's where I think the real value and monetization can happen if the result is better. And we also design our own chips as well. As you know, Palladium, we design our own chip, one of the most complicated chips that is made by TSMC. And we design our own IP, right, in our IP group. So we are also applying our own solutions internally as well. So these are like true comparisons of AI versus non-AI solutions. So even in the latest Palladium Z3 chip, we saw like 15% improvement in power using Cadence Cerebrus. And in the latest AI IP we designed, we saw anywhere from 13% to 20% improvement in our IP group using our own Cadence.AI solutions, which is very consistent with what we see with top customers. So overall we are pleased with the benefit we are getting, especially with the improvement in PPA. And productivity improvements can be anywhere between 5x to 10x, but the PPA benefits are truly remarkable and almost equivalent to one kind of node, one process node migration typically get 15% to 20% PPA improvement and we can get that with AI. And then the last thing I would like to highlight with AI is our cadence on cloud offering. So we do have a cadence customer support portal and we're applying GenAI in there to give better and response to our customers. And this is another big trend of applying AI to give better customer support. So overall, applying Cadence.AI, of course, working with all our top customers across all five major platforms, applying AI internally to improve our own designs, whether it's in hardware group or IP, and then applying AI for customer support can make us much more efficient.
Gianmarco Conti: Amazing. I think I'll just ask a quick follow up. Is it safe to say that in Q4 we should see the air pocket of hardware kind of closing out? And if you could share sort of any commentary around 2025 visibility, particularly from your overordering of the FPGAs and the raw materials, I'm just kind of curious how does that translate into backlog? I know you don't specifically guide on backlog, but obviously, backlog was a little bit down sequentially. And so any commentary there, that will be amazing. Thank you.
John Wall: Yes, Gianmarco, I certainly wouldn't categorize our ordering of FPGAs as over-ordering. We are ordering to fit the demand that we see. We're seeing very robust demand. The pipeline is super strong. But like I said, I haven't seen it as strong as this in any previous Q4 that I've been here. So we're set up for a tremendous Q4. At this time of the year, it's always difficult to give any indication as to what next year looks like and particularly in years like this, when you expect such a strong bookings quarter in Q4, we kind of have to get that landed and look at the quality of that before we give any indication as to what next year looks like. But I'm very, very pleased with the hardware demand, with the performance of the business and they're ramping up production all the time to meet the demand.
Gianmarco Conti: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lee Simpson with Morgan Stanley.
Lee Simpson: Great. Good evening, everyone. So a couple of quick ones from me actually. Just looking at the Millennium platform, following on from the last question there, could you maybe characterize what is the interest beyond NVIDIA. When, who and how big do we think the demand will be for that platform? And maybe as a follow-on question, I'm just interested on the timing of the impact from new collaboration with Arm on CSS. Does that have any specific vertical to it? Is that autos? Or is it maybe the aerospace stuff that you were talking about there? Thanks.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Good question, Lee. So first, in terms of Arm, I mean, we have a pretty broad partnership with Arm over the years. I mean, going back like 10 years, and especially in their IP development CPUs and GPUs. And this latest collaboration, which we highlighted, is also expanding to compute subsystems and total design, which is Arm doing more as you know, more chiplets and more droplets. And this is broad-based, but I think they are -- this is more a question for Arm, but they are seeing a lot of strength in multiple markets, including HPC and automotive. But this is expansion of as Arm kind of morph is their strategy, our relationship with Arm gets even stronger, not just in IP development but also for total compute. And in terms of your other questions on Millennium, in general, I am optimistic, like I've mentioned before that with these new systems we can accelerate a lot of our software on combination of CPUs and GPUs, okay? And Millennium is a perfect example. And the reason for that is -- I mean, of course, we can accelerate EDA. We got like fabulous results in Spectre. We are the leading provider of circuit simulation, which Spectre is the leading platform. And with these latest systems, we are able to accelerate circuit simulation by 5x to 10x by these CPU, GPU acceleration platforms, but also on system design and analysis, which is Millennium is a perfect example for that. And the reason for that is that system design and analysis by nature, the algorithms involved does a lot of matrix multiply. Like CFD is essentially a matrix multiply operation. And the other thing that is largely a matrix multiply is, of course, AI. So -- and these systems are well tuned for AI or matrix multiply operation. So they are very naturally tuned for SD&A kind of application. So I'm pretty optimistic that because we're getting tremendous results and we are seeing that CFD especially with the aerospace and automotive companies, okay? Because this is -- typically, they have been limited by how much simulation they can provide and I think we highlighted like for example, Honda is a great kind of early development partner for Millennium. And in general, as these platforms get more sophisticated, the CPU, GPU platforms, I think we can apply this acceleration to a broader portfolio, and you'll see that going forward.
Lee Simpson: That’s great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Shi with Needham.
Charles Shi: Good afternoon, Anirudh and John. I want to ask another question about the Intel and Samsung. But from another perspective, I mean, despite all the headlines, which were not so positive, we know that those two customers will wear your market share historically has been a little bit underrepresented, but largely because they are still using the internal EDA tools. So I mean, given all the challenges, those two customers seems to be facing, although it doesn't sound like you're seeing any immediate changes. Is it possible that it can be a net positive for you guys? And if there is more dependence of those two customers on the commercial EDA tools, meaning more of the EDA development work being outsourced to the merchant EDA companies like Cadence, I want to get some thoughts on them and what could be, let's say, an inflection point for that to happen if it happens? Thanks.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Hi, Charles, that's a great observation. I mean, as you know, we are very strong in the -- historically strong over the last 5, 10 years in the TSMC ecosystem with partnership with TSMC and ARM and historically not as strong with Samsung and Intel. Though, I think that is beginning to change, especially last year and this year. And to me, there's always -- every company goes through ups and downs, as you know. And whenever -- I mean, both Intel and Samsung are great companies. And when they're going through more challenges, typically is more opportunities for us. We always lead with products. We believe we have the best solution. So -- and we are seeing that. We saw with Intel, we mentioned our IP partnership, also the strength of our new hardware platforms across we are working with both these companies on our new systems and then AI-enabled software. So typically, these things will take time. So -- but in general, whenever there is a competitive situation with some of these big customers, typically, we have done well historically in those situations.
Charles Shi: Got it. Thanks. Maybe the other question I want to ask is, hopefully you can clarify because it has been the news that Cadence maybe acquiring Altair or maybe looking to acquire Altair Engineering Systems. So mind if you provide some comments here.
Anirudh Devgan: Charles, yeah, I mean, as you know, we don't comment on specific rumors, but I mean, as we have said before, I mean, we are very pleased with our strategy. We are very pleased that most of our growth is organic and sometimes we do some small tuck-in M&A, and that strategy has not changed, okay? So that's our plan going forward, and we are pretty happy with how we are positioned. Yes.
Charles Shi: Thanks so much, Anirudh.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you, good evening. Anirudh, you may recall that on the conference call a quarter ago, you spoke about various AI ML use cases that you're beginning to see. And then separately, we also talked about how you might, over time, change your product packaging for different use cases or end markets. Maybe we can bring those two things together. And the question is do you see a likelihood of -- for AI ML applications, more and more vertical domain-specific packaging. I know you've got the branded apps right now. you're obviously selling into different verticals. But would you foresee taking any of those technologies and making them specifically packaged to specific end markets? And also before I get to my follow-up, could you also talk a little bit about your AI ML development roadmap. You've had customers speak at Cadence live about what they're looking for from you in that respect? And maybe you could talk about improvements you're going to be making in things like capacity, memory footprint, scenario proliferation, and so on and so forth. Then I'll ask my follow-up.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Hi, Jay, that's all great observations. I mean, we have, of course, one of the highest investments in R&D, and we are very pleased with our kind of roadmap for AI and AI products. But we will enroll that over time, right? As you know, it's kind of -- I don't want to preannounce anything here. But overall, I think we are investing heavily. And as AI itself gets more powerful, the three-layered cake that I always talk about the AI orchestration of the top, the middle layer of principal simulation and optimization and the bottom layer, like I mentioned earlier, with CPU, GPU and custom silicon. So we are investing in all these three areas. And it may make sense for some verticalization like we did for Millennium, right? That is a vertical targeted at a particular vertical with aerospace and automotive. But overall, we are pretty pleased with that. And like we -- I also believe that -- I mean, AI itself is a very big topic, but there are two parts of it. The initial phase is horizontal. And we are also -- we have a lot of horizontal technologies. But over time, I think the AI monetization will have to be more and more vertical. And I've talked about this publicly, the three phases of AI. So we are right now in what I would call infrastructure AI, starting with data centers and then going into edge devices like laptops and phones and even in data centers, we have more vertical solutions now with thermal management and things like that. But that's the horizon one, which is in infrastructure AI. Horizon two in my mind is physical AI, things like self-driving, drones, robots. And even though the auto market is weak right now, but in terms of design, it's not weak, okay? As you see a lot of the reporting on semiconductor autos is weak. But in terms of design activity, there's a lot of design activity for what is there to come. And this is what I saw a few years ago in data center as we are seeing in automotive. And a lot of the chips that are required for automotive are very similar to what are required for drones and robots, okay? So to me, that's like the second phase of AI, which is physical AI. And then the third phase of AI, which is Horizon 3, which is further out from the physical AI is what I would call sciences AI, and the biggest application will be life sciences, okay? And that's why the investment in open AI two years ago. So that's how we look at it. Infrastructure AI, followed by physical AI, followed by sciences AI, and we will have of course, horizontal solutions because our business is fundamentally horizontal for multiple end markets. But as these markets evolve, we will also have some vertical solutions that are tuned to especially these megatrends of infrastructure, physical AI and sciences AI, but exciting times.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Sorry about that. So, you noted the strength in SD&A generally including some upside for the first full quarter with BETA CAE. But from a larger perspective, the fact is since you did your first acquisition for the ISD strategy, you've done 7 or 8 acquisitions over $2.1 billion of cumulative value. But you're still very much the challenger in that market with a fraction of market share relative to the market leaders. So maybe you could talk about how you're thinking about more tightly coupling across the various applications you have in CFD and SD&A and talk about how you're thinking about ramping up in go-to-market, especially, which is also something that I think you need to do to supplement what you've done on the code acquisition side?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Jay, that's a great observation. So first of all, especially like we mentioned earlier, with the BETA acquisition, and which is doing pretty well, we feel that our portfolio is fairly complete, okay? So whether it is electromagnetics or thermal and now with CFD and then structural. So -- and the key thing that I watch and you can see in our results is the growth rate, okay, not just how complete the portfolio is, but how well it's performing in the market. And we are pretty pleased to see that the growth rate is good and I believe, much better than the overall market. And part of it is now that one part is, of course, the products have to be good, and I believe our products are best-in-class, whether it's clarity for is routinely like 5 times to 10 times faster, Celsius, only unique solution that can do thermal both finite element and CFD for 3D IC and general applications with BETA or with Millennium, but also go-to-market. So I think we have highlighted before and especially this quarter, it really went into full effect is we want to go to market in three big ways. So one way is direct, right, which is Cadence trend, working with the top customers. Our history, especially in EDA is, of course, working directly with the world's best companies. So we are doing that in SD&A as well, and that's where we were focused last few years was -- and we still are with the top companies but we need to augment that with two other parts of the strategy, which the other system design companies do anyway. So the second part, apart from direct channel is what we would call indirect channel, through channel partners. And then the third part of go-to-market is e-commerce and cloud offerings, okay? So I think at this point, especially in Q3, I feel that we are hitting our stride in this go-to-market. And for example, this -- apart from the top customers where we go direct, with a channel partner or indirect channel, we have now more than 100 partners, okay, which is a significant increase from earlier. And also OnCloud itself, which is the e-commerce direct channel, we have tens of thousands of users. And what we are also doing is we are a -- we are -- all our channel partners are also going to market through OnCloud. So whether the customer directly buys through e-commerce, or buys in a traditional way, all the data is captured in this online platform, so which is great for cross-selling. It's great for lead generation. So I really feel that we'll see how it progresses in the future, but especially this year, we are go-to-market has improved now that our products are in good shape. We need to focus on go-to-market, especially indirect channel and direct customer sales.
John Wall: And if I could add to that as well, Jay, it's way more than just BETA. I mean, BETA is fantastic in that we're getting more pull-through revenue, especially in automotive as a result of BETA rounding out our multiphysics platform. But we're also getting strong momentum in A&D. Do you want to talk more about the A&D?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, absolutely. I mean A&D, like we highlighted this time I mean not just the traditional -- see, what is exciting about A&D to me is not just the traditional dips like Northrop Grumman, which we have a long history of working with both on the silicon side and the system side. But also, we are now directly working with like we highlighted the US Air Force and US Army. So -- and in terms of SD&A, there's three big markets. There's the traditional markets of high-tech or electronics. Anyway, that's we are traditionally strong in. And the two other markets are aerospace and automotive. So apart from BETA helping us in automotive, I think Aerospace, our own history with Northrop and other and the strength of our portfolio. So we feel that we are well positioned in these three big markets.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thank for taking my question. So, Anil, despite all the secular drivers, the stock has underperformed this year because of revenue lumpiness and we have seen the core EDA growth slip below 10%. I know you're not guiding to '25, but do you think investors should be prepared for a smoother year? Or are there other lumpy effects in IT or hardware or anything else that we should keep in mind. And if I had to try to quantify it, if I look at this $1.3-ish billion kind of exiting run rate from Q4, is this sort of the trend line for next year? Just how would you suggest investors get a handle for 2025 because I think this lumpiness has really impacted the stock this year.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, Vivek, all I would say is that, I mean, first two quarters were not -- were atypical for Cadence. We have highlighted before like Q1 and Q2 because of certain kind of onetime things. But I do believe Q3 is more back to normal, but John can comment more.
John Wall: No, I agree. I certainly Q3 feels like our back to normal quarter. I think Q4 has a lot of upfront revenue in -- unusual again in terms of Q4 and we've got that massive pipeline that we have to convert. We have a lot of work to do there before we can talk about 2025. But when I look at 2025, I kind of view Q3 as a more normal quarter for Cadence.
Vivek Arya: Okay. And for my follow-up, I saw in the CFO commentary that you have something now called core EDA, You've always given the different segment sales, but if I'm not mistaken, you took SDA out and you have something called core EDA, I'm curious why you chose to do that? And do you have system design and analysis kind of growth CAGR in mind beyond just a generic kind of double digit. What is the organic growth rate that you think your SDA business can achieve over the next number of years?
John Wall: I’m sorry, asking about '25 again, Vivek, nice try. Look, when we talk about core EDA, we were talking about, basically, you have core EDA software and you have the, like, functional verification group and hardware on. We talk about core EDA, we talk about those three groups combined. The system design and analysis we typically talk about separately. And then, of course, we have the IP business. The IP business and systems in analysis business are growing really, really strongly right now. But the launch of the new hardware products has resulted in functional verification growing really strongly. But often when hardware is bundled alongside core EDA software that there's an allocation methodology to apply value between the software and the hardware. So often internally, we look at core EDA, the three of them combined. If you look at core EDA software, by the end of the year, we're on track to achieve double-digit revenue growth on a three-year CAGR basis, which is the way we track things. But on the functional verification side of things. It would be -- it looks like it's on track for like high-teen growth on a three-year CAGR basis, like mid to high-teen growth. But IP, again, looks very, very strong and SD&A is the strongest of all. And I think it's all those things that Anirudh just spoke to.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Clarke Jeffries with Piper Sandler.
Clarke Jeffries: Hello, thank you for taking the question. I wanted to more focus on fiscal '24 with my questioning around specifically what happened in the quarter versus the full year guide? I mean, there was great momentum in the IP business, 59% growth. I was wondering what -- if you could level set what you're expecting in terms of Q4 IP contribution? I know last quarter we talked a lot about IP and systems leading upfront revenue in the second half and verification maybe being in the high single-digits. Is that still fair or true? Just to the broader question of tightened the full year range, but a beat on Q3, what was happening behind the scenes that revenue landed differently than expected? And then one follow-up.
John Wall: Yeah. Sure, Clarke. I don't think revenue landed differently to -- I mean basically, we were prudent with our guide in Q3, and it's -- we feel our team always does his best business when they're not chasing. And I think we were rewarded for that with Q3 business. But similarly, we're being prudent for Q4. IP has great momentum. I expect that momentum to carry on into the fourth quarter as well as SD&A. I think all businesses are performing really, really well now. Anything to add there, Anirudh?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Just some more comments on the IP business. I mean, of course, Q3 is strong, and we expect good growth in Q4. But like any business, we look at it over multiple quarters and multiple years, right? So if you look at IP on a two-year CAGR, I think it's, I would say, in which is still good. But Q3, I mean, there's a focus on what each quarter separately. But the key thing in IP growing at, let's say, 30% on a two-year CAGR basis, I think we are doing -- finally, we are in a very good position in IP. This is the way I see. I mean EDA, we have done historically very well. We are well recognized as the leader in EDA. But if you look back like last three years, we have not done as well in IP as we could have. But I finally feel that now our IP business is in its strongest position it has been, okay? And there's multiple reasons for that. I mean one key reason is that we always focus on advanced node, especially with our leading kind of TSMC advanced node. And now at 3-nanometer, 5-nanometer or PPA is finally industry-leading in the IPs we deliver. And they are for these kind of enterprise application. And that whole area is taking off. So I think that's the first main reason. The second reason is that we are now working with other foundries like we have highlighted and there is more and more IP development needed for kind of onshoring or trench-shoring activities throughout the world. And then the third reason is disaggregation. There's 3D-IC even not just in HPC but now in laptops and automotive, this aggregation trend and need for IP like UCIe and all the other memory interface IPs. So I do feel that -- we have a good portfolio and IP group is in a very good position, not just for Q3, but on a multiple year CAGR basis.
Clarke Jeffries: Perfect. And just to clarify or follow-up on that. Just -- I think the number one question we're going to get from investors are there going to be remaining execution thresholds with some of the IP business you had anticipated in the second half. Does more of that come in Q4? Or did some of it land in Q3? And then just final point around margin outperformance. How would you attribute the margin outperformance that happened in the quarter, certainly, IP revenue may benefit the sort of optics of incremental margin, but anything to call out in terms of maybe how OpEx discipline came in compared to your expectations? Thank you.
John Wall: Yeah. Sure, Clarke. Again, more great questions. The -- I mean on the IP side, I think we -- like I said, we've got great momentum there. You're probably referring to the -- we did a large contract at the start of the year with milestones that were in the second half of the year and some of those kicked in, of course, in Q3 and triggered revenue. There are more that will trigger revenue in Q4, but that's a multiyear contract that will -- that momentum should continue on into next year. And then on the margin side, I mean, Cadence is -- I mean it's a tremendous business. I mean, the core EDA business is a great foundation for margins and profitable sustainable revenue business that -- and growth we scale really well. As we grow in these other areas, a lot of the growth just slows down. Nice to hear you talking about incremental margin. Typically, a lot of that revenue growth just flows into operating margin. And you can see when the growth comes through, the impact it has on operating margin is incredible.
Clarke Jeffries: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Your inventories are up sequentially, that's an all-time high. I think it's implying a very strong demand profile and backlog for your new Z3 and X3 hardware systems. Is demand exceeding your near-term supply and manufacturing capabilities? In other words, is the Q4 shipment profile for your hardware system supply or manufacturing constraint? I'm just trying to get a sense on how many quarters, the strong upgrade cycle can extend into next year?
John Wall: Yes, Harlan, the demand is very strong for our hardware. But in terms of inventory growth, that's really come as a result of us buying -- doing a multiyear contract with a key supplier. We mentioned that on last quarter's call, that's also impacting our operating cash this year, but it was in and around the kind of low to mid $100 million kind of level in terms of purchases for hardware inventory for the next three years.
Harlan Sur: Perfect. Okay. And then back to the China business. So as you think about 2025 and anniversary in a more normalized business environment for your China business this year, there's a lot of puts and takes where you've got the hardware upgrade cycle, you've got the potential direct or indirect headwinds from maybe more US regulatory actions. You've got the macro environment, which in extreme cases, maybe does impact design activity. So kind of a lot of moving pieces, right, but I think that the best leading indicator over the next few quarters on growth is design starts and planned design starts, right? So Anirudh you track design starts in China, you track some of the upcoming programs. How does the design activity funnel look? Is it increasing? Is it staying flat? And then when you overlay your hardware upgrade cycle on top of this, what's the early sort of qualitative view on China as you look into next year, would you expect continued acceleration in year-over-year comps?
Anirudh Devgan: Harlan, that's a good question for me. First, overall, and then specifically on China. I mean, like we mentioned that China has improved last two quarters. I mean it's difficult to forecast that into next year. But I do think that there is improvement in China overall and also, now with our more richer portfolio is also especially with the auto sector. I mean what is interesting to me is, for China, we have luxury of like in China and other parts work on multiple end markets and we participate in all the markets that the customers are designing chips for. But what is interesting to see -- for me to see in China is how well they're doing in automotive and almost all of those major auto companies are also now designing chips. I mean this is well known now. And so we are glad to work with them both on the SDA, but also the EDA side with the silicon part. So I think we just have to see how it progresses into '25. But overall, I think the design activity is strong in China and elsewhere, especially driven by this AI super cycle and amount of activity we are seeing with the hyperscalers, both in China and of course, in the US and the demand of AI for next several years. So we'll see. We'll continue to monitor that.
John Wall: Yeah. And Harlan. Although, I mean, obviously, we can't predict what 2025 is going to bring, we did go back and back test the last 25 years. It's only the third year that we've seen a down year in China revenue on a dollar basis. And we've never seen two down years in a row. And I'm pleased to see that Q2 was stronger than Q1 this year. Q3 is stronger than Q2 this year. Pipeline looks strong. Anecdotally, from the team out in China, they're seeing a lot of design activity strength out there. So we wouldn't expect a second down year based on that history, but it's just very hard to predict '25.
Harlan Sur: Appreciate that. Thank you for the insights.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ruben Roy with Stifel.
Ruben Roy: Thank you. John, I wanted to ask a quick question, returning to the bookings pipeline and the strength there, great to hear that. But I know you said it was broad-based. Just wondering if we could drill into the hardware part of it, just a little bit more. I think historically, you've said that hardware visibility is a little limited relative to the rest of your business. I'm just wondering given that you have this new ramp, has that changed at all? Is your visibility on kind of hardware bookings extending at this point? Or is it kind of similar to the previous systems?
John Wall: Yeah. Great question. I mean, typically, on the hardware side, you've kind of got a two-quarter view of the pipeline. Opportunities tend to turn up in the pipeline about two quarters at most in advance of when the customer plans to put the hardware into production. Because often it's based on design projects that customers are starting, and then they might need a hardware emulation system for that project. and they know the project will be like this quarter or next quarter. But -- so typically, we have kind of a six-month view. Now at this time of the year, six months view is tremendous because there's a lot that happens in Q4 every year. Q4 is always a strong bookings quarter for us. By the time, we obviously with a strong pipeline and everything, we've got to convert a bunch of that, but you have a great history of converting that. But we'd like you to just let us convert that now in Q4, and we'll come back to you as soon as we close Q4 and give you an outlook on '25.
Ruben Roy: Understood. Thanks, John. And then a quick one, I hope for Anirudh. Just kind of thinking through what you said on some of the new AI kind of areas that you're working on, you mentioned NVIDIA and NIM, NeMo and I think your competitors talked a little bit about that. I imagine you would characterize that as a later phase AI revenue opportunity, but just wondering if you could maybe talk through how we should think about timing of when we might see some of those types of products at the market. And Also, you said that you're building custom applications. Are you getting inbound requests from customers like hyperscalers or otherwise for that type of AI feature set?
Anirudh Devgan: Well, one thing I would like to highlight is that is our JedAI platform. So it's an enterprise data and AI platform. And the way we go to market with that and it supports like multiple GenAI solution. So we become almost like LLM agnostic. We can plug in different -- and different customers will want like different kind of engines in there. But it becomes like a main deployment vehicles and it works with all our tools and all our major five AI platform. So we give that flexibility to us, depending on which -- some customers may want different kind of AI solutions there. And then that platform can also be used to customized, not just our solutions, but any customer-specific solutions can be deployed through JedAI and JedAI also works both on the cloud and on-prem because some customers, some really big customers don't want the AI to go to the cloud. So in that case, we have it on-prem. So I think JedAI and we have worked on this JedAI for several years, gives a unique position to Cadence to deploy these AI solutions and multiple kind of LLMs and ways to go to market.
Ruben Roy: Thank you, Anirudh.
Operator: Our next question comes from Siti Panigrahi with Mizuho.
Siti Panigrahi: Thanks for squeezing me in. And Anirudh, it's good to be on the call, just initiated coverage. So I want to keep it at a high level and really just for the interest of time, 1 question here. When I look at your three years revenue CAGR trend, it has been accelerating from single digit to now mid-teens. And Anirudh, you talked about so many growth drivers and even products, new products coming to market. I'm wondering how would you rank order this growth opportunity and product when you think about the growth in the foreseeable future? And what gives you that confidence to sustain this kind of double-digit revenue growth?
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you for the question. And also thank you for initiating coverage. I mean, as we have said before, I think one thing I just want to highlight is we are always looking at revenue growth, which has improved, like you mentioned, through a lot of these systemic drivers, but always at the same time, profitability, which has also improved and continues to improve every year. So -- and put that together, that, of course, delivers results to our shareholders. And even in Q3, right, not only we did better on revenue but also on profitability. So I think there are a lot of drivers, a lot of them driven by AI and then AI moving to the edge and our move into doing better in new areas like SD&A, but also IP. Like I mentioned, I'm optimistic about our IP business going forward. But at the same time, we put a focus on profitability. So we will continue to manage that going forward.
Siti Panigrahi: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Joshua Tilton with Wolfe Research.
Joshua Tilton: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing mine in. I want to start with a bit of a nuanced question, although I think it is important. John, you talked to how previously you have seen down years in China, but you've never seen two down years in a row. And I guess you mentioned your data driven, you looked at the historical numbers. But can you give us any sense of what helps to drive the recovery a year after you had a down year? And what I'm trying to get at is, do I have to believe in some type of bigger hardware demand or more upfront contribution or something along the lines of things that may not be recurring? Or is it just more a function of we had a weak year and there was a return to normal demand environment going forward? I guess I'm just trying to understand outside of history, what is similar this year versus the previous years where you've seen down years and why you don't expect to once again not see two [net holders in] (ph) a row.
John Wall: Yeah. Okay, thanks for the opportunity to provide a little bit more color. We look back over the last 25 years, and we've seen like tremendous momentum and design activity amongst our customer base, a growing customer base across China. There were only two previous years before this year where we saw a downtick in China revenue on a year-over-year basis. 2008, I know 2008 as somebody syncratic qualities to it. But 2008 also a year that we changed from an upfront revenue model to a ratable revenue model. And I think that's why it took a couple of years to get back to a new high in China. But then since then, it's only 2021. 2021 dipped -- China revenue dipped from 2020, but it recovered to a new high in 2022. Now incidentally, that was -- we launched new hardware systems. And we do find that there is a correlation between hardware revenue and China revenue. Hardware revenue tends to pull through more China revenue for us on the software side. And I think we're seeing a little bit of that this year in that the new hardware that's been launched is selling more and being delivered more outside of China. I would expect more of that to go to China next year, and it will help improve our software revenue. Also, if you look at this year, China dipped in Q1, but it's been recovering since Q2 has been higher, Q3 has been higher. And like I said, as hardware recovers out there, I think it will pull through more software revenue.
Joshua Tilton: Super helpful. And then just maybe 1 very quick follow-up. Any updates on what you guys are -- or just in general, what the contribution from BETA was in the quarter and if you're still on track or expecting $40 million for the full year or if we should expect more from your original?
John Wall: The -- so we're seeing a big contribution with BETA when you include the pull-through revenue that we're getting across for all our automotive customers as a result of selling traditional Cadence technology alongside BETA. But we're -- but it's a small tuck-in. We're not guiding BETA separately.
Joshua Tilton: Got it. Super helpful, guys. Thank you so much for squeezing me in.
John Wall: Great. Thank you.
Operator: I will now turn it back to Anirudh Devgan for closing remarks.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It's an exciting time for Cadence with strong business momentum and growing opportunities with semiconductor and system customers. We launched the Fem.AI initiative and committed to an initial investment of $20 million to lead the gender equity revolution in the AI workspace. This has also led through our Cadence Giving Foundation. With a world-class employee base, we continue delivering to our innovative roadmap and working hard to delight our customers and partners. On behalf of our Board of Directors, we thank our customers, partners and investors for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Brianna, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Richard Gu, Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Richard Gu: Thank you, operator. I'd like to welcome everyone to our second quarter of 2024 earnings conference call. I'm joined today by Anirudh Devgan, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Wall, Senior Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on our website, cadence.com. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements, including our outlook on future business and operating results. Due to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today's discussion. For information on factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, CFO commentary and today's earnings release. All forward-looking statements during this call are based on estimates and information available to us as of today and we disclaim any obligation to update them. In addition, we'll present certain non-GAAP measures, which should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for GAAP results. Reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. For the Q&A session today, we will ask that you observe a limit of one question and one follow-up. Now, I'll turn the call over to Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you, Richard. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Cadence delivered strong financial results for the second quarter of 2024, with broad based momentum across our product portfolio. Bookings were stronger than expected, leading to a healthy backlog and underscoring the robust demand for our innovative technologies. We exceeded our outlook on all key metrics and are updating our revenue guidance for the year to over 13% year-over-year growth. John will provide more details on both our Q2 results and updated outlook for the year. Generational trends such as hyperscale computing, 5G and autonomous driving, all underpinned by the AI super cycle, are driving strong design activity across multiple verticals, particularly in data center and automotive. Along with increasing chip complexity and system companies building their own silicon, these trends are creating tremendous tailwinds for our differentiated solutions. We are steadfastly executing to our intelligent system design strategy, extending our leadership in core EDA, while steadily expanding our footprint in the new system design analysis area. Customers are ramping-up their R&D spend in AI driven automation. Our Cadence.AI portfolio offering unparalleled quality of results and productivity benefits continues to gain momentum with orders more than tripling over the last year. Our solutions are enabling the massive AI infrastructure build out across the semi and system space. Additionally, we continue embedding AI in our EDA, SDA and digital biology solutions. In Q2, our long-term development partner, NVIDIA, broadly deployed Palladium Z3 to deliver to its next generation AI product roadmap, further solidifying Cadence's leadership in the industry. A marquee hyperscaler meaningfully expanded its partnership with Cadence in Q2, through a broad proliferation of our Cadence.AI EDA, SDA and hardware portfolio. The growing foundry ecosystem is driving increased design activity and creating significant opportunities for our industry leading products. And in Q2, we expanded our collaboration with several leading foundry partners. We announced that Cadence.AI digital and analog tools were optimized for Samsung's advanced node SF2 gate all around process, driving enhanced quality of results and accelerating node migration. We extended our long standing collaboration with TSMC, through a very comprehensive and innovative technology advancement, ranging from 3D-IC to design IP and photonics and providing optimized digital and analog full flows for TSMC's latest N2 process technologies. Our integrity 3D-IC platform is the industry's leading unified design, analysis and sign-up platform for multi-chiplet architectures. Integrity has been certified for all of TSMC's latest 3D fabric offerings and now has enabled several new features like hierarchical 3D-IC design. We also announced that integrity has been enabled for all of Samsung foundry's multi-die integration offerings accelerating the designer assembly of stack chiplets. Additionally, we released a complete Intel Foundry EMIB advanced packaging reference flow that is optimized to work seamlessly with Intel 18A technology. We are also collaborating with multiple foundries to optimize our industry leading IP cores for AI, HPC, mobile and automotive applications for their advanced process technology, so as to ensure seamless integration into customer designs. We saw strong momentum in our IP business with a delivering 25% year-over-year growth in Q2. As we executed to our profitable and scalable growth strategy, AI use cases, HPC and heterogeneous integration were the primary drivers fueling the demand for our HBM, PCIe, DDDR, 112 gig SerDes and UCIe products. We expanded our system IP portfolio with the addition of Cadence Janus Network on a chip solution, that manages high speed communications effectively with minimum latency, enabling customers to achieve their PPA targets faster and with lower risk. Emulation and prototyping have become mission-critical elements of chip design and software bring of flows. Following the launch of our market leading Z3 and X3 platforms, there is robust demand for these best-in-class systems, particularly by AI, hyperscale and automotive companies and we continue to ramp-up our production capacity accordingly. Verisium, our AI-driven verification platform, continued seeing rapid customer adoption with several market shaping customers, including Qualcomm, successfully using Verisium Sim AI for coverage maximization and achieving up to a 20x reduction in verification workload time. Our system design and analysis business continued its strong momentum in Q2, delivering 20% year-over-year revenue growth. As chiplet based architectures gained traction, our industry-leading integrity 3D-IC platform had increased adoption and expansion from large deployments at 5G hyperscale, memory and consumer customers. Our AI enabled Allegro X design platform, which is being rapidly adopted and driving competitive displacement as multiple aerospace and defense hyperscalers and EV customers take advantage of the platform's productivity and next generation capabilities. Allegro X's in design analysis capabilities are also driving a pull through of our Multiphysics analysis solutions. In Q2, a leading EV auto company forged a strategic partnership with Cadence, making a significant investment across the breadth of our Multiphysics portfolio. With the close of BETA CAE in Q2, we now offer a comprehensive Multiphysics platform covering electromagnetics, electrothermal, CFD and structural analysis solutions. Our digital IC and custom businesses delivered another solid quarter. Proliferation of our digital full flow at the most advanced nodes continued with close to 40 full flow wins over the last 12 months, especially at hyperscalers. With over 400 tapeouts, customers are increasingly relying on Cadence Cerebrus, the leading AI tool in the industry as it continues to deliver amazing PPA and productivity benefits. For example, Cadence Cerebrus has been delivering up to a 10% PPA gain for a global marquee systems company and is now deployed as part of the default flow for their latest designs at the most advanced nodes. Samsung foundry leveraged Cadence Cerebrus in both DTCO and implementation to achieve more than a 10% leakage power reduction on their SF2 gate all around platform. Socionext utilized SerDes closure and temper sign-off to reduce timing closure time by 73% and doubled productivity while reducing memory cost by 90%. Our AI driven Virtuoso Studio is the leading automated solution for analog and RF designs. And its new AI features allow much more efficient migration from one process node to another. Virtuoso Studio added 35 new logos in Q2, led by top hyperscalers, aerospace and defense and automotive customers. In summary, I'm pleased with our Q2 results and the continuing momentum of our business. The AI driven automation era offers massive opportunities and the co-optimization of our comprehensive EDA and SDA portfolio with accelerated computing and AI orchestration uniquely positions us to provide disruptive solutions to multiple markets. Now I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q2 results and our updated 2024 outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Anirudh, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report that Cadence delivered strong results for the second quarter of 2024, finishing the first half with backlog of approximately $6 billion. Also, we expanded our Multiphysics platform in Q2 by completing the acquisition of BETA CAE. Here are some of the financial highlights from the second quarter, starting with P&L. Total revenue was $1.061 billion. GAAP operating margin was 27.7% and non-GAAP operating margin was 40.1%, and GAAP EPS was $0.84 with non-GAAP EPS $1.28. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Cash balance at quarter end was $1.059 billion, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $1.350 billion. Operating cash flow was $156 million. DSOs were 49 days and we used $125 million to repurchase Cadence shares in Q2. Before I provide our updated outlook, I'd like to share some assumptions that are embedded. Our updated outlook includes BETA CAE and it contains the usual assumption that export control regulations that exist today, remain substantially similar for the remainder of the year. Our updated outlook for 2024 is revenue in the range of $4.6 billion to $4.66 billion. GAAP operating margin in the range of 29.7% to 31.3%. Non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 41.7% to 43.3%. GAAP EPS in the range of $3.82 to $4.02. Non-GAAP EPS in the range of $5.77 to $5.97. Operating cash flow in the range of $1 billion to $1.2 billion and we expect to use approximately 50% of our annual free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares. With that in mind, for Q3, we expect revenue in the range of $1.165 billion to $1.195 billion. GAAP operating margin in the range of 27.7% to 29.3%. Non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 40.7% to 42.3%. GAAP EPS in the range of $0.83 to $0.93 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.39 to $1.49. And as usual, we published a CFO commentary document on our Investor Relations website, which includes our outlook for additional items, as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, I am pleased with our strong Q2 results. We exceeded our outlook on all key financial metrics, a good finish to the first half and ongoing demand for our solutions sets us up for strong growth in the second half of 2024. As always, I'd like to close by thanking our customers, partners and our employees for their continued support. And with that, operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will open the line for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Charles Shi with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Charles Shi: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Anirudh and John, maybe the first question, I do want to ask a fairly big question -- a big picture one. So, you did pick up your outlook for the year, but some of that really comes from BETA CAE. But the broader question is the semiconductor -- global semiconductor sales, it's on-track to grow a lot faster, let's say, compared with you and even your peers synopsis and -- but this seems to me kind of like a reversal of the trend of the last three years when you actually did outgrow the semiconductors. But with so much AI being a big driver for semiconductors, we do wonder whether it's either through pricing or through some other measures Cadence can actually gain a little bit bigger piece of the pie from overall semiconductor, especially from AI? I don't know if you can provide some thoughts today. I'm not necessarily asking how to change the trend in terms of the value capture, but any thoughts would be great. Thanks.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Hi, Charles. Thanks for the question. I mean, first of all, I'd like to say that overall we are pleased with how we are performing. If you step back -- because you asked a longer term question, right, if you step-back, we will deliver we expect more than 13% revenue growth and about 42.5% operating margin. So, I think that's a best-in-class combination of both revenue growth and operating margin. And then if you look at our CAGR over last three years, which is one of our kind of favorite metrics, that's also performing pretty well in terms of growth and margin expansion. And you mentioned semi-cycle, I mean, it's encouraging to see that there is going to be growth this year, which it was not there last year. But as you all know, Charles, we are tied to the R&D spend more than the revenue of our customers. And, of course, if the revenue goes up, they're more likely to spend on R&D, but in general, the -- our customers, both system and semi-companies continue to spend on R&D and these are long-term projects. So, we'll see how that goes as the semiconductor revenue improves, but this is not instantaneous effect on R&D spend. There is always some lag sometimes. And so we will -- but we are encouraged to see the improvement in semi spending overall in a semiconductor revenue. So, I would like to say -- and you can see in our backlog also, we maintain a pretty healthy backlog. So, overall, I think things are performing well and this AI is broadening out. I mean, you know this well. AI is broadening out beyond datacenter, which we are glad to have great partnerships, two automotive, two more edge consumer devices like phones and PCs. So overall I feel pretty good about the industry and, of course, our position in it as the essential provider of design software.
Charles Shi: Got it. Maybe a quick follow up on China. It looks like China revenue is still pretty light in the second quarter. So, I recall you were thinking maybe China contribution is probably going to be slightly less than the mid-teens or 15% -- less than 15%. But even if -- let me assume the China revenue gets to like a 14%-ish, it still implies a little bit of a second half a reacceleration of the China revenue growth. Is that still the case or you think maybe compared with the three months ago, China actually may get a little bit weaker than you previously thought? Thanks.
John Wall: Thanks for the question, Charles. And that's -- I mean, regional revenue is notoriously hard to predict. I will say that at the midpoint of our current revenue guide, we only need China to get to 13% of overall revenue to be able to hit that midpoint. I mean, when you look at performance in Q2 and the first half, we had a very strong bookings first half, very pleased with customers' response to our new hardware systems. The IP and SG&A businesses continue to grow strongly. Core businesses continue to scale really well and we're focused on profitable revenue growth. I know in your first question, you indicated that we hadn't raised the outlook, but we did raise non-GAAP EPS by $0.06. We're very pleased with the improvement in profitability. And when you look at the current guide, we're actually on track for 50% incremental margin excluding the impact of BETA CAE now. BETA CAE is in our guide, but it's in our guide at what we previously communicated in the press release is $40 million of revenue and about $0.12 dilution to non-GAAP EPS. There is an impact to OP cash as a result of BETA CAE as well. But overall, very, very pleased. We thought it was prudent to assume lower China revenue for this year at the midpoint of our guide puts the -- but that's it. We only need 13% to get to the midpoint of guidance.
Charles Shi: Thanks, Anirudh and John for that additional color. I appreciate that.
Anirudh Devgan: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gianmarco Conti with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Gianmarco Conti: Yeah. Hi, there. Thank you so much for taking my questions. And so on my first one, could you talk a little bit about the implied Q4 ramp-up to 29% growth at the midpoint of guidance? And what is giving you the confidence in reaching the target? Is it mostly hardware visibility coming through or are there an unusually higher number of Q4 renewals that you're waiting for? Any color here would be great. Thank you.
John Wall: Yes, Gianmarco. I mean, there's no real change from what we said last quarter. I mean, it's effectively the shape of the revenue curve for the year. We're expecting upfront revenue -- a lot more upfront revenue in the second half, it's just the timing of shipments really that's -- upfront revenue typically comes from IP, hardware and to a lesser extent some software on the SG&A side. With the hardware, it takes time to build the systems, we have higher revenue in Q4 versus Q3 as a result. But also from IP, there is -- IP is -- we recognize revenue and IP based on the timing of deliveries. We're confident in that guide. It's just the shape of the -- shape of Q3 and Q4 is what we have in the guide now.
Gianmarco Conti: Okay. Great. So my follow up would be on hardware. And if you could talk a little bit about how much visibility you have actually in H2? And are you booking and delivering in the same quarter, hence, while we're not seeing a major uplift in backlog growth or is it -- is there a different dynamic to it? I'm trying to understand if you're booking manufacturing and delivering all in the same quarter for hardware essentially? Thank you.
John Wall: Thanks for the question. Yes, in some cases, on the newer systems, there is a timeline, a lead time to building the systems. We have more bookings than our ability to actually fulfill those bookings. But we do have some inventory of the older systems, we're able to deliver those in the quarter. So I mean, there's always a mix. We did have a challenge in the past with getting inventory and building the inventory as fast as we could for the demand. I think we've dealt with a lot of that. You'll also see in the OP cash guide, there is -- we're planning to purchase a significant amount of raw materials for building inventory in Q3. That's the biggest portion of the change in OP cash guys.
Anirudh Devgan: Also just to add on overall -- yeah, hey, just to add on the overall hardware cycle, as you remember, we launched new systems in April, just couple of months ago, few months ago now. And the response to them has been phenomenal. Actually, we -- these palladium, especially both palladium and protium, but these systems can design chips like I mentioned last time with capacity of 1 trillion transistors and the current's biggest chip is like 200 billion transistors, most of them are 100 billion or less. So we are 5x to 10x higher capacity than what is needed. So that should suit the industry well for next several years. And I'm also what pretty pleased about is that we delivered production deployments of our new systems to some very major customers. So we highlighted the NVIDIA, our development partner with a significant deployment of Z3, also one of the leading mobile system -- mobile companies in the world and one of the leading hyperscalers. So it's across multiple markets that we delivered our latest systems, which are performing exceedingly well. So that sets up very well for the future and also competitively. And we have a significant lead given the nature of our systems. It's a combination of -- protium is based on FPGA and then palladium is based on our own chip at advanced TSMC process. And Cadence is the only solution that does that and provides a unique value. So overall, I think hardware business is performing well. And as you know, these are multi-year upgrade cycles. So this is not all-in in '24. So we'll see how things go in '25 and '26.
Gianmarco Conti: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my questions. So on an absolute basis in fiscal '24, organic sales growth rate is robust. But in terms of revisions, it has stalled, right, essentially no real movement since what you suggested at the start of the year. So I'm curious, Anirudh, how has the year transpired versus what you thought and how do you think about bookings and backlog trends into the second half? Should we expect that backlog stays around the $6 billion? Will it start to pick up? Just I'm trying to understand that should we be thinking about sales accelerating from here or this being kind of the sustainable growth rate for the company?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Hi, Vivek. Good question. So in general, what I would like to say is, like we mentioned last two times, the shape of the curve this year is unique to Cadence, given multiple factors. This is not what we expected last two years. So this time it's more back end loaded for the reasons we mentioned before. So the guide is a little different and we are also given that shape of the curve more prudent in our guide like we were in Q2 and then we rather overachieve and deliver that and give the team flexibility to do the right business for the long term. So I think that's the difference this year versus last few years is given the shape of the curve, we have more prudence in our revenue guide like John mentioned and John can comment on the backlog expectations, yeah.
John Wall: Yeah. I mean we don't guide bookings, but we were very pleased with the strong bookings in the first half. And I get the question, Vivek. I mean, essentially, we're seeing a strong demand for our hardware systems. We're seeing strength across all our businesses. And I guess your question is that when you add in BETA CAE, you're not really taking the revenue guide up. I think essentially I mean if your question is what would we like to see improve, I think it's the China revenue percentage. It was 12% in Q1, 12% in Q2. It improved in Q2 over Q1 and we think it will continue to improve through the year. But right now, our guide only assumes -- only needs to get to 13% China to hit the midpoint of that guidance.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up, you mentioned BETA CAE quite a drag to EPS. I think you mentioned $0.12 dilution. And almost, I think what is like a $300 million hit to operating cash flows. Can you describe that acquisition a little more? And when does it start to become accretive to your financials? Thank you.
John Wall: So yes, Vivek. On the $300 million drop in operating cash, just to clarify that, about 40% of that $300 million drop is due to M&A. I mean, in things like BETA CAE, some of the purchase price, the geography of where the operating -- where the cash impact goes, it flows -- some of that payment flows through OP cash. The bigger portion of the impact on operating cash is our plan to purchase a lot of inventory raw materials for the hardware demand that we're seeing. We're pre-purchasing a lot of inventory. So you'll see our inventory spike in Q3 with all of the raw materials we're purchasing. We want to make sure that we have all the raw materials necessary to ramp-up the build out of our hardware systems. And then in relation to BETA CAE, there's -- I mean it's very recent acquisition. The -- it's no different to what we have in the press release. In fact, on the press release, we said we were expecting $40 million of revenue at the midpoint. That's embedded now in the guide. We're expecting $0.12 dilution on -- from our non-GAAP EPS, that's also in the guide now. And we expect it to be -- I mean, operationally, it will be accretive next year that there is some interest cost associated with the test that -- but we think it will be accretive next year.
Anirudh Devgan: Also, a couple of things to clarify. So one thing, this purchase of inventory for the hardware systems. I mean, that will be used over multiple years. It's not just for '24. So I think it's a one-time investment that pays for several years and that's a prudent decision to make to get the right kind of parts for the future. And then on BETA, it completes our system analysis portfolio to add structural analysis and it also strengthens our position in automotive. Of course, data center is a big vertical with all the AI super cycles. But I think one of the other exciting verticals is automotive with all this electrification and also AI getting added in the self-driving or driver assistance. So we see a lot of design activity in automotive. Also, automotive is also moving through chiplets and 3D-IC. So I think automotive has all the three tenants of our IST strategy. It has silicon content that is increasing and more and more system design, of course, is needed for the design of automotive. And AI for all the data and computational software. So for that reason, BETA CAE is -- completes our portfolio in automotive and positions us well in the future. And this is not just with the semiconductor companies doing automotive, but also the system companies now. OEMs doing more and more chip design, doing more of our system solutions. And I also want to highlight and congratulate McLaren. There was a big news this weekend. McLaren got one and two in Hungarian F1 and we have been working with them for last few months and years and it's good to see them do well as we deploy. So I think the automotive solution that we are driving is a combination of silicon system and then AI and we are seeing the results of that through organic and inorganic expansion.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Tilton with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Joshua Tilton: Hey, guys. Can you hear me?
John Wall: Loud and clear, Josh.
Joshua Tilton: Great. The first one is just kind of more of a clarification. I know there's been a lot of questions around the mix in upfront first recurring. I guess what I'm just trying to understand is -- and I could be wrong with my math here, but it feels like it was -- the upfront component was still a little light in 2Q and now we're a little bit more second half weighted, more 4Q weighted because you need time to develop inventory. Am I thinking about that the right way?
John Wall: That's fair, Josh. I would do the inverse on you in terms of bookings were stronger than we expected in Q2 and we got some uplift in recurring revenue. It took a bit of pressure off on the upfront side that -- and we are -- I mean, we're taking orders. We've got strong demand for the hardware and we're building those hardware systems as quickly as we can, particularly the newer hardware orders. IP is doing really well and system design and analysis is doing really well. And what we've reflected in the guide is our expectation of how much of that revenue will fall in Q3 and Q4. We took the opportunity, we really derisked the guide for the year by reducing our expectations for China. Upfront, we still expect to be in a range of 80% to 85%, but I think we might get slightly more recurring revenue as a result of the strong bookings in the first half.
Joshua Tilton: That makes super clear. And then I guess just my follow up to that is and I guess it's another visibility question, but how much of what's baked into the guide from an upfront perspective? Do you feel like you have like good inventory levels to meet that guidance or does the guidance that you put out today still require you to build and develop inventory between now and shipping those boxes?
John Wall: Yes. But it's -- we definitely need to build hardware and you'll see the impact on our inventory in Q3 with the amount of raw materials we're purchasing. But as Anirudh says, that's a one-time thing that we're doing to try and get raw materials and to build those systems quickly as we can. But the -- a lot of the upfront revenue in the second half comes from the strength in our IP business and we have those orders in backlog and it's just a case of executing against those. We also have some SD&A, our system design analysis upfront revenue that's scheduled to occur in Q3 and Q4. Again, most of that is from orders in the system. On the hardware side, it's kind of mid to high-single digits is what we were expecting the SPG Group to deliver to be able to hit the midpoint of that guidance.
Joshua Tilton: Super helpful. And then just -- but just a quick follow up is, really often to see the recurring revenue growing sequentially this quarter. Is there any way you can maybe help us on what the expected recurring versus upfront mix is supposed to be in 3Q? And then I'll see the floor.
John Wall: I don't have that to hand, but just let me come back to that. Let's see if I can dig it out here.
Joshua Tilton: Thanks, guys. Congrats.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ruben Roy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Ruben Roy: Yes. Thank you. John, just a very quick question and then I guess a follow up and then I'll ask a real question. But on the inventory purchases, is -- am I right in assuming that that's mostly for the Z3/X3? And has anything changed in terms of when you're thinking about general availability of those hardware products?
John Wall: Yes, that's correct. But the vast majority of the purchases are to -- to get raw materials to help build those new systems.
Ruben Roy: And then in terms of the time?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Just to clarify, I mean, also -- I mean, we have two systems, right? So, palladiums, we design ourselves and we manufacture the chip in TSMC and protium. We also design ourselves, but the silicon itself is primarily from AMD with Xilinx FPGAs. So, a lot of this purchase is for X3s and the FPGAs and that should serve us for multiple years. On Z3, like we said, we are already shipping them and they already deployed in production this quarter. So, I think Z3 is slightly different than X3 in terms of the mix of the silicon content, just to clarify that.
Ruben Roy: Yeah. Okay. I apologize, Anirudh. I thought they were going to sort of certain customers not generally available. But thank you for that. And then the real question just around -- some of your top customers have been accelerating the rhythm of bringing sort of their very complex chips to market. NVIDIA and AMD certainly have accelerated their roadmaps to sort of a one year rhythm. Are you seeing any changes in sort of the way your business is impacted or affected kind of by the acceleration of their product roadmaps yet?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, I would like to -- I think we're seeing more and more design activity like you said the rhythm or the Cadence of the products. And also different kind of chips. It's not just that big data center chips, but even within them, there is more and more customization. Of course, the hyperscalers doing their own silicon. And then now we talked about our partnership with, for example, Qualcomm and they are doing a consumer or edge laptop AI devices. So, the amount of AI is also spreading to other verticals, not just obvious, the big one on data center and data center design is accelerating. And I think when we look at it, we still see that the data center part of AI still should accelerate, at least the visibility we have for next couple of years, so we'll see how that goes. And therefore -- and the other thing is automotive -- automotive takes normally a little longer, but we're already seeing design activity and the deployment may be few years down, maybe after data center. And then consumer and PCs already starting with phones and laptops. So, overall we do see accelerating deployment of AI through the whole semiconductor ecosystem. And we are very proud of our position in it, whether it's 3D-IC, whether it is data center chips, whether it's our own AI products, we are winning almost all kind of engagements on all -- on our kind of Cadence.AI portfolio. So, overall we do see more and more design and deployment of AI infrastructure and our own AI product.
Ruben Roy: Yeah. And if I could just come back to Josh's question, sorry, if I could just come back to Josh's question on the revenue mix for Q3 that for recurring revenue, we expect -- sorry, 80% to 85% of revenue to be recurring for the year and Q3 includes the middle of that range and then the balance is Q4, so you can do the math and work out what the upfront piece is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Anirudh, the question about the evolution of the product portfolio for EDA generally and perhaps for SG&A specifically. What I'd like to ask about is how you're thinking about packaging the products? Over the last year, you've introduced a couple of products with the term Studio in the name. And I'm wondering if you're thinking about more and more bundling or packaging of that kind via that nomenclature for the EDA products and then specifically for SG&A? And now that you do have multiple codes, how are you thinking about packaging or integrating across the various simulation codes that you've assembled now in acquisition? Then I'll ask my follow-up.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Hi, Jay. Good question. So, I mean, as you know, in EDA when we go to lower nodes, there is more integrated solutions which are required, whether it's digital or analog or verification. And that is further accelerated by use of AI. So, like Cerebrus, for example, in digital will integrate not just place and route, but also synthesis and sign-off. So, I think that trend is definitely there. And same thing with Verisium, our leading AI product for verification also integrates the four major verification platforms we have. So, it is more and more platform driven approach. And we can do that now with SD&A now that we have a complete portfolio. And we mentioned like a leading EV company like OEM, one of the leading -- the most advanced EV companies deployed our entire portfolio. So as we have a bigger portfolio in SD&A, it does let us do what we have always done in EDA, focus on solutions, not just on individual products and integrate solutions with our own kind of native integrations, whether it's analog, digital verification and now with SD&A.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: All right. As follow up, I know it's still quite early in the propagation of AI and ML by you and your peers to the customers, but are you beginning to see any commonality or convergence towards a relatively small number of use cases that customers are mostly employing the tools for? And then relatedly, are you also seeing AIML adoption having any meaningful effect on your services revenue?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Jay. So what I would like to say is that the number of use cases I see is increasing at this point. I mean, of course, one of the biggest use case that we started with was digital implementation since it is so kind of heavy kind of design process. So automating the digital implementation process was huge benefit. And we talked even this quarter Cerebrus being deployed at one of the leading system companies for the default flow also used by Samsung. Also you see verification be used by Qualcomm. So I think what is happening in that Cerebrus or the implementation use case, two things. One is that it is going not just for design, but also for DTCO, design technology co-optimization and also for higher level in the design process like floor planning and 3D-IC exploration. So it's all not just for implementation of the design, but also for architecture and exploration. And the other thing is like there is more workflow automation. As customers get used to Cerebrus, they are using it not just towards the end of the design process, they're using it right from the beginning throughout the design process. So it allows us to do more workflow automation. And Cerebrus has also evolved to allow much more of an entire workflow rather than a specific implementation use case. And then same thing is happening in terms of more and more use cases, for example, packaging. Allegro X is doing pretty well. And recently one of the leading customers in 3D-IC used its capability to automate, for example, routing for automating placement, which was not there before in PCB and package design. So overall, I do think it's maturing of the workflows. And then with this LLMs and Gen AI, we have kind of several workflows for taking spec to RTL and we highlighted some of them last quarter. So I actually do see finally that in the -- we are always kind of building out the AI infrastructure, these big companies designing chips. But I do see now there is a turning point in deployment of AI for the design process with the initial workflow being Cerebrus and digital implementation now to expanding to LLM based art, spec -- expanding to DTCO, expanding to 3D-IC, of course, expanding to analog, packaging, verification. And we do have the most comprehensive AI portfolio in terms of all five major kind of product lines. So actually, it's a pretty encouraging view compared to a year ago.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you, Anirudh. Thank you, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Is the bookings profile for the full year still expected to be 40% first half, 60% second half? Because if it is, then that would imply book-to-bill greater than 1 for the full year, total backlog up about 9% this year to about $6.5 billion. But, I guess, how much of that backlog is due to the BETA CAE acquisition? What I'm just trying to figure out is ex BETA CAE, if core cadence orders and backlog are expected to be up this year, which would continue the strong sort of six to seven year trend of increasing orders and backlog for the team?
John Wall: Yes, it's hard. And again, like I say, it's -- we're not guiding bookings, but we were very, very pleased with the strong first half for bookings. The BETA CAE contribution to backlog is very, very small. It's immaterial because BETA CAE, their revenue is upfront. So that's the upfront piece of the business rather than the recurring revenue. But yeah, we're very pleased. I mean, you can typically expect us to always be driving for a book-to-bill of greater than 1, but we don't guide. We don't guide bookings though.
Harlan Sur: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. Anirudh, there's a pretty interesting dynamic with your memory customers, right? They're big customers of your custom product family Virtuoso, but they are moving more and more to advanced digital design, right? The HBM control logic chip, for example, is moving to leading edge technologies and advanced chip design. Similarly, with some of your NAND customers, they're moving towards more of this sort of bonded CMOS periphery to array. The periphery chip again is also moving towards advanced digital design as well. So are you starting to see more adoption of your advanced digital implementation and verification products by your memory customers? And then does the leadership in memory via Virtuoso sort of give you an advantage as they bring on more advanced logic design capabilities?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Harlan. That's a great observation and we are fortunate to have very deep and long standing partnership with all the major memory companies. At least there are three big ones and then maybe two the next level. But overall, we are -- given our strength, like you mentioned in Virtuoso, which is the platform for choice for all memory implementation. And yes, there is a lot more digital and implementation design happening at memory companies, primarily driven by HBM and other trends. And actually also there is some kind of -- I mean, they were always doing -- they were always doing digital, but it's lot more now. And there is trend of even integrating TSMC's technologies with kind of memory. And given our strong partnership with TSMC, that also helps us with the memory companies. And as you know, they are also doing a lot more 3D-IC, all the three big memory companies and these memory layers are going from -- they're actually one of the most advanced 3D-IC with the memory layers going from 8 to 12 and that also plays to our strengths. And even in my prepared remarks, I mentioned, for example, our partnership with Samsung and 3D-IC. And then so is true with the other kind of two major players in memory. So we are pleased in our position in memory and the emerging trends of HBM and 3D-IC integration and we'll see how that progresses. But I think memory is often overlooked in -- I don't need to tell you, but just in general, memory is often overlooked in the big AI super-cycle. It's not the big chips, logic chips, but memories play a very essential role and we are very well-positioned both with the leaders like NVIDIA on the logic side and then we highlighted Samsung and the other big memory players in general.
Harlan Sur: Thank you for the insights.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. So lots of questions so far on the hardware timing. But I think, John, on prior calls, you said that the hardware delivery times typically are like eight to 10 weeks, that's what it is for like a normal cycle. But are you saying the lead times for the Z3/X3 are longer than this because the demand is much better than what you're seeing?
John Wall: Demand is strong. Demand is strong. What I was trying to point out was that we do have inventory of the older systems that we can deliver right away. The newer systems we're having to build them as quickly as we can because the orders are coming in faster than we can build them. So the lead times is a bit of a moving target in that respect. We are planning to purchase a lot of raw materials and build as quickly as we can in Q3. So you'll see a significant uptick in our inventory balance at the end of Q3.
Jason Celino: Okay. No, that's helpful. And then just a clarification, I think you were saying like the SDA group to hit your guide needed to do like mid to high-single digit growth with -- I'm not familiar with FDG, is that the functional verification kind of guide for the year? And then if you're parsing out, like does that imply like what do we need to see on IP since that's the other upfront component to hit the guide? Thanks.
John Wall: Yeah. That's fair. That's -- yeah, IP is having a really, really strong year as is system design analysis, that'll be our two fastest growers for the year. And then again, there's some upfront revenue from them. It's more weighted towards Q4 versus Q3. So, we have the shape of the curve is really driving our guide and I would clarify -- I would categorize it as prudent. Anirudh, would you add anything?
Anirudh Devgan: No. That's right, John. And sorry for the acronym. SVG is System Verification Group. So, when we say SVG, that means verification. Yeah. So, I think that's what John was implying. Verification should grow, but right now, we are not assuming massive growth in verification for this year, but it should grow compared to last year. And then like you mentioned, some of the upfront revenue is also IP. If you remember, we highlighted in Q1, a new partnership with Intel and they are -- we are deploying our IP portfolio for the Intel process. So, it takes time to do that and deliver to that and some of it is in Q3 and Q4. And also this time, we talked about our expansion partnership with Intel on both on EMIB, their packaging and 3D-IC platform and 18A, just to clarify.
Jason Celino: Very good stuff. And, yeah, thanks for the lingo acronym help, Anirudh. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lee Simpson with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Lee Simpson: Great. Thanks for fitting me in and well done in a good quarter. Just wanted to get some clarification. I don't know if I heard correctly, but I think I heard you say that a mobile OEM had taken the Z3 platform. And if that's the case, do you have a sense for what the emulation work might be? Would it be for chips on device or would it be for chips both on device and perhaps in, let's say, a network situation? Thanks.
Anirudh Devgan: Well, good question. We don't comment on individual customer or specific customer use cases, but in general, these hardware systems, as you know, are used both for chip design and for system software bring up. So, both use cases are there and we are the leading platform given Palladium and Protium and this is true for all -- even in the AI use case, even in the data center AI use case, lot of it is for software development. Actually Palladium is a platform for choice to even our AI chip customers to give a model to their customers because even before they have a chip, they can give a Palladium model to see how it performs. So, it's both for chip design and also for system design and system software. And that's true for multiple major verticals, data center, mobile, automotive, these things. Yes, thank you.
Lee Simpson: Yeah. Thanks. Just on those multiple verticals, if we look at the incidence of 3D-ICs coming through, I get the sense that that's starting to hit the tape now in automotive. You have mentioned EV companies as a collaboration of late, but you have mentioned a number of chip makers also. I wonder if it's possible at this point or even if it's relevant to just maybe talk about the split between the customers? Are we talking system customers, i.e., OEMs and Tier-1s in the majority right now or is it still major semis, chip makers for the automotive work? Thanks.
Anirudh Devgan: So, great question. So, first to -- yes, like you correctly pointed out, I think the 3D-IC is a lot more prevalent in automotive than, let's say, six to 12 months ago. And, of course, the original Genesis is HPC and data center AI, but now all these chiplets and 3D-IC platforms are moving to automotive, okay. And I think over-time, we'll move to other verticals like consumer. They already moved to laptop, for example. Several of the laptop chips are 3D-IC, but I think that will be the progression. It will gradually go to all verticals, but definitely active in automotive. Because, as you know, with the chiplet architecture, the customer doesn't have to redesign all the chips and also they can use some standard chips and have some specific chips which are more value added for them and that's particularly true in automotive as each OEM wants to differentiate versus the other OEM. So, this trend is not just for semi-companies to your question, it's also there in OEMs. And I think actually it'll be more -- I do think that the 3D-IC trend makes even more sense for end OEMs because then they're able to customize and differentiate versus the other. So, we are seeing that and we are seeing that in other geographies as well because as you know, China is pretty strong in EVs and then US and then Japan, there's a lot of activity. So, overall, I think automotive, there is more activity on 3D-IC, including both semi and end OEMs.
Lee Simpson: Great. Thanks, Anirudh. Great color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Clarke Jeffries with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Clarke Jeffries: Hello. Thank you for taking the question. My first question is, Anirudh, how do you expect the delivery of these third generation systems to translate to additional software consumption in the recurring revenue portfolio? These products are happening with verification acceleration software bring up, but how do you see that additional consumption panning out after the delivery of a new ZRX system? And then I have one follow-up.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Great question. I mean, like what John was saying, when we say SVG, System Verification Group, so hardware is part of that group. Even though hardware is a significant business, we organize as part of verification. And one of the big reasons for that is apart from -- in verification, apart from the hardware systems, we have a lot of other verification products which are doing pretty well like Jasper for formal verification, Xcelium for logic stimulation. And the customer is looking for an integrated solution on verification. To the earlier question that Jay had about what is happening in SDA, in EDA, we always have believed for last several years that it's going to be integrated solution in verification. So, the stronger our hardware products get, we do expect it should help our software verification products, things like Xcelium and Jasper and Verisium because lot of -- some of the hardware capacity is also used for what is called sim accel, simulation acceleration in which they use Palladium to accelerate logic simulation. So, there is a natural tie in between verification software products and verification hardware products. Now exactly how it pans out, we just have to see, but the strength in hardware should help us in our overall portfolio strength.
Clarke Jeffries: Perfect. And then one follow-up for John. I think just to kind of finally put a cap on the whole discussion around timing. I guess, then is it fair to say that sort of $600 million odd of upfront revenue in the second half, maybe a majority of that is coming from IP and SG&A and not necessarily the Gen 3 systems and that maybe the interpretation is that there's going to be more of a demand curve in the beginning of '25 rather than this $600 million being strongly driven by third gen Palladium and Protium. Is that a fair takeaway?
John Wall: No. I think that is, Clarke. Yeah. That's exactly right. I mean, we always knew that it would take time to build the hardware system. So, we originally included that in our guide in the first place.
Clarke Jeffries: All right. Perfect. Thank you for taking the questions.
Operator: Our final question comes from Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Thanks for fitting me in. I did want to follow up to stay with verification and just this raw material investment. So, the thing I'm trying to reconcile is, I would imagine you entered this year expecting the new platform, strong demand, meeting the scale production and therefore invest in inventory. So, I guess, I'm wondering what changed in the quarter that warranted this updated assumption for cash flow and raw material purchase? And really at the heart of the question, did something change about your hardware demand expectation, not necessarily for 2024, but maybe out into 2025 and we just happen to be getting that news now because of the need to update your cash from OPs forecast associated with the inventory input?
John Wall: Yeah. That's a great question, Joe. I mean, the leaders of that business, I spent plenty of time with them this last quarter because they were monitoring what the demand was like for the new systems. Demand is quite strong. And then the key thing to highlight here is it's a one-time multi-year purchase of inventory raw materials. They feel very, very confident in the longevity of these systems and the longevity of that demand. And they wanted to pre-purchase multi-years of inventory in Q3. Now that was news to us, if you like. So we thought that one-time thing we wanted to include it all now in Q3 and not impact -- that doesn't impact next -- I mean, it will be favorable for next year's operating cash.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Great. Then lastly, you mentioned at the start, orders for Cadence.AI tripled year-over-year. I don't think that's possible without also getting a lift in the base business, both across EDA and SD&A. I guess, on an ACV run rate basis, what has the AI lineup meant for Cadence overall? And does this create a step up in value where as you start pulling these contracts from backlog in coming quarters, it will become more noticeable in revenue and we'll kind of see the AI contribution more than we have to this point?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Good question. I mean AI is adding the -- like I was mentioning before, I mean, it's almost become like table stakes now. So all our new contracts include our Cadence.AI portfolio as customers get more and more kind of used to using them. And once you start using the AI portfolio, it's difficult to go back to not using them. So without getting into like what happens exactly to future revenues and bookings, we are always cautious about that. But, in general, there is uptick with more customers deploying AI. And whenever we have new contracts, we are including them as it makes sense in them.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: I will now turn the call back to Anirudh Devgan for closing remarks.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It's an exciting time for Cadence with strong business momentum and growing opportunities with semiconductor and system customers. With a world class employee base, we continue in delivering to our innovative roadmap and working hard to delight our customers and partners. On behalf of our Board of Directors, we thank our customers, partners and investors for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Regina and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Richard Gu, Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Richard Gu : Thank you, operator. I'd like to Welcome everyone to our First Quarter of 2024 Earnings Conference Call. I'm joined today by Anirudh Devgan, President and Chief Executive Officer and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on our website cadence.com. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements, including our outlook on future business and operating results. Due to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today's discussion. For information on factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, CFO Commentary, and today's earnings release. All forward-looking statements during this call are based on estimates and information available to us as of today, and we disclaim any obligation to update them. In addition, we'll present certain non-GAAP measures which should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for GAAP results. Reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. For the Q&A session today, We would ask that you observe a limit of one question and one follow-up. Now I'll turn the call over to Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan : Thank you, Richard. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Cadence had a strong start to the year delivering solid results for the first quarter of 2024. We came in at the upper end of our guidance range on all key financial metrics and are raising our financial outlook for the year. We exited Q1 with a better than expected record backlog of $6 billion, which sets us up nicely for the year and beyond. John will provide more details in a moment. Long-term trends of hyperscale computing, autonomous driving, and 5G, all turbocharged by AI super-cycle, are fueling strong broad-based design activity. We continue to execute our long-standing Intelligent system design strategy as we systematically build out our portfolio to deliver differentiated end-to-end solutions to our growing customer base. Technology leadership is foundational to Cadence and we are excited by the momentum of our product advancement over the last few years, and the promise of our newly unveiled products. Generative AI is reshaping the entire chip and system development process. And our Cadence.AI portfolio provides customers with the most comprehensive and impactful solutions for chip-to-systems intelligent design acceleration. Built upon AI-enhanced core design engines, our GenAI solution boosted by foundational LLM co-pilot are delivering unparalleled productivity, quality of results and time to market benefit for our customers. Last week at CadenceLIVE Silicon Valley, several customers including Intel, Broadcom, Qualcomm, Juniper, and Arm shared their remarkable successes with solutions in our Cadence.AI portfolio. Last week, we launched our third-generation dynamic duo, the Palladium Z3 emulation and Protium X3 prototyping platform to address the insatiable demand for higher performance and increased capacity hardware accelerated verification solutions. Building upon the successes of the industry leading Z2, X2 systems, this new platform set a new standard of excellence, delivering more than twice the capacity and 50% higher performance per rack than the previous generation. Palladium Z3 is powered by our next generation custom processor and was designed with Cadence AI tools and IP. The Z3 system is future proof with its massive 48 billion gate capacity, enabling emulation of the industry's largest design for the next several generations. The Z3 X3 systems have been deployed at select customers and were endorsed by Nvidia, Arm and AMD at launch. We also introduced the Cadence Reality Digital Twin Platform which virtualizes the entire data center and uses AI, high-performance computing, and physics-based simulation to significantly improve data center energy efficiency by up to 30%. Additionally, Cadence's cloud native molecular design platform Orion will be supercharged with Nvidia's BioNemo and Nvidia microservices for drug discovery to broaden therapeutic design capabilities and shorten time to trusted results. In Q1, we expanded our footprint at several top tier customers and furthered our relationship with key ecosystem partners. We deepened our partnership with IBM across our core EDA and systems portfolio, including a broad proliferation of our digital, analog and verification software and expansion of our 3D-IC packaging and system analysis solutions. We strengthened our collaboration with Global Foundry through a significant expansion of our EDA and system solutions that will enable GF to develop key digital analog RF/MM-Wave and silicon photonics design for aerospace and defense IoT and automotive end-markets. We announced a collaboration with Arm to develop a chiplet-based reference design and software development platform to accelerate software-defined vehicle innovation. We also further extended our strategic partnership with Dassault Systems, integrating our AI-driven PCB solution with Dassault's 3DEXPERIENCE Works portfolio, enabling up to a 5x reduction in design turnaround time for solid work customers. Now let's talk about our key highlights for Q1. Increasing system complexity and growing hyperconvergence between the electrical, mechanical, and physical domain is driving the need for tightly integrated co-design and analysis solutions. Our System Design and Analysis business delivered steady growth as our AI-driven design optimization platforms integrated with our physics-based analysis solution, continued delivering superior results across multiple end markets. Over the past six years, we have methodically built out our system analysis portfolio. And with the signing of the definitive agreement to acquire BETA CAE, are now extending it to structural analysis, thereby unlocking a multi-billion dollar TAM opportunity. BETA CAE is leading solutions have a particularly strong footprint in the automotive and aerospace verticals, including at customers such as Stellantis, General Motors, Renault, and Lockheed Martin. Our Millennium supercomputing platform, delivering phenomenal performance and scalability for high fidelity simulation is ramping up nicely. In Q1, a leading automaker expanded its production deployment of Millennium to multiple groups after a successful early access program in which it realized tremendous performance benefits. Allegro X continued its momentum and is now deployed at well over 300 customers. While Allegro X AI, the industry's first fully automated PCB design engine, is enabling customers to realize significant 4 times to 10 times productivity gain. Samsung used Celsius Studio to uncover early design and analysis insights to precise and rapid thermal simulation for 2.5D and 3D packages, attaining up to a 30% improvement in product development time. And a leading Asian mobile chip company use optimality intelligence system explorer AI technology and Clarity 3D Solver obtaining more than 20 times design productivity improvement. Ever-increasing complexities in the system verification and software bring-up continue to propel the demand of our functional verification products. With hardware accelerated verification, now a must have part of the customer design flow. On the heels of a record year, our hardware products continue to proliferate at existing customers, while also gaining some notable competitive wins, including at a leading networking company and at a major automotive semiconductor supplier. Demand for hardware was broad-based with the particular strengths seen at hyperscalers and over 85% of the orders during the quarter included both platforms. Our Verisium platform that leverages big data and AI to optimize verification workloads, boost coverage and accelerate root cause analysis of bugs saw accelerating customer adoption. At CadenceLIVE Silicon Valley, Qualcomm said that they used Verisium [Stem AI] (ph) to increase total design coverage automatically while getting up to a 20x reduction in verification workload runtime. Our Digital IC business had another solid quarter as our digital full flow continued to proliferate at the most advanced nodes. We had strong growth at hyperscalers, and over 50 customers have deployed our digital solutions on three nanometer and below design. Cadence Cerebrus, which leverages Gen.AI to intelligently optimize the digital full flow in a fully automatic manner now has been used in well over 350 tapeouts. Delivering best in class PPA and productivity benefits, it's fast becoming integral part of the design flow at marquee customers, as well as in DTCO flows for new process nodes at multiple foundries. In custom IC business, Virtuoso Studio, delivering AI-powered layout automation and optimization continued ramply, strongly, and 18 of the top 20 semi have migrated to this new release in its first year. Our IP business continued to benefit from market opportunities offered by AI and multi-chiplet based architecture. We are seeing strong momentum in interface IPs that are essential to AI use cases, especially HBM, DDR, UCIe, and PCIe at leading edge nodes. In Q1, we partnered with Intel Foundry to provide design software and leading IP solutions at multiple Intel-advanced nodes. Our TenSilica business reached a major milestone of 200 software partners in the Hi-Fi ecosystem, the de facto standard for automotive infotainment and home entertainment. And we extended our partnership with one of the top hyperscalers in its custom silicon SOC design with our Xtensa NX controller. In summary, I'm pleased with our Q1 results and the continuing momentum of our business. [Piling] (ph) chip and system design complexity and the tremendous potential of AI-driven automation, offer massive opportunities for our computational software to help customer realize these benefits. In addition to our strong business results, I'm proud of our high-performance inclusive culture and thrilled that Cadence was named by Fortune and Great Place to Work as one of the 2024's 100 best companies to work for, ranking number 9. Now I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q1 results and our updated 2024 outlook.
John Wall : Thanks, Anirudh, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report that Cadence delivered strong results for the first quarter of 2024. First quarter bookings were a record for Q1 and we achieved record Q1 backlog of approximately $6 billion. A good start to the year coupled with some impressive new product launches, sets us up for strong growth momentum in the second half of 2024. Here are some of the financial highlights from the first quarter starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $1.009 billion. GAAP operating margin was 24.8% and non-GAAP operating margin was 37.8%. GAAP EPS was $0.91 and non-GAAP EPS was $1.17. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, cash balance at quarter end was [$1.012 billion] (ph). While the principal value of debt outstanding was $650 million. Operating cash flow was $253 million. DSOs were 36 days and we used $125 million to repurchase Cadence shares in Q1. Before I provide our updated outlook, I'd like to share some assumptions that are embedded in our outlook. Given the recent launch of our new hardware systems, we expect the shape of hardware revenue in 2024 to weigh more toward the second half, as our team works to build inventory of the new system. Our updated outlook does not include the impact of our [pending] (ph) BETA CAE acquisition and it contains the usual assumption that export control regulations that exist today remain substantially similar for the remainder of the year. Our updated outlook for fiscal 2024 is revenue in the range of $4.56 billion to $4.62 billion. GAAP operating margin in the range of 31% to 32%. Non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 42% to 43%. GAAP EPS in the range of $4.04 to $4.14. Non-GAAP EPS in the range of $5.88 to $5.98. Operating cash flow in the range of $1.35 billion to $1.45 billion. And we expect to use at least 50% of our annual free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares. With that in mind, for Q2 we expect revenue in the range of $1,030 million to $1,050 million. GAAP operating margin in the range of 26.5% to 27.5%. Non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 38.5% to 39.5%. GAAP EPS in the range of $0.73 to $0.77. Non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.20 to $1.24. And as usual, we've published a CFO commentary document on our investor relations website, which includes our outlook for additional items, as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In summary, Cadence continues to lead with innovation and is on track for a strong 2024 as we execute to our intelligent system design strategy. I'd like to close by thanking our customers, partners, and our employees for their continued support. And with that operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just to start with your outlook for the year. Can you perhaps provide maybe your second half assumption before this quarter versus where it stands today in terms of just recalibrating around delivery schedules and maybe a good way to frame it, I think in the past you gave a share of this year's revenue that was going to come from upfront products. Is that still the right range? But if it is the right range, you can obviously see more is going to end up landing in the second half. And so that kind of puts to your original views or how is that, I guess, skewed relative to what might have been the expectation a quarter ago?
John Wall: That's a great question, Joe. And I think you've hit on the main point there that upfront revenue is driving a lot of the quarter-over-quarter trends this year. That -- when I look at last year, you recall that we had a large backlog of hardware orders and we dedicated 100% of the production, hardware production in Q1 to deliver that hardware in Q1 2023. As a result, in Q1 2023, 20% of our Q1 ‘23 revenue was from upfront revenue sources. That in contrast, Q1 this year, it's only 10% of the total revenue for this Q1 is coming from upfront revenue. But again, last year, and to reflect on where we thought we were this time last quarter, that we still expect that upfront revenue will probably be 15% to 20%. I mean, around the midpoint there is 17.5% in expectation for upfront revenue this year. And a midpoint of say 82.5% for recurring revenue. That's still the same as what we thought this time last quarter. That contrast with last year was I think 16% of our revenue was upfront last year. And to put dollar terms on it, last year $650 million of our revenue was upfront. This year, we're expecting roughly $800 million to be upfront. But the first half versus first half, last year, we had $350 million in the first half and $300 million in the second half because we had prioritized all those shipments in hardware and it skewed the numbers toward the first half last year. So $350 million and $300 million ending with the $650 million of upfront revenue last year. This year it looks more like $250 million and $550 million at the back end. But I know that's largely as a result of, we had a record backlog, our record bookings quarter in Q1. We've got a substantial backlog in IP that we're scaling up to deliver, a lot of that revenue falls into the second half. And also we launched these new hardware systems last week. Hardware revenue is expected to be more second half weighted now, because based on what we've heard, and I'll let Anirudh chime in here on the technical aspects of the new hardware systems, but we expect them to be so popular that a lot of demand will shift to those new hardware systems and we'll have to ramp up production to be able to deliver that demand. So it shifts some of the upfront revenue to the second half. So I think upfront revenue is really driving a lot of the skewed metrics. Anirudh, do you want to talk about Z3?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, absolutely. So we are very proud of the new systems we launched. As you know, we are a leader in hardware-based emulations with Z2 X2. And last time we launched them was in 2021. So that was like a six-year cycle. You know Z1 X1 was 2015 and then Z2 X2 was 2021. So what I'm particularly pleased about is, we have a major, major refresh, you know, it's a game-changing product, but it was also developed in only three years. So in 2024, we have a new refresh and it's a significant leap in terms of capacity. And even last week at our CadenceLIVE conference, Nvidia and Jensen talked about how they use Z2 to design their latest chip like Blackwell. And it's also used by all the major silicon companies and system companies to design their chips. But what is truly exciting about Z3 and X3 is this a big leap, it’s like Z3 is 4 times or 5 times more capacity than Z2. It's a much higher performance. So it sets us up nicely for next several years to be able to design the several generations of the world's largest chips. So that's the right thing to do. And the reason we can do it in three years versus six years is, we use our own design internally in Cadence for TSMC advanced node. So we're using all our latest tools, all the latest AI tools, we are using all our IP. There's a very good validation of our own capabilities that we can accelerate our design process, but really sets up hardware verification and overall verification flow for using the new systems. Now, as a result, normally there is a transition period when you have a new system and we went through that twice already in the last 10 years. And the customers naturally will go to the new systems and then we build them over next one or two quarters. But that is the right thing to do for the business long-term. The time -- it's good to accelerate the -- because these AI chips are getting bigger and bigger, right? So the demand for emulation is getting bigger and bigger, and I can give you more stats later. So we felt that it was important to accelerate the development of the next generation system, to get ready for this coming AI wave for next several years, and we are very well positioned. As a result, it does have some impact on quarter-to-quarter, but that's well worth it in the long run.
Joe Vruwink: That's all very helpful, Thank you. Second question, I wanted to ask how -- some of the things you just spoke of, but also AI, start to change the frequency of customers engaging with you, how they approach renewals. So you just brought up how the [Harbor] (ph) platforms, the Velocity, there has improved from first generation to next six years. Now we're down to a three year new product cycle. When I listened to your customers last week talk about AI, they're not just generating ML models that can be reused, but then, of course, each run becomes better if you're incorporating prior feedback. So it would just seem like AI itself not only creates stickiness, but there would be an incentive to deploy it maybe more broadly than a customer traditionally would think about deploying new products. Does that mean the average run rates of a renewal ends up becoming much bigger and we'll start to see that flow in the backlog?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, that's the correct observation. You know, like as you know, what we have said before, AI has a lot of profound impact to Cadence, a lot of benefit to our customers. So there are three main areas. One is, you know, the build out of the AI infrastructure, whether it's Nvidia or AMD or all the hyperscalers. And we are fortunate to be working with all the leading AI companies. So that's the first part. And in that part, as they design bigger and bigger chips, because the big thing in AI systems is they are parallel. So they need to be bigger and bigger chips. So the tools have to be more efficient, the hardware platform have to support that. And that's why the new systems. Now, the second part of AI is applying AI to our own products, which is the Cadence.AI portfolio. And like you mentioned last week, we had several customers talking about success, you know, with that portfolio, including Intel, you know, like I mentioned Intel, Broadcom, Qualcomm, Juniper, Arm, and the results are significant. So we are no longer in kind of a trial phase of whether these things will work. Now we're getting pretty significant improvements. Like we mentioned, MediaTek got like 6% power improvement. And one of the hyperscale companies got 8% to 10% power improvement. These are significant numbers. So it is leading to deployment of our AI portfolio. And I think we mentioned like the AI run rate on a trailing 12 months basis is up 3x. And I think design process already was well automated. EDA has a history of automating design over the last 30 years. So AI is in a unique position because you need the base process to be somewhat automated to apply AI. So we were already well automated and now AI can take it to the next level of automation. So that's the second part of AI which I'm pretty pleased about, is applying to our own product. And then the third part of AI proliferation is new markets that open up, which things like data center design with reality that we announced or Millennium, which is designing systems with acceleration or digital biology. Those are like a little, they take a little longer to ramp up, but we have these three kinds of impact of AI. The first being direct design of AI chips and systems. Second, applying AI to our own products. And third being new applications of AI.
Joe Vruwink: That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line at Charles Shi with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Charles Shi: Thanks. Good afternoon. I just wanted to ask about the China revenue in Q1. It looks pretty light. I just wonder whether that's part of the reason that's weighing on your Q2. I understand you mentioned that you're going through that second-gen to third-gen hardware transition right now. Maybe that's another factor, but from your geographical standpoint, is what's the outlook for China for the rest of the year and specifically Q2. Thanks.
John Wall: Hi Charles, that's a great observation. If you recall this time last year we were talking about a very strong Q1 for China for functional verification and for upfront revenue. I think those three things are often linked. You contracted with this year, China is down at 12%. Upfront revenues is lower at 10% compared to 20%. And functional verification, of course, is lapping those really tough comps when we dedicated 100% production to deliveries. I think when you look at China, we're blessed that we have the geographical diversification that we have across our business. But -- what we're seeing in China is strong design activity. And while the percentage of revenue dropped to 12%, it pretty much goes in-line with a lower hardware, lower functional verification, lower upfront revenue quarter would generally lead to a lower China percentage quarter. But we have good diversification. While China is coming down, we can see other Asia increasing and our customer base is really mobile. That geographical mix of revenue is based on consumption and where the products are used. But as we do more upfront revenue in the second half, we'd expect the China percentage to increase.
Charles Shi: Thanks. I want to ask another question about the upcoming ramp of the third generation hardware. Where exactly is the nature of the demand? Is it the replacement demand, like your customers replacing your Z2 X2 with the Z3 X3, or you expect that lot more great deal of customers adopting Z3 X3 and more importantly I think you mentioned about 4 times to 5 times capacity increase they can design a larger -- much larger chips with a lot more transistors. How much of an ASP uplift you are expecting from the Z3 X3 versus Z2 X2?
Anirudh Devgan: Charles, all good observations. So let me try to answer that one by one. So, I mean, in terms of your last point, normally if the system has more capacity like this one has, it can do more. So it produces, it gives more value to our customers. So we are able to get more value back. So typically newer systems are better that way for us and better for the customer. And to give you an example, I mean, these things are pretty complicated. So, we'll just take Z3 for example. So Z3 itself, we designed this advanced TSMC chip by ourselves and this is one of the biggest chips that TSMC makes. And one rack will have like, more than a hundred of these chips. And then we can connect like up to 16 racks together. So if you do that, you have thousands of full radical chips emulating -- that's, and these are all liquid cooled connected by optical and InfiniBand interconnect. So this is like a truly a multi rack supercomputer. And what it can do is just emulate very, very large systems very, very efficiently. So even Z2, like Nvidia talked about it last week, even Blackwell, which is the biggest chip in the world right now with 200 billion transistors, was emulated on few racks of Z2. Okay, so now with 16 rack of Z3, we can emulate chips which are like 5 times bigger than Blackwell, which is already the biggest chips in the world, right? So that gives a lot of runway for our customers because with AI, the key thing is that is the capacity of the chip needs to keep going up, not just a single chip. Look at Blackwell, they have two full radical chips on a package. So as you know, you will see more and more, not just big chips on a single node, but multiple chips in a package for this AI workload and also 3D stacking of those chips. So what this allows is not just emulating a single large chip, but multiple chips, which is super critical for AI. So I think this is what I feel that this puts us in a very good position for all this AI boom that is happening, not just with our partners like Nvidia and AMD, but also all the hyperscalers companies. And so that will be the primary demand is more capacity chips require more hardware. And then X3 will go for that with the software prototyping which is used on FPGA. And then we have some unique workload capabilities apart from size of these big systems being, the capacity being much better and performance, there are new features for low power, for analog emulation that helps in the mobile market. So we talked about Samsung, working with us, especially on this four state emulation, which is a new capability in emulation over the last 10 years. So I think it's just -- it's a combination of new customers, a combination of competitive win, but also continuing to lead in terms of the biggest chips in the world which are required for AI processing now and you know years from now. I think the size of these chips as you know is only going to get bigger in the next few years and we feel that Z3 X3 is already set up for that.
Charles Shi: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Lee Simpson with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Lee Simpson: Great, thanks. And thanks very much for squeezing me on. Just wanted to go back to what you said last quarter, if I could. It did seem as though you were saying that there was an element of exclusivity around your partnership with Arm, your EDA partnership around Arm total design. I wondered how that was developing, if indeed you're collaborating to accelerate the development of custom SoCs using Neoverse. It looks as though it's pulled in quite a lot of work or continues to pull in quite a lot of work around functional verification. And I guess as we look at now third generation tool sets for Palladium and Protium, leaving aside some of the rack scale development that we're seeing out there, whether or not Arm’s total design, I guess development work is pulling in or is likely to pull in some of that second half business. That means not just hyperscalers, but perhaps in AI PCs and beyond. Thanks.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, thank you for the question. I mean, we are proud to have a very strong partnership with Arm and with our joint customers, Arm and Cadence customers. I think we have had a very strong partnership over the last 10 years, I would like to say, and it's getting better and better. You know, and yes, we talked about our new partnership on Total Compute. Also, I think this quarter we talked about our partnership with HARMAN Automotive. Because what is interesting to see, which of course you know this already, but Arm continues to do well in mobile, but also now in kind of HPC server and automotive end markets. So we are pleased with that partnership, you know, and they are also doing more subsystems and higher order development and that requires more partnership with Cadence in terms of the backend, Innovus and Digital Flow and also verification with hardware platforms and other verification tools.
Lee Simpson: Great, maybe just a quick follow up. You know, we've seen quite a bit of M&A activity from yourselves of late, you know, including the IP house acquisition of Invecas. You've had Rambus bought, you've now acquired BETA in the computer-aided emulation space for the car. There's been quite a lot of speculation in the market about the possibility of a transformative deal being done. I guess, given that we have you on the mic here, maybe if you get a sense from yourself, what would be the sort of thing that a business like Cadence could look for? Would you look for a high value and a contiguous vertical to what you've already addressed, let's say in automotive, or would it be something more waterfront, a business that spans several verticals, maybe being more relevant across the industrial software space? Could that be the sort of ambition that Cadence would have given the silicon to systems opportunities that are emerging? Thanks.
Anirudh Devgan: Well, thank you for the question. And a lot of times there are a lot of reports and we don't normally don't comment on these reports and people get very creative on these reporting. But What I would like to say is that our strategy hasn't changed. It's the same strategy from 2018. First of all, I want to make sure that we are focused in our core business, which is EDA and IP. And, yes, I launched this whole initiative on systems and it's super critical, you know, chips silicon to systems. But what is one thing that I even mentioned last time, what is different from 2018 to now, is that EDA and IP is much more valuable to the industry. You know, Our core business itself has become much more valuable because of AI. So our first focus is in our core business. We are leading in our core business. Our first focus is on organic development. That's what we like. We always say that's the best way forward. Now, along with that, we will do some, we have done, like you mentioned, some opportunistic M&A, which is usually, I would like to say, the tuck-in M&A in the past. And that adds to our portfolio, it helped us in system analysis. We also did it in IP because I'm very optimistic about IP growth this year. And we talked about our new partnership with Intel Foundry in Q1. Also, we acquired Rambus IP assets, which are HBM. And HBM is of course a critical technology in AI. And we are seeing a lot of growth in HBM this year. Now, if we have booked that business, the deliveries will happen towards second half of the year, as John was saying earlier. But so that's the thing. Now in terms of BETA, it made sense because it is a very good technology. It's the right size for us. And we are focused on finishing that acquisition, and also integrating that -- that will take some time. So that's our primary focus in terms of M&A. And it's a very good technology. They have very good footprint in automotive and aerospace vertical. So just to clarify, we have the same strategy from ‘18, and that's doing working as well. It's primarily organic with very synergistic computational software, mostly tuck-in acquisitions.
Lee Simpson: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Ruben Roy: Thank you. Anirudh, I had a follow up on the Z3 X3 commentary that you had. And one of the things I was thinking about, especially as you talked about the InfiniBand low latency network across the multiple racks of Z3, you had mentioned that you're up to 85% attach rate of both systems with the Z2 X2. I would imagine that would continue to go up and if you can comment on if the new systems incorporate InfiniBand across Z3 and X3 and if so, do you expect that to be sort of a selling point for your customers that are designing these big chips, which in many cases these days have software development attached to the design process. Do you think that the attach rates continue to move higher for both systems?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, absolutely. I think I started this in, I forget now, 2016, I think, in a Dynamic Duo are ‘15 and ‘16, which is we have a custom processor for palladium and we use FPGA for Protium. So this is what we call dynamic duo, because then palladium is best in class for chip verification and RTL design, and Protium is best-in-class for software bring up and with the common front end. So as a result, over the years, this has become the right approach. And our customers are fully embracing both these systems as they invariably do both chip development and software development. I mean, perfect example is of course, our long-term development partner, Nvidia. I mean, Nvidia is no longer doing just chip development. They have a massive software stack. And that's true for all the hyperscalers. So we see that trend continuing. And now we do use, you know, Nvidia's products like InfiniBand in our systems on Z3 to your question, which is, because Z3 is a very unique architecture. So it requires very, very high speed interconnect. So it's almost like a super computer. So then it requires optical and InfiniBand in Z3. Now in X3, we are using AMD FPGAs, which are fabulous, but it does not require that tight interconnect speed. So InfiniBand is more used in Z3 versus X3. But X3 is a great system too, we're using the latest AMD FPGAs, it has 8x higher capacity than X2, and all kinds of innovation on the software side as well. So we are very pleased -- I'm very confident that we have true leadership in these hardware platforms, both Palladium and Protium. And we're also pleased, like I said earlier, that we are able to refresh it much sooner than the market expected, given our track record. And then we are seeing a lot of demand for both of these systems together going forward.
Ruben Roy: That's helpful. Thank you, Anirudh. And then a follow up for John. Anirudh mentioned HBM IP business, booked and shipping in second half. I was wondering if you can kind of give us a bigger picture update on how you're viewing IP in general in terms of bookings relative to sort of ramps of those IP sales. Is it sort of the entire segment sort of a second half? Should we think about the second half ramping at a heavier weight than first half or any update there would be helpful?
John Wall: Yeah, thanks Ruben. I mean Q1 IP performance and bookings were ahead of our expectations. And everything remains on track there for a very strong growth year for 2024 for the IP business. Of course, the timing of revenue recognition depends on the timing of deliveries, but we had a tremendous bookings quarter in Q1 and we're preparing to scale for a number of deliveries of IP in the second half, but we expect the IP to have a very strong year this year. We're pleased with the overall business momentum, but we need to scale up some headcounts to prepare to deliver on some of the larger backlog orders.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, 1 thing, I want to highlight, I think you may have seen this, I just want to highlight our partnership with Intel and IFS. That was concluded in Q1. And so it's really good to see, you know, [Pat] (ph) and Intel investing more in the foundry business and also working more closely with us. So that's also a key contributor to IP, but like John said, we have to hire the people, do the -- we need to port our portfolio to the Intel process, okay? And that takes some time. So that's more will come towards the end of the year and next year. But we are pleased with that new partnership on IP.
Ruben Roy: Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. For you -- John, first, and then Anirudh. So for John, thinking back to a recent conversation we had, could you comment as a measure of EDA market health or dynamics, what you're seeing or expecting in terms of intra-contract new or expansion business. You know, this is an ongoing phenomenon in EDA, maybe talk about what you're seeing in that kind of business beyond the customer renewals schedule. And then relatedly, how are you thinking about pricing for this year given that EDA generally has substantially better pricing capacity than you might have had years past. And then my follow up for Anirudh.
John Wall: Sure, thanks, Jay. Great question. I think what you're getting at there is what we would call add-ons. Typically, we have the very predictable software renewal business. And you'll see in the recurring revenue part of our business, I think we're at double digit revenue growth. But over the past few years, I think that's been at low teens. But we're seeing that a number of customers that have adopted AI tools are maybe not coming back and purchasing add-ons as frequently, but right now we're focused on proliferating those AI tools into accounts. I think there's an opportunity to increase pricing there, but maybe now is not the right time. I think we have such strong momentum on the upfront revenue business. We're preparing for scale into the second half there. But we'll have plenty of revenue growth in the second half of the year. We can continue to focus on proliferating our AI tools and technology into accounts. And pricing is something certainly we can focus on more intently in future years, but right now the focus is on proliferation. Anirudh, do you have anything to add to that?
Anirudh Devgan: No.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay, Anirudh so [piggyback] (ph) to your conference last week, particularly the Gen AI track, it was interesting of course to hear the adoption presentations by Renesas, Intel and so forth. But what seemed to be taking place is a heavy focus on Cerebrus which makes sense, it is the one longest end-market. So perhaps you could talk about how you are thinking about the adoption curve for the other brands aside from Cerebrus? And are there any critical parts of the design flow that might not necessarily be amenable to AI enablement. We hear a lot about implementation, analog, verification but we don't hear a lot about AI as being applicable to synthesis, for example. So maybe talk about those areas where it makes a lot of sense and knows where perhaps it will remain more or less conventional technology.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Thanks, Jay for the question. So as you know, we have five major AI platforms with Cerebrus and Digital implementation being the one that has been out the longest and Cerebrus is doing quite well, like you noted. And we also commented on more than 350 tapeouts, lot of PPA improvement. But all the other ones are doing well, too. Sometimes we have like too many products, we don't talk enough about the others, but like verification, like Verisium is doing quite well. And I mentioned Qualcomm last week talked about pretty impressive results because verification, as you know is an exponential problem, because as the chips get bigger, the verification task gets exponentially bigger. So the benefit of AI can be significant in verification. So I think, you will see that in the next few quarters and years that verification will be as important as implementation in terms of benefits of AI. And then the other area I’d like to highlight is PCB and Allegro and Packaging because that area hasn't seen that much automation. And PCB – and Allegro is a leading-platform for packaging and PCB, but really proud of Allegro X AI. And we talked about several customers, including Intel last week talked about 4x to 10x improvement using X AI in PCB. So apart from Digital, I think the next two ones, I feel are verification and Allegro and PCB and then the areas that haven't done as well, I mean is more not in design optimization is like design generation. And I think, there -- this LLM based models do provide a lot of promise. So historically, we haven't done as much design-generation, which is -- this is like almost pre-RTL, right going from Spec to RTL. That's the -- truly the creative part of the design process. And then once you have RTL, it is more optimization part in digital and verification. So I think that's where we have to see, but some initial results, which we haven't talked but I think mentioned last week. But we work with a -- but we have to see it still in early stages, but we work with one or two customers in which we took like a 40, 50 page Spec document, this English document, and able to automatically generate RTL from it, okay? And the RTL quality is pretty good. So again we have to see how that goes, but that requires these really advanced LLM capabilities. So that's something to be seen. But if that works well, that could be another kind of very interesting kind of application of Gen AI.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: Hi guys. Thanks so much for taking my questions. John, I appreciate the fact that China revenue in the first quarter was down against a tough year-ago comp on the hardware verification side as you work on backlog. And I assume that you still expect China to be dilutive to overall company growth in the fiscal year. Could you speak to whether or not you are starting to see US export controls begin to impact your ability to do business there, whether that be a function of restrictions around gate-all around or certain China customers added to the entity list.
John Wall: Hi, Gary, thanks for the question. And just to clarify, I think last quarter, I said I expected China revenue to be flat to down this year. I think, we still expect that. And that's because last year was such a strong year and there was a lot of -- there was kind of an oversized-portion of that hardware catch-up that we had that was delivered to China. So I think, it skewed the China number higher last year. So we are lapping pretty tough comps. But the design activity in China remains very strong, though. And -- we have a lot of diversification. There is strength in other parts of the world -- but we're very comfortable with the 2024 outlook and we factored all the impact of geopolitical risk in there to the best we can and try to derisk China, as much as we can in our guide.
Gary Mobley: Okay. The follow up, I want to ask about bookings trends for the balance of the year. You obviously highlighted better than seasonal Q1 booking trends. How would you expect the bookings to play out for the balance of the year? And to what extent will Z3 and X3 factor into that for the balance of the year? Thank you.
John Wall: Yes. I mean, it's hard to predict in terms of Z3 and X3 that we definitely need another quarter to see that. I expect -- we expect strong demand and we expect strong revenue growth into the -- that we are preparing for scale into the second half on the hardware side, but we need to at least see another quarter of demand. And normally with hardware, I don't like taking up the year for hardware until I see the pipeline in the summer. So we are trying to be conservative there. But generally on the hardware side, yes we are basically preparing for scale we’re trying to build -- we'll build those systems as quickly as possible. We expect strong demand there.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: Hi, thanks for [heading] (ph) me. And Anirudh, congrats to your R&D team. [I] (ph) -- Impressed that they reduced the cycle there, all while designing that among [box] (ph), too, right? So -- maybe first, just how many of the -- for the Z3 and X3, does it become available in Q3? I guess when can customers start putting orders in for that?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. First of all, thanks. And yes, they become available now, okay? But it will ramp Q3 and then Q4. But we already have them running at several early customers. So I mean, normally when we announce something, as you know, like and one of our lead partners, they have been running for three months already and very stable. But in general, it will be more Q3 and then Q4 in terms of -- because normally, in any system, there is like a three months to six months kind of overlap. So we will still sell Z2 X2, and then move to Z3 X3, so that's a natural part. And that's also contributing to this quarter-by-quarter variation a little bit, but it will ramp. And Q3 will be bigger and then Q4 should be bigger than that.
John Wall: Yeah, we try to derisk the guide -- with the assumption that there is going to be strong demand for the newer systems. But it will give us the opportunity to put some of the older systems into the cloud because we have a large underserved community that want to use our emulation capacity. But we haven't had a lot of capacity to share with them through our cloud offering. To the extent we do that, that will lead to ratable revenue though, because I think when it is used in the cloud, you get revenue over time, whereas when we deliver and they use it on-prem, we take revenue upfront.
Anirudh Devgan: But the demand it -- takes like one to two quarters to ramp…
Jason Celino: Okay. Because that's kind of -- what I was going to ask next is I think last time in 2021, you had like a six month period where you are selling both. And I think, you were trying to clear inventory for the Z1 and X1. It doesn't sound like you will be trying to do that again. Because when I think, about this Q2 air pocket, is it a function of customers waiting for Z3 X3? Or is it a function of they might not want to buy the older version?
John Wall: Well, the guide -- we've de-risk the guide on the assumption that many customers might wait. But we intend to sell them side by side. But to the extent the customers wait, it will shift some hardware revenue into the second half of the year. And we have anticipated that. So that's within the guide. To the extent the customers continue to buy Z2. And we're not putting those into the cloud, but selling those outright as well. Well, then that will change the profile of the shape of revenue. But we expect that this new system, the strength of this new system will trigger a lot of demand for it.
Jason Celino : Okay, perfect. Thank you both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my questions. I think you mentioned second half growth will be driven a lot more by hardware. Do you think you will see all the benefit of the hardware refresh within this year? Will it be done? Will it continue into 2025. I guess my bigger question really is that if I exclude the upfront benefit from last year and this year, your recurring business is expected to grow about 10%. And I'm curious, Anirudh, is that in-line with the kind of recurring revenue growth you are expecting or we should be expecting going forward, right along with periodic hardware refreshes -- or is that not the right way to interpret your core recurring part of your business?
Anirudh Devgan: Very good question. First of all in non-recurring, it's not just hardware, but it's also IP in terms of the second half because like we mentioned, we have new IP business driven by HPM and AI and also by Intel IFS. So that is also back-end loaded along with hardware. And then hardware, hardware normally when we launch a new system, it takes one years or two years for it to fully. So even though we are not commenting about next year, I would be surprised if this time, it's only a six month impact. So I expect like these things is built for to be used in design for next five years, seven years. So the impact will be also not just this year but following years. And in terms of recurring revenue, I think the best way like we have said is to look at a three year CAGR basis because there could be some fluctuation in all. And overall, we are pleased with the recurring revenue growth and we go from there.
John Wall: Yes. And Vivek if I could -- I'd like to kind of take -- carry in some of Gary's question earlier that I don't think I addressed because he was asking about the bookings profile for the year. Q2 for software renewals, I think is our [latest] (ph) software renewals quarter for the year. But I think, we explained last quarter that we expect the weighting of bookings first half to second half to be about 40-60 this year. But the recurring revenue right now in the guide is about double digits -- above 10%. And in the past, it's been about 13%. Now we are not really anticipating a huge number of add-ons, but to grow that above 10%. To the extent that, that comes through, it will be upside to the guide. But what we try to do when we do the guide is de-risk for the risks that we can see.
Vivek Arya: Thank you. For my follow-up question on incremental EBIT margin. Do you think this greater mix of hardware is impacting the incremental EBIT margin. I think, if I calculate it correctly, the new guidance is still below the 50% incremental, right, or right about -- which is lower than what you have had the last two years, three years. Is that the right interpretation? And what can change that?
John Wall: Yes, Vivek, I think what you are referring to really is that, I mean, for what, seven years in a row now, we think we've been achieving over 50% incremental margins. It's a matter of pride here, we try to achieve that every year -- we'll certainly be trying to achieve that this year. I think we are in the high 40s. It's probably about 47% when you look at this guide right now. I think, one of the biggest challenges with something like that is you know, we do small tuck-in M&A, but I don't want to go over Lee Simpson – answer Anirudh gave to Lee Simpson, but organic is delicious here. At Cadence, we focus on innovation and growing with organically driven products and then with small tuck-in M&A. But to the extent that we do some larger M&A and of course, we have BETA CAE, which apparently is the gold standard in structural simulation. So that's a big acquisition for us. But -- now I think the size of that probably still qualifies as a small tuck-in. But when you do something like that -- that those M&A transactions typically are headwinds to that incremental margin calculation in the short-term, they will be beneficial in the long-term. But in the short-term, M&A can be -- dilutive pretty much in the first year and then becomes accretive later. When we look at our incremental margin that's a headwind. But we try to overcome that headwind because normally, all we do with these small tuck-in M&As So I haven't given up on 50% incremental margin for this year. It's a challenge, but we'll do our best to achieve this.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. After a strong 2023, SDA is starting the year relatively flattish and down about 5% to 6% sequentially. I think, like -- it's an unusual starting point for SDA, especially given all of the drivers that you guys have articulated. Is SDA expected to also be more second half loaded? And do you expect SDA, this is ex BETA CAE, but do you expect SDA to grow in-line or faster than your overall corporate growth target for the full year?
John Wall: Yes, Harlan. That's a great question. And thanks for highlighting that -- because I had that on my list of things to say. I think there's something funny going on with the rounding on when you kind of apply the growth rates for SDA for Q1 over Q1, the actual growth rate is probably high single digits Q1-over-Q1. I know, that's lapping tough comps against Q1 '23. I think, if you look on a two year CAGR basis, I think it's up about 17% per annum on a two year CAGR basis for SDA. But we're expecting strong SD&A growth again this year, and it will be higher than the Cadence average. That's our expectation.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for that. And then Anirudh lots of new accelerated compute AI SoC announcements just even over the past few weeks where we saw flagship Blackwell GPU announcement by one of your big customers Nvidia. But we've actually seen even more announcements by your cloud and hyperscale customers bringing their own custom [ASIC] (ph) to the market with Google with TPU V5, Google with their Arm-based CPU ASIC; Meta unveiled their Gen 2 TPU AI classes of chips as well. And in addition to that, like their road maps seem to be accelerating. So can you give us an update on your systems and hyperscale customers? I mean are you seeing the design activity accelerating within this customer base? And is the contribution mix from these customers rising above that sort of roughly 45% level going forward?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah Harlan, that's a very good observation. And the pace of AI innovation like is increasing and not just in the big semi companies, but of course, in these system companies. And I think several announcements did come out, right, including, I think now Meta is public that Meta is designing a lot of silicon for AI, and of course, Google, Microsoft, Amazon. So all the big, really hyperscaler companies, along with Nvidia, AMD, Qualcomm, all the other kind of Samsung had AI phone this year. So I mean, there is a lot of acceleration both on the semi side and on the system side. And we are involved with all the major players there, and we are glad to provide our solutions. And I do think -- and this is the other thesis we have talked about for years now, right, five years, seven years that the system companies will do silicon because of a lot of reasons for customization, for schedule and supply chain control for cost benefits, if there is enough scale. And I think, the workload of AI, like if you look at I think some of the big hyperscaler and social media companies, they are talking about using like 20,000, 24,000 GPUs to train these new models. I mean this is immense amount. And then the size of the model and the number of models increased, so that could go to a much, much higher number than right now that is required to train these models and of course, to do inference on these models. So I think, we are still in the early innings in terms of system companies developing their own chips and at the same time, working with the semi companies. So I expect that to grow and those that -- our business with those system companies doing silicon, I would like to say is growing faster than Cadence average. But the good thing is the semi guys are also doing a lot of business. So I don't know, if that 45% will -- because that's a combination of a lot of companies. But overall, the AI and hyperscalers, they are doing a lot more than so are the big semi company.
Harlan Sur: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: I'll now turn it back over to Anirudh Devgan for closing remarks.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It is an exciting time for Cadence as our broad portfolio and product leadership highly positions us to maximize the growing opportunities in the semiconductor and systems industry. And on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers, partners and investors for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence first quarter 2024 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Brianna and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Richard Gu, Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard Gu: Thank you, operator. I'd like to welcome everyone to our fourth quarter of 2023 earnings conference call. I'm joined today by Anirudh Devgan, President and Chief Executive Officer, and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on our website, cadence.com. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements, including our outlook on future business and operating results. Due to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today's discussion. For information on factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, CFO commentary, and today's earnings release. All forward-looking statements during this call are based on estimates and information available to us as of today, and we disclaim any obligation to update them. In addition, we will present certain non-GAAP measures which should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for GAAP results. Reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. For the Q&A session today, we would ask that you observe a limit of one question and one follow-up. Now, I'll turn the call over to Anurudh.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you, Richard. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Cadence delivered an outstanding Q4, wrapping up a record 2023, achieving 15% revenue growth, 42% non-GAAP operating margin, and over 20% non-GAAP EPS growth for the year. We exited 2023 with a record backlog of $6 billion, as customers increasingly committed to our chip-to-system integrated design and analysis platforms. We expect our innovative solutions to continue driving broad-based business momentum in 2024. John will provide more details in a moment. Secular trends of digital transformation, hyperscale computing and autonomous driving, all bolstered by an AI super-cycle, continue to fuel strong broad-based design activity. We continue successfully executing to our Intelligent System Design strategy, that triples our TAM opportunity while greatly expanding our portfolio. Our innovative engine delivered several significant products including most recently, the revolutionary Millennium M1 platform, the industry's first accelerated multi-physics supercomputing platform. The platform tightly integrates our Fidelity CFD software with high-performance GPUs and combines AI, HPC and digital twin technology to deliver an unprecedented 20x energy efficiency and up to 100x design impact. We were honored to have customers including Honda, Boeing and GE as speakers at our launch event. We substantially grew our footprint at market shaping customers and furthered our relationships with key ecosystem partners. We furthered our partnership with Intel Foundry through a strategic multi-year agreement on providing design software and leading IP at multiple Intel advanced nodes, thereby advancing Intel's IDM 2.0 strategy and accelerating mutual customer success. Cadence is at the forefront of the AI revolution, closely partnering with marquee companies on their trailblazing AI designs for training and inference from cloud to the edge. NVIDIA and Cadence have collaborated closely over several years, and in Q4, we deepened our partnership through a meaningful expansion of our hardware solutions and EDA software. Earlier in the quarter we announced our work on Cadence.ai with NVIDIA's Nemo Retriever, and now we're thrilled to deepen our partnership and extend it to the new Millennium MultiPhysics Supercomputer and SaaS solution which is co-optimized with NVIDIA's Accelerated Computing and AI platform. And as the exclusive EDA partner of Arm Total Design, Cadence and Arm are closely collaborating to accelerate the development of custom SoCs based on the Neoverse Compute Subsystem. Over the year, we've continued building out our generative Cadence.ai portfolio, the industry's broadest AI offerings spanning chip to board to system, and delivering exceptional optimization and productivity benefits. Earlier in Q2, we introduced Virtuoso Studio and Allegro X AI, bringing AI to custom/analog and PCB designs. And in Q4, we added Voltus InsightAI for automatically addressing voltage drop violations. We also pioneered bringing LLM capabilities to chip design, successfully helping Renesas accelerate functional specification to final design. Accelerating momentum of our Cadence.ai portfolio has led to an almost tenfold increase in the number of customers adopting our GenAI solutions in 2023, as customers embrace the technology to develop optimized products much more efficiently. Now, let's talk about some of the product highlights for Q4 and 2023. Rising system complexity and challenges stemming from the growing hyperconvergence of the electrical, mechanical and physical worlds, are driving the need for a seamless platform solution across design, packaging, simulation, and analysis. We made this a core tenet of our Intelligent System Design growth strategy six years ago, and our System Design and Analysis business continued its strong momentum, delivering 18% year-over-year growth in Q4 and 22% growth for the year. PCB and advanced packaging are linchpin technologies that sit at the crucial intersection of mechanical and electrical domains and Cadence's rich heritage in these areas remain a key strategic differentiator, especially in the emerging chiplet era. We continue advancing these technologies with Allegro X AI providing greater than 10x acceleration in PCB design, and endorsed by Schenider Electric and Kioxia at its launch. Our multi-physics analysis portfolio couples our expertise in physics-based modeling with AI-driven optimization and is delivering superior results to customers across multiple vertical segments, especially aerospace and defense, and automotive. Recently, we launched Celsius Studio, the industry's first complete AI thermal design and analysis solution for electronic systems, delivering up to a 10x performance benefit over legacy systems, with endorsements by Samsung and BAE Systems. And Wistron, a leading technical services provider used Optimality's AI-driven optimization technology and Clarity for fast, accurate electromigration in-design analysis, improving design reliability while realizing a 2x improvement in turnaround time. Our digital IC business finished another strong year with 22% revenue growth in Q4, as our solutions continued gaining share at market shaping customers, especially at the most advanced nodes. Our digital software is proliferating in all top 20 semiconductor companies and our digital full flow was adopted by 34 additional customers during the year. We are very pleased with the accelerating momentum of our flagship Cadence Cerebrus GenAI solution, whose transformative PPA and productivity benefits have led to its deployment in all our top 10 digital customers and used in well over 300 tapeouts. In Q4, Cadence Cerebrus run rate more than quadrupled at several market shaping customers and it also drove significant digital full flow expansions at two top tier semi customers Our Integrity 3D-IC platform is the industry's only unified 3D-IC design and analysis platform and ties our best-in-class SoC and package design technologies with system-level planning and analysis. In Q4, GUC successfully used Integrity to tapeout a complex 3D stacked die design with a wafer-on-wafer structure on an advanced FinFET node. Next, I will talk about our Functional Verification business, which had another remarkable year, delivering 11% year-over-year revenue growth in Q4 and 22% growth for the full year. Escalating system and software bring-up challenges, along with the pressing need for first-pass silicon success, continued driving strong demand for our Functional Verification solutions. Our best-in-class dynamic duo of Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 platforms delivered another record year, with strong momentum across AI, hyperscale, auto and mobile. Virtually all of the top hyperscalers are Palladium customers and the majority of them are also Dynamic Duo customers. Last month, we announced a new set of Palladium Z2 applications that included the industry's first four state emulation and mixed signal modeling capabilities, that will significantly accelerate SoC verification. Marquee customers including NVIDIA and Samsung supported the announcement. Our hardware family added 26 new and over 110 repeat customers during the year, with the top three deals being with a global marquee systems company, the leading AI systems company, and a leading communications services company. Demand for the Duo greatly exceeded our expectations with more than two-thirds of the orders in the year including both platforms. Our Custom IC Virtuoso and Spectre franchise solutions tackle the most complex challenges in analog, mixed signal, RF design and circuit simulation, and are increasingly crucial for our customers. Building on our market leadership, our Custom IC revenue grew 16% year-over-year in Q4. Customer interest in our recently announced Virtuoso Studio is strong with over 2,000 downloads so far and adoption of our newer Spectre platform products continues to ramp. Virtuoso had a major win with a top global memory company, which replaced its internal tools with our technology. Our IP business drove a strong finish to the year growing 36% year-over-year in Q4. We continued to sharpen our star IP strategy with targeted acquisitions such as Rambus PHY IP and Invecas to capture market opportunities offered by AI and heterogenous integration. Customer interest in the Rambus PHY assets, especially HBM and GDDR IP have been extremely positive which have already been instrumental in closing some strategic deals. Our Invecas acquisition is also highly synergistic to the strategy, adding a skilled engineering team with expertise in delivering custom solutions across design, product engineering, advanced packaging, and embedded software. In closing, we are pleased with our outstanding performance in 2023 and are excited by the business momentum and market opportunities in 2024. Now, I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q4 results and our 2024 outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Anirudh, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report that Cadence delivered a strong Q4 and 2023, driven by growth across all of our businesses. Robust design activity and customer demand, coupled with our strong execution, helped us to achieve revenue growth of 15% and EPS growth of over 20% for the year. Fourth quarter bookings were strong, and I am pleased that we achieved record backlog and record current remaining performance obligation levels, finishing the year with approximately $6.0 billion in backlog and approximately $3.2 billion in cRPO. Here are some of the financial highlights from the fourth quarter and the year, starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $1.069 billion for the quarter and $4.090 billion for the year. GAAP operating margin was 31.5% for the quarter and 30.6% for the year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 42.9% for the quarter and 42.0% for the year. GAAP EPS was $1.19 for the quarter and $3.82 for the year. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.38 for the quarter and $5.15 for the year. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, our cash balance was $1.008 billion at year-end, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $650 million. Operating cash flow in the fourth quarter was $272 million and $1.35 billion for the full year. DSOs were 43 days. And we used $700 million to repurchase Cadence shares during the year. Before I provide our outlook for Q1 and 2024, I'd like to share some assumptions that are embedded in our outlook. In 2023, our up-front revenue mix increased to approximately 16% largely due to strong hardware demand. In 2024, we expect another record hardware revenue year and strong IP growth. And as a result, at the midpoint, our outlook assumes that our up-front revenue mix for the year will increase to approximately 17.5%. In Q1 2023, our up-front revenue mix was approximately 20%, largely due to our effort to improve hardware delivery lead times at the start of last year. In Q1 2024, at the midpoint, our outlook assumes an up-front revenue mix of approximately 14%. Our non-GAAP EPS outlook is based on a tax rate of 16.5%. And finally, our outlook for Q1 and 2024 is based on our usual assumption that export control regulations in place today, remain substantially similar for the remainder of the year. In our outlook for 2024, we expect: revenue in the range of $4.55 billion to $4.61 billion; GAAP operating margin in the range of 32% to 33%; non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 42% to 43%; GAAP EPS in the range of $4.08 to $4.18; non-GAAP EPS in the range of $5.87 to $5.97; operating cash flow in the range of $1.35 billion to $1.45 billion; and we expect to use approximately 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares in 2024. For Q1, we expect: revenue in the range of $990 million to $1.01 billion; GAAP operating margin in the range of 24.5% to 25.5%; non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 36.5% to 37.5%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.74 to $0.78; and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.10 to $1.14. And as usual, we've published a CFO Commentary document on our Investor Relations website, which includes our outlook for additional items, as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, I am pleased that for 2023 we achieved revenue growth of 15% and EPS growth of over 20%; we achieved a seventh consecutive year of over 50% incremental non-GAAP operating margins, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 42%; and we finished the year with record backlog and cRPO, setting ourselves up for a great 2024. As always, I'd like to thank our customers, partners, and our employees for their continued support. And with that, operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: Hey, guys. Happy Monday. So, maybe my first question on the backlog strengths, really impressive, especially given the hard year-over-year comp. John or Anirudh, what drove the strength here? It sounds like it's hardware related, or maybe it's broad-based. Anything helpful?
John Wall: Jason, yes, it was very broad-based, broad-based across geographies and broad-based across all of the businesses. Actually on the hardware front, you might recall this time last year, we finished with over six months of backlog for hardware. We addressed those lead times at the start of the year and now we're down to a more normal eight weeks of hardware backlog. So, when you compare the backlog at the end of '23 against the end of '22, I think it reflects strong bookings, broad-based bookings across all geographies, across all businesses, but on the hardware side, slightly less hardware or maybe less hardware certainly in backlog at the end of '23 versus the end of '22.
Jason Celino: Okay. And then, when we think about 2024 as a whole, is it a big renewal year, or I guess how does 2024 look compared to other years, particularly '23 when you think about renewal timing and things like that? Thanks.
John Wall: Yeah, great question, Jason. Last year was kind of very heavily weighted towards the second half of renewals. We don't expect it to be that heavily weighted in the second half this year. Looking at software renewals and when they come due, if you look at the annual value, it's probably weighted 40% first half to 60% second half.
Jason Celino: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Shi with Needham. Please go ahead.
Charles Shi: Hi, good afternoon. I guess top of the mind of many investors, can you guys provide any thoughts on the Synopsys and Ansys merger or whatever you call it? Especially now, Cadence probably needs to execute that Intelligent System Design strategy more in an [organic way than inorganic] (ph) way. Any thoughts would be great. Thanks.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Hi, Charles. This is Anirudh. So, as you know, we have been executing on our Intelligent System Design strategy for six years now. We started this in 2018 and we know for a while that there will be this convergence of electrical and mechanical domains. This convergence of system and semi companies, semi companies becoming system companies and system companies doing silicon, as you all know. And now we have commented that about 45% of our business is coming from system companies. But this is not -- I mean, we have been executed on this from 2018 and focusing on, of course, our core business, which is EDA, expanding into SD&A, which is what we call System Design and Analysis, and of course AI over the last five, six years. And if you look at our results on SD&A, even in 2023, our business revenue is up 22% in SD&A. And it has been up more than 20% for last several years, whereas that market is not really growing at that rate. So, we are gaining a lot of share in SD&A. And this is primarily due to our products, right, and our customer response. So, the customers have really embraced our strategy and embraced our product differentiation. So, we first started with Finite Element with Clarity, and that is benchmarking very well, winning a lot of share, a lot of customers. And then, recently, you must have seen our new product in CFD. CFD is a big market. That's the -- there are two big simulation areas in SD&A: one is finite element, which we are already ahead, and the other is CFD. And with Millennium, this is like the one of the most revolutionary products in CFD in the last 30 years. And I can tell you more about Millennium later. And then, the third thing in our SDA strategy is we are the only company that has a very strong position in packaging and PCB, which is critical for chiplets and 3D-IC. So overall, I feel very confident in terms of our market position. The strategy we have implemented for six years, and I see a lot of growth and momentum going forward.
Charles Shi: Thanks, Anirudh. Maybe a follow-up. I do want to dig a little bit into your digital IC design and the signoff revenue. You reported last quarter, I think it's exceeding $300 million. It has been bumping along $250 million since I think early part of 2022, but then it does seem to show some really good strength since second half '23. You talked about the sheer gains, and I do understand this is the part where you have the most overlap with your direct competitors Synopsys. And just really curious, how sustainable is the strength you saw in Q4? And is there any color you can provide us on what's driving the revenue upside for that business in fourth quarter? How should people think about the sustainability of that? Thanks.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, hi, Charles. That's a good question on digital. I mean, there are multiple reasons driving that, but I would say the main reason -- and we had good growth in Q4, as you saw in our digital business. But of course, the main reason that's driving that is the AI super-cycle. So, there's a lot more design activity. You will notice some of our key partners increasing the cadence of their major kind of product development. So, there's AI. In AI, we participate in several ways. One is just the buildout of the AI infrastructure, which is, of course, our great partnership with NVIDIA and all the other hyperscalers. And then, also, our AI-enabled products like Cerebrus and Optimality and overall AI portfolio. So, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Cerebrus, which is the flagship product for digital implementation using AI, our business went up 4x, right? So that's also providing a lot of growth in terms of -- so there's one, there's overall much more design activity, especially at the most advanced node, and then AI products provide acceleration on top of that. And then, the other thing that I had mentioned before, but as people use Cerebrus, which is the overall AI product in digital implementation, it also has a pull-through of the full flow, not just place and route, but also synthesis and signoff. So, what I'm very pleased to see is one AI products like Cerebrus are doing well, but they're also pulling through synthesis. Our position has improved dramatically in synthesis in the last one year and also a lot of signoff engagement. So overall, I'm pretty pleased with the technology progress, the AI progress. And also engagement with some big customers that traditionally were not using Cadence, and now, like we mentioned, all top 20 customers are using Cadence solutions in digital. So, we'll see how it progresses, but I think it's good progress on digital and I expect that to continue.
John Wall: And Charles, I would just add to that, in Q4, we saw some very good cash collections from customers that were kind of lower credit-worthy customers that we didn't think we would collect those -- that cash. So, it wasn't in our forecast. So, we had some upside from that.
Charles Shi: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I actually had a question on growth. Just kind of first on the segment side, IP growth has been more modest than the entire company growth. So, I was hoping if you could give us some color on that. But then, Anirudh, my bigger question is that, when I look at the overall sales growth for Cadence, right, so 19% in '22, then 15% last year, and now 12% is what you're guiding to for this year. I mean, these are impressive growth rates versus the semiconductor industry. But still it shows a deceleration, right, for the last few years, which is very different than the acceleration that we see for a lot of other semiconductor companies that are exposed to the AI and generative AI theme. So, what is the right way to interpret this deceleration in your sales? Like, should we be expecting acceleration back at some point as some of these AI initiatives get bigger? Or what is the right way to interpret and compare your growth rate versus the acceleration of growth in a number of the AI names?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, Vivek, good question. So, first on the IP part, like in '23, I think first three quarters we had, the growth was much more challenged. It's primarily with the compare the previous year, but -- some of the macro uncertainties. But as you can see in Q4, we had very strong growth in IP, more than 30% growth in IP. And also, this whole AI super-cycle, as you know, is driving much more disaggregation, right? So, the 3D-IC is concentrated at HPC and AI application. And that requires more IP, like UCIe or SerDes IP, and then HPM and memory IP. And that's why we acquired assets of -- the five assets of Rambus. And overall our own portfolio in UCIe and DDR and all is doing pretty well. And then, we did several acquisitions to improve our talent in IP. So, overall I do think, because of AI, because of our own actions, that IP should do much better in 2024. That's our current modeling. And '23 had some unusual challenges, like I mentioned. But going forward, IP business should improve. And we have focused on profitability over the last few years in our IP business. And I think I'm pleased to say that the profitability levels we are happy with now, okay? So, now, I think we can focus more on growth and expanding our portfolio. And you may have also seen that there's all these other activity at most advanced nodes and more foundries. And we're also pleased with our partnership with Intel, Intel Foundry that we just announced today. And also all the other major foundries, but we are very glad to do much more with the IFS and that should also help our IP business going forward.
John Wall: And Vivek, I'd just like to add, I mean, you asked about how to look at the revenue growth. We tend to look over a three-year CAGR, because most of our customers are in three-year baseline contracts on the software side. And if you look at -- since 2017, our three-year CAGR has been accelerating and it continues to accelerate. In 2022, we hit 15%. We actually exceeded 15% on a three-year CAGR basis. For last year, we're very, very pleased that we were over 15% again. And then, at the midpoint of the guide for '24, the three-year CAGR is about 15.3%. So that would be three consecutive years of over 15% revenue growth on a three-year CAGR basis. Now, from time to time, you can get some lumpiness in things like hardware timing or IP timing, and that can distort individual quarters or individual years. But we do think looking over a three-year CAGR basis is probably the best way to look at it. That's how we look at it ourselves.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up, maybe John, one or two clarifications. What's the assumption for China contribution in '24? And then, the incremental EBIT, I think from the guidance, it seems like it's below 50%, right? It's still impressive, but it is below what we have been used to the last few years. If you could clarify that, that'll be very helpful also. Thank you.
John Wall: Yeah, sure. Great questions again, Vivek. On the incremental margin front, we typically don't start the year in the initial guide with over 50%. We tend to start lower than that and we build towards greater than 50% with growth through the year. As you know, we always like to under-promise and over-deliver. And if you look at our incremental margin over the last few years, it was slightly lower in 2023 compared to previous years. And that's because on the organic side, we had incremental margins north of 55%, but we did some acquisitions. And typically, when you have an acquisition, it can be dilutive in the early year or two, and that's a bit of a headwind for incremental margins. In relation to China, glad you asked me about that, China, the last four years for China, China has contributed 15% of our 2020 revenue, then followed that with 13% of '21, 15% in '22 and 17% in '23. Now, last year, I think China benefited from that large hardware backlog that we had. There was kind of an outsized portion of that backlog was for the China region. So, it was a boon year last year for China. I wouldn't expect to repeat that this year. In fact, our guide would expect China to be flat or slightly down. So, we've kind of de-risked China into the 14% to 15% range for this year, which would be consistent with the previous three years.
Vivek Arya: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Let me apologize in advance for the background noise. I wanted to ask about the disconnect between record levels of cRPO and what is assumed in your revenue outlook and as well your higher outlook for up-front revenue. And so, why the assumption that less of that cRPO translates into revenue in fiscal year '24, especially considering the higher mix of up-front?
John Wall: Yeah, Gary, good questions. In terms of cRPO and the relationship between cRPO and this year's revenue, if you recall last year, we had over six months of hardware backlog in cRPO at the end of 2022. So, a large portion of our hardware revenue in '23 came out of backlog at the end of '22. We ramped up production capacity and we're back to more normal levels of about eight weeks lead time now for deliveries on hardware, which is really, really important for customers. Customers want to be able to purchase the hardware and feel like they're going to get delivery of that hardware within a year. So, typically, your revenue on hardware is more correlated to your production capacity than it is to what's coming out of backlog versus what's coming out of new business in the year. And as a result of addressing those hardware lead times, the revenue profile for this year takes a slightly different shape to 2023. In 2023, in Q1, we had a lot of hardware coming out of backlog. In 2024, we expect another record hardware revenue year and the business is planning to build more hardware each quarter throughout 2024 to meet that demand. But there's kind of more of -- I guess, hardware revenue is expected to grow quarter-over-quarter this year, whereas last year Q1 was our biggest hardware quarter.
Gary Mobley: Just to be clear, John, cRPO does not include hardware backlogs that RPO does?
John Wall: cRPO would include hardware. I mean, even when you have over six months hardware delivery lead time, it would all be expected to revenue in a year. So that's -- although it's in your backlog, it's also all in your cRPO. So, cRPO last year would have had a lot more hardware in it than cRPO this year, certainly on the product revenue side.
Gary Mobley: All right. And I want to circle back, Anirudh, on a metric you gave in your prepare remarks, that is a quadrupling of the Cerebrus run rate at several market shaping customers. So, should we take that to mean the annual contract value for those who took Cerebrus at market shaping customers quadrupled? Or maybe if you can just clarify that I've been missing that?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Hi, Gary. So yeah, I think Cerebrus is doing very well. It's deployed at all the top 10 customers. And actually, even AI, in general, we mentioned number of customers engagements are up like 10x in the last 12 months. And so, Cerebrus, run rate -- as we have mentioned before, the Cerebrus business, first the customers will try some and then they will adopt more. So, I think what's good to see in Q4 is what people were -- what the customers were doing and then they have adopted that in a much bigger -- at a much bigger rate. So, we are happy to see that. I think there is still room to go in that. Like we have always mentioned that we think it will take two contract cycles and we are like -- that's six years and we are like two years into it or two or three years into it. But that's good in our model, right? We want consistent growth going forward, but yes, the uptake in Cerebrus is very promising. And then, the other products are -- came a little after Cerebrus, like Verisium or Allegro X AI or Virtuoso Studio or Optimality, and they're also seeing good progression. So, overall, in terms of AI, what I'm very happy about is, I mentioned this before also in the last call, we have three big ways to benefit from AI. And this is true for any kind of new technologies. There are a lot of comparisons to AI, but if you compare it to like the Internet, the first phase is the infrastructure development, okay? So -- and this are marquee partnership with NVIDIA, which we have had for more than a decade. And we talked about it today, we're developing AI products with them. Them developing their own chips. Palladium, we are a development partner with NVIDIA in Palladium for more than a decade. And that also puts Palladium in a very strong position with all the other kind of AI developments. So that's the first phase of AI benefit, which is more the infrastructure. And then, the second phase is like what you asked, which is our own products. And it started with Cerebrus in digital side, but now we have five major kind of co-pilot platforms in all the five businesses. And those are progressing pretty well moving from like initial deployments to more wider deployments. And that's the second phase of AI deployments in which AI will be adopted into existing products, like chip design and system design. And one thing I want to point out is there's a lot of talk of what is a good application for AI. I believe one of the best applications for AI is chip design. It's because over the last 30 years, we have done so much work in automatic chip design. We have a language like RTL. We have all kinds of optimization we have built in. So, the chip process is already very automated. So, it's an ideal thing to apply AI on top of it for chip and systems design, which is what we are seeing. And then, the third phase of AI is new products that will enable. And I have believed for several years, and that's why the investment in OpenAI -- the OpenEye. The biggest new market that AI will enable will be life sciences, okay, and biosimulation and bio life sciences. And I think you will see that years going forward. So, there are these three phases of our AI activity: one is AI infrastructure, two is applying AI to our own products for chip and system design, and third is AI in bio and life sciences. So, overall, I'm very pleased, very confident in our positioning in AI and the results we are delivering.
Gary Mobley: Thanks for the detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good afternoon. Anirudh, you noted the large number of new products you've introduced just in the last year, Virtuoso Studio, Optimality, Allegro X and so forth, and then of course Millennium just a couple of weeks ago. Could you talk about how you're thinking about the contribution of those incrementally, collectively this year as part of your guidance and perhaps even rank the ones that you think might be most incremental to your revenue growth this year over and above the pre-existing products, such as Innovus and the signoff products? Then, my follow-up.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, hi, Jay, good question. I mean, as you know, we are a very innovative company and we have done that for years now and we invest one of the highest percentages of R&D -- of revenue into R&D. And then, it's good to have all these new products in multiple areas. Of course, the three big areas being like EDA, SDA and AI. But we don't try to like rank our children. We want all of them to do well. And it's also difficult to predict how it will -- because these are all for the long run, right? So, there is, of course, a lot of momentum with the AI products. There's a lot of momentum with 3D-IC and chiplet, as you know. There's Millennium, I'm super excited about. I think this is the biggest innovation in CFD in the last 30 years. And I talked about the three-layer cake, right, which is AI orchestration at the top layer, the physical simulation physics-based modeling at the middle layer, and then accelerated computer at the bottom layer. And CFD needed to be disrupted in that context, right? So, we have it -- and we didn't talk about it much when we made the acquisition about two years ago, is this acquisition from Stanford Cascade, which is very, very high fidelity, very accurate to CFD. So, we had that at the heart of it, and then AI on top, and then accelerate compute at the bottom together with NVIDIA, and this completely changes the game in CFD. For the first time, we are able to simulate entire cars and planes in a few hours. It's almost emulation for systems that have never been possible before. So, there is a lot of potential in Millennium now, because Millennium is a new product. We are offering both cloud and on-prem. Palladium is mostly, as you know -- on our chip business, Palladium is mostly on-prem, but Millennium is both in CFD. And right now, most of the customers are choosing the cloud version, which is great, it's more ratable, okay? So then, Millennium. And then, you must have seen today, we have this great partnership with Dassault. Actually, I'm also pretty happy about that. Dassault is a leader in PLM and MCAD and overall partnership, we have broadening partnership with Dassault. And then, we talked about our IP business, how that can grow, and this new partnership with Intel and IFS, and hardware continues to do well. So, I think it's good to have multiple engine, contributing to the growth. And then, we always focus on margin at the same time. So, we are well positioned going forward, but it's difficult to predict which one will do better than the others, and we don't guide on a product basis anyway as of now.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: All right. So that's a good segue to my follow-up. And since you mentioned Dassault, Cadence is actually quite visible here at the conference today, and so my question is when you think about your ISD strategy generally and perhaps CFD specifically, can you talk about the kind of resources and investments you're having to make to effectuate that strategy beyond or over and above the core EDA strategy? And what do you know now about those markets that you might not have known three, four, five years ago when you were much earlier in developing the strategy?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, Jay, that's a good question. I mean, one thing to point out, our SDA business is about -- in 2023, is about 12% of revenue. It's already at a good pace. And also, it has enough scale now to apply significant of R&D to that space. And also simulation space, right? We know simulation space pretty well. And there's a lot of high R&D synergy from our EDA R&D to SD&A R&D. So, I'm pretty happy with how much R&D we have invested and we'll continue to invest there. But at the same time, it is also very profitable, okay, which is -- which our model always, right, is not just revenue growth, but also profitability. And which we -- when you asked me what -- we thought it should be more profitable when we started six years ago because simulation is more profitable in EDA. So that's what is playing out in SDA. So, it is pretty profitable. And it has played out roughly to the extent I thought it would. Simulation always is accuracy first and then performance and capacity. And the market is always looking for new simulators, and that's how it has played out in electromagnetic. And then, in CFD now I'm much more confident with this disruption, this massive disruption with Millennium. And the key thing with Dassault, and we have mentioned this before, as we -- I'm very confident in SD&A. You can see in terms of product synergy, product differentiation, but we have always said that we are a computational software company. So that also means what we will not do, right? So typically things in the system space, which are not as computational are things like PLM, things like implementation MCAD, mechanical CAD platforms, and Dassault is the clear leader in those. They are great in PLM, they are great with SolidWorks, in CATIA, in the high end. So, it's a perfect partner for Cadence, as we focus on computational software and EDA and SDA, packaging and PCB to partner with Dassault, and we're glad to see that expansion that was announced today.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you, Anirudh.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Back to your IP business, it was up 4 percentage points, 5 percentage points last year. And I know that it was a relatively tough comp relative to 2022, but I would have thought that the growth in IP would have been closer to your overall growth, just given that higher chip design complexity does motivate your customers to license more IP in order to drive efficiencies in their chip design cycle time. So, was there some customer push-offs of IP into this year, just maybe given timing of customer programs, or was there some other dynamic that play into? And relative to your outlook for 12% total growth this year, how do you think your IP business does this year?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, good question. I think the shape of the IP revenue last year was a little atypical. I mean, I think the two reasons were in 2023 we had very, very strong Q4, but first three quarters were not strong at all. So overall year is in the single digits, like you mentioned, but a very strong Q4. So, I think there are a couple of reasons for that. One is that there were some tough compares from '22 to '23 in IP, especially in the beginning of the year. And then like I mentioned, of course, last couple of years, the macro environment has been tough, though it is improving now. And then, IP typically gets affected more than others, in terms of a tough macro semiconductor environment. So, as a combination of that, I think the first three quarters were more challenging. But Q4 and then going into this year, I'm pretty cautiously optimistic about IP. One, our portfolio is better, is broader, and then this whole AI super-cycle, like I mentioned, and then, new engagements we have like with IFS and other companies. So overall, I feel better about '24. John, you want to comment about the...
John Wall: Yeah, of course. Harlan, as you know, we always focus on profitable and scalable revenue growth, and the IP revenue contributes largely to our up-front revenue percentage. But last year for 2023 our up-front revenue percentage increased from 15% to 16%, that was on the back of a strong record hardware year. But as you say, IP revenue growth was quite low in comparison to prior years. This year, we're expecting the 16% to go to 17.5%. That's because we expect both of those to contribute significantly to improvement in up-front revenue this year.
Anirudh Devgan: And then, we expect the IP growth to be higher than Cadence average this year. We'll see how it plays out. Okay? Yeah.
Harlan Sur: Perfect. No, thank you for that. And then, good to see the strong outperformance on the SDA business, right up 22% last year, certainly, outgrowing the overall marketing your peers in that segment. The recent Millennium M1 supercomputer, I think, is a great example of the synergies between your chip design portfolio, your SDA portfolio, right? You're basically taking the success you've had in hardware-based verification and emulation, sort of bringing that same concept to your SDA portfolio. Seems like there would be a lot of untapped demand for hardware acceleration within your SDA customer base. Like, how big is this market opportunity for the team as you look out over the next several years?
Anirudh Devgan: Absolutely. Even for 30 years, even when I was in grad school, I always believed that hardware acceleration is a massive opportunity for EDA and SDA in general. And you see that borne out in Palladium. So, we have always dreamed about hardware acceleration. And that's why this three-layer cake, hardware acceleration is the bottom layer. And of course, AI orchestration is the top layer. And a perfect example is Palladium. Now, in Palladium and hardware emulation, what happened is, if you look at overall function verification on the chip side first, it's more than a $2 billion business, okay, I think if you look at all the software. And hardware became roughly 50% of that. So, hardware-assisted verification became almost 50% of chip verification. Now, CFD is also a $2 billion business, okay, and it needed this hardware-based acceleration along with AI. So, I don't know whether it will play out the same way, but there's a potential of a big portion of CFD to go to hardware-based acceleration, okay? Now, it will take a few years, and we are clearly leading in that. And the other thing it does, hardware-based acceleration or emulation for CFD, is it will improve the market size of CFD as well. Like I was talking to one of these big aerospace companies and they said, current CFD, the current simulation is only done to 20% of the flight envelope, okay, which is unheard of in chip design, right? In chip design, we simulate 99-point-some percent of the use cases so that when the chip comes back it works. But if you look at the system domain, because the accuracy is not there, because the speed is not there, they're only covering 20% of the use cases and all of them only in software. So, the potential with Millennium is one that 20% goes to much closer to much higher than 50%, and then a big portion of that can go to hardware-assisted emulation and verification. And by the way, the same thing can repeat again, this three-layer cake can repeat again in bio, which is a few years out. But I think right now the opportunity is there in system simulation and CFD. So, I'm pretty optimistic, but it's a new use case for that market. And sometimes the new use cases can take some time to deploy. So, we always have to be cautious about that. But the response so far has been phenomenal. And because they were doing some of this themselves, the customers, but to have a combined solution with AI, software, and hardware. And you are exactly right. It mimics our success we have done on the chip side.
Harlan Sur: Yeah. Insightful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gianmarco Conti with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Gianmarco Conti: Yeah. Hi, there. Thank you for taking my questions. So, I know you've touched on this already, but could you run us again through the phasing of top-line and margins for 2024 guidance, as well as providing some more color on what is causing the lower level of revenue seasonality in your Q1 guidance, given Q1 implies 22% versus the median of 25% over the past seven years in terms of the seasonality? Can we explain this perhaps by hardware and/or IP timing, or is there something else? Thank you.
John Wall: Thanks, Gianni, for the question. Yeah, on the revenue side, we expect 2024 to take a slightly different shape to 2023. That's largely a function of the revenue mix by quarter. You'll recall last year, in 2023, we had 20% up-front revenue in Q1 when the year ended up at 16%. But this year for Q1, we're expecting 14% in Q1 when the year is expected to be 17.5%. So, clearly from that you expect that -- we'd expect that up-front revenue to increase quarter after quarter this year, whereas last year Q1 was really the high watermark for up-front revenue. And then, on the expense side, we've invested heavily. We have about 1,000 extra heads this year. And that's for continued innovation and we're launching new products all the time. But so that -- but that expense on some of the acquisitions is more front loaded for the year. And as a result, that's kind of feeding into lower margins for Q1 in comparison to the rest of the year. For Q2, Q3 and Q4, we'd expect margins to be similar or higher than last year. Yeah, I think that's -- those are probably the main things to get across.
Gianmarco Conti: Yeah, that was really good. Thank you. Really helpful. And perhaps just one last follow-up on commentary around expectations of operating cash flow into next year. I mean, the lower end kind of seems flat. So perhaps what are the moving levers there? And also, how can 70% of the backlog is flowing into 2024 compared to 75% in '23? Thank you.
John Wall: Yeah, Gianni, let me take the second part first, and I'll come back to the cash question. So, last year we had over six months of lead times for -- hardware delivery lead times. So there was a lot of last year's hardware revenue came out of backlog. The 5% shift can pretty much all be allocated to less hardware coming out of backlog for this year. Now, hardware revenue for the year will probably be more a reflection like it has been the last few years of just how much hardware we're able to produce in the year. And we expect to increase hardware production each quarter for this year to meet the demand that we're expecting. Last year, the operating cash flow was kind of muted. It was less than, although we beat on all our metrics, we came in just under the midpoint of $1,350 million. I think it was $1,349 million for operating cash flow. But that included us investing, spending a lot to ramp up on purchase -- advanced purchase of raw materials to build that inventory that we believe we need for hardware this year. We intend to do that again in Q1. So, we've already included that in our operating cash guide. So, we're investing some of that operating cash to improve gross margins by pre-purchasing a bunch of raw materials that we believe we need for -- to keep up with the demand on the hardware side. The other thing I wanted to highlight is that the business' forecast for hardware is again for another record hardware revenue year and for hardware demand to continue to accelerate quarter after quarter this year. Normally, I wouldn't include some of their expected demand for the second half, but until I see that, it's a pipeline business. So, we look at lead times. We look at the pipeline kind of closer to the summer before taking up the second half of the year. So, the guide does not include the full forecast from the business. I like to hedge that back in the second half until we get to the summer. I'd prefer to see the pipeline come through and then, there is potential to take the second half higher when we see that pipeline.
Gianmarco Conti: That's fantastic. Thank you. Very clear.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Tilton with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Tilton: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. John, you kind of anticipated what I was going to ask with your last comment there. So, I just want to clarify very simply, is what you -- should we just interpret what you said is that even this strong up-front revenue guide, which I think implies another year of 20%-plus growth, would still fall under the motto of under-promise and over-deliver?
John Wall: Yeah, I think that's fair. That's fair. But I didn't include the full forecast. The guide would have been higher. Of course, we have strong IP as well this year. I mean, certainly compared to last year, IP didn't contribute a huge amount. I mean, it's been great business for us. But we're much more confident going into '24 of the IP contribution to 2024 revenue. But hardware is going to be strong. Again, I mean, by nature, we always like to kind of hold back on the second half guide for hardware until we see the pipeline around summertime. So I haven't included the full forecast from the business in the guide.
Josh Tilton: Super helpful. And then just my follow up is, how do you see the competition, maybe specifically in digital, changing if at all, if Synopsys can indeed close this Ansys acquisition and fully integrate Ansys' toolset into their design flow?
Anirudh Devgan: Well, I don't think that will change the competitive landscape at all, is my assessment, in digital or even in SD&A. Because digital anyway, we are competing very effectively in the marketplace. And with this AI, it is pulling in a full -- digital full-flow position. I think your comment may be more tied to part of digital, which is like 3D-IC. But with 3D-IC, we've always talked about there are three big portions of 3D-IC. There is actual chip implementation tools, which is -- I mean, digital is much bigger than that, right? Digital, we have a very big business, which is growing at all the top 20 customers. But 3D-IC has these three components to it. One is the chip design tools. So, in chip design tools, we are the only company that has both analog and digital chip implementation, okay? And the second part in 3D-IC is package design. And Cadence is the leader in package design, and that thing is still the very strong differentiation, no matter what the M&A news is outside. And then, the third part is the simulation tools like thermal and electromagnetic, and there we are already doing pretty well. So, I'm very confident in our product positioning and competitive advantage, no matter what happens on the M&A side, because anyway, we are competing very effectively. And then, the other thing that is good about Cadence is we also form very strong partnership in the ecosystem. We talked about Dassault on the SD&A side. But the other one that I want to highlight, we have a lot of news today, but one of the things I want to highlight is our partnership with Arm. Arm is also expanding into what they call Total Design, going into more towards silicon, more towards custom solutions. And we are the exclusive partner with Arm as they go implement that. And that really also helps our digital business. And so, overall, I feel pretty confident in our digital position, including 3D-IC.
Josh Tilton: Super helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ruben Roy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Ruben Roy: Yeah, thank you. Anirudh, I just had a quick question. I guess, to go back to Vivek's question on growth rates, I understand the three-year category, it's been excellent. It's been growing, and that's really nice to see. But when you think about these phases of AI at this point, is it too early to start thinking about contribution from AI as you go through these renewals? I mean, can you talk about how -- if there is -- if you're seeing an impact yet or what that impact is or how we should think about AI as sort of you think about the next three years or contribution to growth looking forward?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. I think AI is definitely helping us already. Like you mentioned about our AI tools by itself has gone up by 3x and then Cerebrus more -- higher than that, and then also AI itself is -- the infrastructure part of AI, like our partnership with NVIDIA and all the hyperscalers. So, overall, we are pretty pleased with that. But of course, we are mostly a ratable business. So, these things take like multiple years to bleed in. And I think that's fine. Our model always is to have strong revenue growth and margin growth. So, I think this thing will still take multiple years to come into our model, but I think that's a good thing. It provides multiple years of growth.
John Wall: I think it's very early innings right now on the AI adoption. We've been focused mainly on proliferation, and we're very, very pleased with the uptake of our AI tools and just how strongly they're growing on the booking side. It is starting to feed into the P&L already, but as Anirudh said, because it's ratable, that takes time to show up in total. But very, very early innings in adoption of AI tools right now. I think, there's a lot more to go.
Ruben Roy: Right. Okay, that's very helpful. Thanks, guys. And then just quickly, John, you talked a lot about the hardware, and I think it's pretty clear at this point. But just to make sure I understand, it sounds like lead times have normalized. Is that correct? And also, in terms of sort of the visibility you get from your customer base, that hasn't changed, right? Is that what you're saying in terms of how far out your customers are ordering it? I guess it would be just kind of a function of increased attach rates, which is giving you the confidence that you're going to have another big growth year in hardware. I just want to make sure I'm thinking about that correctly.
John Wall: I think you are, yes. Yeah, I mean the business has great confidence in terms of what they're hearing from customers and customers' plans and budget plans. But I pushed back on the forecast. And as you know I mean hardware itself from a purchasing perspective has some degree of seasonality in it, but like a Q4 would always be bigger for purchasing activity from customers than a Q1. And now that we're down to more normal lead times, you kind of have that growth quarter-over-quarter built into the forecast. Now, again, I've been conservative in the second half on that forecast. But still even with my conservatism, I still have second half being higher than the first half of hardware.
Ruben Roy: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just to follow up on some of the earlier questions. So, I think of your growth as being tied to the R&D budgets at your customers, not the revenue at your customers. And certainly R&D budgets, they tend to move around more steadily perhaps. And then, Anirudh, you mentioned earlier, a lot of your revenue is ratable at the same time. So basically, changes can take some time to work through the model. I just wanted to ask though, because I think 2024 has the potential to see a pretty big inflection in R&D spending within the semi-customer base. If you are maybe seeing that: A, is it included in your outlook starting the year? And then, B, if it does end up moving higher and influencing kind of renewals and purchasing decisions, does that actually manifest in a bigger way, probably more in 2025 than it really would in 2024?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, Joe, that's a very good observation. I mean, definitely the -- we are like -- we are very diversified. We are very ratable. We are tied to R&D, which are all good things in our model. And then, the mood seems to be changing a little bit. '23, as we have mentioned before, was a tough environment, though we kind of grew very well. And there was some change, I feel, in Q4 in the overall -- I mean, you guys know that as well, in the overall macro sentiment. And maybe there will be more investment in '24 and '25. But I think we based our outlook and John can comment more on the backlog that we see rather than guessing what will happen in '24 and '25. But if there is an improvement in R&D, then that's good for our business. But we do see that there's a lot of design activity and then we see our position improving the EDA and IP especially this year and continuing expanding in SDA and AI.
John Wall: Yeah. Certainly everyone's field seems to be more optimistic this time this year compared to this time last year. This time last year, everyone was asking me "When was the recession going to happen?" But this year, design activity seems to be strong. Even when we talk about China, we're still seeing strong design activity in China, but I de-risked the guide for that because part of the large outperformance in China last year in achieving 17% of our revenue was because of that hardware backlog. And now that we're back to more normal lead times, it's prudent to assume that China revenue drops back to prior levels of between kind of 14%, 15%. But so that's embedded in the guide. I thought the right thing -- I mean, we always -- the approach this time of the year is always try to de-risk the guide for the things that we think people might be concerned about, and then have the business focus on doing the best business with customers for the long term. But we always feel our Cadence employees do the best business when they're not chasing.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Yeah, I think that's all smart. And then, I guess, John, just on kind of your approach to forecasting the up-front revenues, I think in 3Q, you were kind of intimating that, look, we're running at kind of an elevated share of total. We haven't typically been 15% coming from up-front products. So, maybe it normalizes. And now it's changing and suddenly it's going to remain a higher share of total. Can you just go into what changed in 4Q and is any of that kind of AI -- obviously, verification hardware, I mean, these AI designs basically need the cutting edge. Is AI acutely being seen in the strength of your hardware order activity?
John Wall: Yes, yeah, of course. And partly it's that, I mean, if you've seen over the last number of years, we've seen the up-front contribution to our revenue mix has been increasing and it went from 15% in '22 to 16% last year. And I think what you're referring to is that we expected to go to 17.5% this year. That's a virtue of an expectation that we're going to have another record hardware revenue year, that we expect stronger IP growth this year compared to last. We feel much more confident in contribution from IP growth. And of course, we're launching new products all the time. Now, in relation to things like Millennium, we expect a large part of Millennium sales to be cloud-based, but maybe not all of them will be cloud based. I think that's another tailwind potentially for up-front revenue for the year. But I've hedged back slightly what I expect in the second half, because I'd like to see the pipeline in the summer before we take that up even higher. But the forecast is higher than 17.5%. But I'm only comfortable with going out with a guide of 17.5% for up-front revenue for this year.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Thank you very much.
Anirudh Devgan: And just to add, AI contributes to -- I mean, the AI design activity, as you know, contributes to hardware strength, given our strong position. And also, AI is more HPC and chiplet based, and it does help our IP business as well, and then, all the comments on Millennium. But let's see how it progresses. But yeah, I mean, the IP is also strong this year along with hardware and Millennium.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: I will now turn it back to Anirudh Devgan for closing remarks.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It is an exciting time for Cadence as we enter 2024 with product leadership and strong business momentum. Our continued execution of the Intelligent System Design strategy, customer-first mindset, and our high-performance and inclusive culture are driving accelerating growth as we grow our core EDA business while expanding our portfolio. Fortune and Great Place to Work named Cadence as one of the World's Best Workplaces in 2023, ranking it Number 9. And on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers, partners, and investors for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Bo, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Richard Gu, Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard Gu: Thank you, operator. I would like to welcome everyone to our third quarter of 2023 earnings conference call. I'm joined today by Anirudh Devgan, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on our website at cadence.com. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements, including our outlook on future business and operating results. Due to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today's discussion. For information on factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, CFO commentary and today's earnings release. All forward-looking statements during this call are based on estimates and information available to us as of today, and we disclaim any obligation to update them. In addition, we will present certain non-GAAP measures, which should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, GAAP results. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. For the Q&A session today, we'd ask that you observe a limit of one question and one follow-up. Now, I will turn the call over to Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you, Richard. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Cadence delivered strong results for the third quarter of 2023. We exceeded our Q3 guidance on all key metrics and are raising our outlook for 2023. John will provide more details on our financials shortly. Notwithstanding the macro uncertainties, design activity remains strong, driven by transformative generational trends such as AI, hyperscale computing, 5G and autonomous driving. Growing hyperconvergence between electrical and mechanical domains, systems and semis, and hardware and software, is driving the need for tightly integrated co-design and analysis solutions. Additionally, trends such as a growing number of 3D-IC and chiplet designs, and system companies building custom silicon, are accelerating. In this rapidly evolving design landscape, the relevance of AI-driven design automation cannot be overstated, as it's enabling customers to accelerate their pace of innovation, while enabling them to meet their targets more efficiently. Over the past few years, we focused initially on incorporating powerful AI algorithms in our core engines, and then built our Generative AI solutions on top of our software platforms. We are seeing growing momentum for our comprehensive JedAI Generative AI platform, with an increasing number of customers adopting these solutions, and achieving exceptional quality of results and productivity gains. While still in the early stages, sales of our GenAI solutions have nearly tripled in the last year. Our solutions are enabling marquee AI infrastructure platform companies to deliver their next-generation compute, networking, and memory products. Last quarter, we had referenced our successes with NVIDIA and Tesla. And this quarter, we're pleased to announce that Broadcom has accelerated the adoption of Cadence Cerebrus across multiple business units, achieving impressive quality of results. In Q3, we pioneered leveraging GenAI's LLM capabilities to chip design, successfully collaborating with Renesas on accelerating functional specification to final design. This is a key step in demonstrating the potential of LLMs to automate the translation of natural language specifications to final chip design and verification tasks, thereby boosting their quality and efficiency. We also renewed and deepened collaborations with some large semi and systems customers in the 5G, AI, hyperscale and connectivity areas. For instance, we strengthened our long-standing partnership with a global marquee systems company through a significant expansion of our EDA software, hardware, design IP and system solutions. As the digital transformation in aerospace and defense accelerates, we continued our momentum by enhancing our core EDA and systems footprint with several customers, including at two market shaping companies. Now let me share some of the business highlights starting with Digital IC. With 11 new wins, our digital full flow delivering industry leading quality of results at the most advanced nodes, continued proliferating with market shaping customers. We are very pleased with the accelerating momentum of our flagship Cadence Cerebrus GenAI solution, whose transformative results have led to its deployment at all of our top 10 digital customers and in about 300 tapeouts to date. Imagination Technologies used Cadence Cerebrus and our digital full flow on its latest 5 nanometer GPU design in the cloud, to achieve a 20% reduction in leakage power. Next, I will talk about our Functional Verification business, which had another strong quarter with 18% year-over-year revenue growth. Ever-growing system design complexity coupled with the need for first time right silicon, continued to drive strong demand for our Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 hardware platforms that provide industry-leading system verification and software bring-up capabilities. Our hardware business had a record Q3 with close to half of the hardware orders including both platforms. Highlights for the quarter included a major dynamic duo expansion with a top AI and automotive chip supplier, and a significant deal with a market shaping datacenter chip company. Our flagship Custom IC business continued to pave the way in analog innovation, delivering 15% year-over-year revenue growth. We're pleased with the reception to our AI-driven Virtuoso Studio solution as several marquee customers adopt it for their N2 and N3 designs, and it has close to a thousand downloads since its launch six months ago. And Nisshinbo Micro Devices utilized the Virtuoso Studio Custom IC design platform to gain a 30% reduction in turnaround time for routing analog blocks. In Q3, we continued investing in our IP business and closed the acquisition of the Rambus PHY IP assets. Customer reception has been overwhelmingly positive to the addition of their HBM and GDDR IP to our Star Design IP portfolio. Design IP had a record bookings quarter with strong AI and chiplet design activity, especially in the mobile, automotive and hyperscaler verticals. In addition, we launched our Tensilica Neo NPU IP and NeuroWeave software tools to accelerate on-device and edge AI performance. Our System Design and Analysis business that is driving our expansion beyond EDA continued to deliver strong growth, increasing revenue by 20% year-over-year. On the PCB front, Allegro X AI has several successful engagements with market-shaping customers underway, and we announced OrCAD X, our next-generation AI-driven PCB Design solution, enabled by Cadence OnCloud, and targeting small and medium businesses. Our Fidelity CFD platform continued its strong momentum with customers in automotive, aerospace and defense and industrial verticals. In summary, I'm pleased with our team's continued innovation and execution. We're well positioned to benefit from the tremendous opportunities ahead, as we help customers design their differentiated products with improved quality of results, productivity and shorter time to market. I did want to take a moment to comment on the unfolding conflict in the Middle East. The ongoing violence and the loss of innocent lives is truly heartbreaking and a matter of global concern. The wellbeing of our employees and their families in the region is of utmost importance to us and we'll continue doing everything we can to support them. Our thoughts are with everyone who has family, friends and loved ones there and we are helping out by providing humanitarian aid through the Cadence Giving Foundation. John will now go through the Q3 results and present our Q4 and updated 2023 outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Anirudh, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report that Cadence delivered another strong quarter of top- and bottom-line results in Q3. All businesses contributed to revenue growth, and we completed more hardware installations in Q3 than we originally assumed. Here are some of the financial highlights from the third quarter, starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $1.023 billion. GAAP operating margin was 28.6%, and non-GAAP operating margin was 41.1%. GAAP EPS was $0.93, and non-GAAP EPS was $1.26. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Cash balance at quarter-end was $962 million, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $650 million. Operating cash flow was $396 million. And we used $125 million to repurchase Cadence shares in Q3. Before I provide our updated outlook, I'd like to highlight that our outlook contains the usual assumption that export control regulations that exist today remain substantially similar for the remainder of the year. Our updated outlook for fiscal 2023 is, revenue in the range of $4.06 billion to $4.1 billion. GAAP operating margin in the range of 30.5% to 31%. Non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 41.5% to 42%. GAAP EPS in the range of $3.48 to $3.54. Non-GAAP EPS in the range of $5.07 to $5.13. Operating cash flow in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion, and we expect to use at least 50% of our annual free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares. As a result, for Q4, we expect revenue in the range of $1.039 billion to $1.079 billion. GAAP operating margin of approximately 31%. Non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 42%. GAAP EPS in the range of $0.85 to $0.91. Non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.30 to $1.36, and we expect to use approximately $125 million of cash to repurchase Cadence shares. As usual, we've published a CFO Commentary document on our Investor Relations website, which includes our outlook for additional items, as well as further analysis and GAAP to Non-GAAP reconciliations. In summary, we are on track to deliver a strong 2023. I am pleased with our team's continued execution of our Intelligent System Design strategy. With our updated outlook for 2023, at the midpoint, we now expect: revenue growth of approximately 15%; non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 41.75%, a seventh consecutive year of greater than 50% incremental operating margin; and non-GAAP EPS of $5.10, a sixth consecutive year of high-teen or better non-GAAP EPS growth. As always, I'd like to close by thanking our customers, partners, and our employees for their continued support. And with that, operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Charles Shi at Needham.
Charles Shi: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I want to ask you a little bit about the backlog. It looks like your backlog compared with last quarter was up. I mean, the September quarter kind of implies very good bookings for September quarter. Just want to ask, do you see the backlog will continue to grow into the year-end? Because you talked about the second half booking strength. I want to see where it goes from here. Thank you.
John Wall: Yeah, Charles, thanks for the question, and thanks for remembering what we said last quarter. Yeah, we expect a very strong second half for bookings, and Q4 is exceptionally strong. But -- so, our expectations for bookings is very, very strong Q4.
Charles Shi: Thanks. Maybe I want to ask a one quick follow-up. You kind of raised your full year revenue outlook a little bit less than you beat the Q3 in terms of revenue. It kind of implies that your full year outlook you provided one quarter ago was largely accurate, but there seems to be some timing shift for the revenue, I mean, pulling in from Q4 to Q3. Was that related to your comment about hardware installation, the timing of that? Thank you.
John Wall: That's right, Charles. In hindsight now, I was a little too prudent in the Q3 guide with respect to hardware installations that were scheduled in China around the end of September. If you recall in our guide, we assumed that those installations would fall into Q4. In actual fact, we completed those hardware installations, and the second half looks stronger than we thought this time last quarter. But even with all of those hardware, we kind of beat our expectations in Q3 and Q4 is higher than we thought.
Charles Shi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Gianmarco Conti at Deutsche Bank.
Gianmarco Conti: Yeah. Hi, thank you for taking my questions. I guess my first one would be, when do you expect to be giving out more AI KPIs, whether on contract value uplift or penetration rates, or just, like, any color you can provide us on how can we quantify the AI tailwind in your numbers, and whether we are going to see this coming through in bookings in sometime? Thank you.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Hi, it's Anirudh. Let me take that. So, like we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are seeing a lot of activity in AI. And that's multiple customer and multiple verticals. So, whether it's the system company designing their own chips, or, of course, the semiconductor companies designing it, or we mentioned this time, for example, Broadcom, which helps other companies design it. So, we are participating in the AI kind of design process in all three ways. And last time we talked about NVIDIA and Tesla. And then, on top of that, it's also applying AI to our own products. And then, we have these extra generative AI products on top of our base products that also drives revenue. So, the first part, which is build out of the AI infrastructure, whether it's with, of course, large semi companies like NVIDIA, or like large system companies like Tesla, or companies like Broadcom, I mean, that's a big part of our business. We don't break that out specifically because it's sometimes difficult to figure out exactly what part of customer's business is AI or not, and we don't want to be in that kind of to try to guess what part of our -- what the customers are using it for. But AI is a significant portion of design activity and the buildout that's going to happen for years. Now there's a second part of our business in which we are selling AI products ourselves, like Cerebrus and Verisium and our JedAI platform, which has five main products. So in that segment, if our own software products and IP products are AI enabled, so in that, we did comment that even though it's early in the process, our revenue from our own AI products has almost tripled from a year ago. So, we are very pleased with that progress. So, I just want to highlight that, and also say there's another part of AI, which is the buildout of infrastructure, which is more difficult to predict.
John Wall: And Gian, I would just add to that when Anirudh calls out that's -- the revenue from those products has almost tripled in the space of 12 months, we're not reclassifying any revenue. This is direct revenue attributable to those five products that we have in our JedAI platform.
Gianmarco Conti: Right. That's really good. Thank you. I just have a follow-up, perhaps talking a little bit on China. If you could comment on whether there is any impact from the entity list and the new rules come into place? And also, if you had any visibility into Chinese customers into trying to understand whether you actually know whether they're designing at more mature versus advanced nodes? I feel like there's been a lot of conversation around whether there is a way to track whether EDA tools are being used in China for mature versus advanced nodes. Any color on that -- on this, it would be great. Thank you.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, that's a good question because there were a lot of recent reports on some of the changes in regulation. So for us, there's not that much difference. Most of the regulations were targeted at some chip companies or manufacturing companies. As you know, we are in the design process. So those regulations, the latest round doesn't have a big effect on Cadence business. Now there are some companies added to the entity list. So, we monitor that carefully. But since we are so diversified geographically and in terms of customers, that's not a significant impact either. And all our guidance that we just gave includes the impact of all these regulations that were announced recently. And of course, we carefully follow all U.S. regulation. But the latest change is not that material to our business.
Gianmarco Conti: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Harlan Sur at JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Macro conditions in the semiconductor industry are still fairly muted, right? We're close to a cyclical bottom, but recovery seems more gradual than expected across many different end markets, right? Accelerated computing, AI are strong. Auto, industrial, enterprise service provider market is still relatively soft. So, across some metrics that you track, renewals, hardware buys, IP take rates, is the team seeing any signs of hesitation or pushouts across your different customers or different businesses?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, Harlan, that's a good question. Like we mentioned last time, we still see a lot of strong design activity. And I would say compared to like three months ago, I would say the activity is similar. Like you mentioned, some segments are going through tough times and then some segments like accelerated compute and AI have a lot of growth. But overall, as you know, these products that our customers are designing take several years to develop and we are part of the R&D cycle. So, what we see is the customers still investing in R&D or building our products for the future, and we are glad to partner with them. So, I think I would say that largely, the environment is similar than it was like a three months ago.
John Wall: Yeah, absolutely. And on the hardware side, we're producing hardware as fast as we were all year. And you can see in our 10-Q that we filed today that the value of finished goods and our inventory was less than $10 million at the end of the quarter in Q3. So, the demand is really strong still and we're just producing the hardware as quickly as we can. We're expecting a very strong Q4 as well for our IP group. I mean they're delivering a number of silicon solutions to our customers in Q4. And I think that sets up a really strong quarter for that group, but we were expecting that all year.
Harlan Sur: Yeah. No, I appreciate the comments there. One of your large AI SoC customers recently laid out their future road maps, right? And given the complexity of all these next-generation AI compute workloads right, they're actually accelerating their chip road maps, so new GPU chip every year versus every two years, which was their prior cadence. And then on top of that, they're starting to segment their product lines, right? So, not only accelerating road maps but more chips per product family. I've got to believe that other competitors in this space are doing exactly the same thing. Are you guys seeing the step-up in design activity? Obviously, much higher productivity is required. So, how is this all being sort of reflected in the business momentum and your visibility?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, good point. I mean like you said earlier, the macro environment is challenging, especially some of the segments are weaker, some are stronger. But design activity is very strong. And especially, I would say, in two verticals for the future, for the future of the semi and the system business, and at least the two very, very strong verticals in terms of design activity, is data center and AI, and then automotive, given the electrification and the massive transformation that's happening. So, if you look at even -- you know this anyway, Harlan, if you look at for the next three, four years, these two segments will grow significantly, the whole AI-driven data centers and automotive. And because they are growing so -- first of all, the cadence of those end customer products is increasing. And also, they need to be more and more efficient given the design activity and complexity is going up. So, there is more design activity and also use of AI to accelerate and be more productive. And even we are using AI internally to be more productive ourselves. So, definitely for these two big, big verticals, and this is a multi-year trend. This is not a -- and you mentioned some of our large customers, we are very fortunate to work with. We always say we want to win with the winners, and we always focus on the leading companies in the data center and AI space and also now in the automotive space. So that activity is strong, and I expect that to continue.
Harlan Sur: Yeah. Well, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Gary Mobley at Wells Fargo.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. John, your upfront license revenue year-to-date has averaged around 17%. I think typically, it's 15%. Given where you're at in the verification hardware product cycles, Z2 and X2 and the conversion of the backlog there, how do you see that upfront revenue trending, looking into next year? And related to that, how would you see the influence on overall growth next year?
John Wall: Yeah, great question, Gary. I mean, we're always watching that carefully. As you know, last year, the upfront piece ticked up to 15%. This year, I think in the 10-Q, if you look over on a rolling four-quarter basis till the end of Q3, it's at 16% now, but I think your point is probably closer to 17% for the first three quarters. But I think that's a reflection of the strength of hardware. On the ratable and recurring part of the business, although that's 84% of the trailing 12-month revenue, if you look at our guide at [40, 80] (ph), I mean, we're assuming essentially about a 13% growth rate on a current revenue line for the year, but that's consistent with like over a three-year CAGR basis is about 13% as well. Of course, we're not guiding next year.
Gary Mobley: Understood. All right. I suspect that we're not going to get any more AI metrics out of you, Anirudh, but maybe if you can just give us a sense of where we're at in the commercialization of the five different AI tools? Have those started working their way in the baseline license renewals? Or are they still on a per design basis and maybe it gives us a sense of where you expect them to cut into baseline licensing activity?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, Gary, that's a good point. So, we are watching that carefully, of course. And as you know, like these JedAI and these five major platforms or new products that our customers should engage with us on and they run on top of our existing kind of leading platforms. So, it depends on the customers. I would still say we are still in the early stages of the adoption of these AI products because, as you know, any of these new software tools take years to fully deploy it, right? I mean, this sort of happened in digital or in any major kind of platform releases we do. So, even though we are like two years into it, I think it will still take some time to fully deploy these products. And what we have said in the past is typically at least in my experience with digital like about seven, eight years ago, it took like two contract cycles for them to fully deploy, okay? So that's still three, four years to go. You're probably like two, three years into it and still three, four years to go, which is a good thing in my mind because this is natural progress of deployment. Now, it depends on the customer. Some customers are adopting them in a much bigger way, especially -- like in the previous discussion, the new kind of AI design or hyperscalers, there is like an improved cadence of design activity. So they are adopting them maybe a little faster than some of the other verticals. So, it just depends on -- some are still on like tried on few designs or a few groups. But we have seen some pretty broad kind of deployment, and that helps our overall engagement with that particular customer. So that's what I would like to say, Gary, that I think it's still early, but what good thing, I think we mentioned in the prepared remarks that all top customers are now fully engaged and some of the results are truly remarkable. Actually, I was talking to one major customer recently, and they are getting like 8% to 10% power improvement from Cerebrus, okay? And we have mentioned several of these in the past also. I mean that's a huge improvement. Sometimes that's equivalent or roughly equivalent to a node migration. Typically, you go from one node to another, you may get like 10% to 15% PPA improvement, and you're getting close to that or roughly two-third of that from better AI tools. So the value is there. And that's what we are focused on, make sure the products really provide value and then work with the customers in the pace of deployment that they want to see because it's a natural process to try some and then deploy. But some of them are doing it much faster, like I mentioned.
Gary Mobley: Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Jay Vleeschhouwer at Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. For my first question, I'd like to ask a variant of the EDA market environment question. So, on the one hand, what are you seeing in terms of unscheduled new business, that is to say, intra-contract new or expansion business that could be construed positively? On the other hand, how concerned are you about the evident deceleration of semi R&D growth? It's still reasonably good, better than four or five years ago, but so much lower than it's been. A lot of that can be attributable to Intel. But still, how are you thinking about those two different dynamics? And then I'll ask a follow-up.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, hi, Jay. Good question. I mean, we are watching it carefully. Like you said -- like we said earlier, I mean, design activity is still strong. But of course, the macro environment is challenging. It's like natural -- even though the customers realize that they need to invest in R&D for the future, if the revenue is impacted because of macro situations, that decisions become a lot more prudent. But -- so this is just natural business process. But in general, still the large customers in the big segment, they're all investing in R&D, design activity is still strong. And then we just have to see -- we had a good Q3 in terms of bookings, like we mentioned. So, we'll see what happens in Q4 and that will also give us a better idea going forward.
John Wall: Jay, as you know, a lot of our customers come back and purchase add-ons during the course of their baseline contracts and with the teams releasing significantly new business -- new products from the different R&D groups that customers have an intent to come back and keep purchasing. So, they don't wait --- when we launch AI tools, they don't wait for the baseline renewal to come up or to expire to purchase them, they'll purchase add-ons and they'll purchase a few licenses and then hopefully proliferate more on the contract renewal. And as you know, we have a lot of contracts that come up for renewal in Q4.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Understood. For a follow-up, I'll ask about some interesting Cadence management comments at last month's Cadence Live event up in Boston. So, there was an interesting comment about the role of AI as "derisking schedules" in addition to the design exploration use case. And what's interesting there is historically, schedule risk or completion risk has to do more towards the back end of the process, for example, physical verification. So, to the extent that more of that risk mitigation moves up earlier in the process, do you think that there will be a spending share shift within the totality of EDA spend, perhaps some from the back end, more towards the front end where you play with a lot of your tools?
Anirudh Devgan: Hey, Jay, I would say that it should lead to more design activity if we are able to reduce risk in the design process. I mean, as you know, this is the history of EDA, history of automation, even for the last 20, 30 years. I remember in the old days in the '90s, we would take like five years and 500 engineers to design some big chip. And now that takes six to 12 months and maybe engineers. So that's like 100 times more efficient than 25 years ago. And I think AI can, as you know, provide the next generation, next level of improvement in productivity and risk mitigation. I mean, part of it is also risk mitigation. So then I think it should lead to more design activity, especially by the system company. Now the shift of front-end to back-end, I mean I think back-end is still a complicated process. And so, I think even though some of the things can be pulled upfront using AI or using hardware platforms, I still think the back-end design process requires a lot of work. So I would expect it affects all of them. And then, the other thing we are trying to do on the front-end, as you may have noticed, is really incorporate LLMs like our partnership with Renesas, because a lot of the front-end process has been less formal. The back-end process, especially once we have RTL, then we go to gates, we go to GDS, it's a very formal process, very structured process. But the front-end of the process, especially verification and specification, has been less formalized. And I think AI and LLM can help formalize that which definitely, like you said, can minimize the risk. But I think activity should still be strong in both front-end and back-end. And our goal anyway is to make the design easier, so more customers and more people can do them.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you, Anirudh.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Jason Celino at KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe first for John, on the Q4 guide. Apologies for asking this again, but folks might be wondering tomorrow, I guess, why aren't we seeing more upside to the guide for fourth quarter? Because where might be some conservatism or what way will you be overlooking in terms of the setup?
John Wall: Yeah, Jason, as you know, your question probably emanates from the fact that we beat by $23 million in Q3 and raised by $10 million, but that was mainly due to a prudent guide for Q3 with respect to certain hardware installations. I think overall, we've taken the quarter up -- or the year up by $10 million at the midpoint. But I think there's -- because it's expected to be a strong bookings quarter and a particularly strong quarter for our IP Silicon Solutions group that -- I mean, they're having -- they're going to have an excellent Q4 that we're expecting that all year. I think if there's upside, it'll probably come from that group.
Jason Celino: Okay. No, that's fair. And then just my quick follow-up on backlog. I know you've got some weird comps because of the hardware stuff. But when might we see like year-over-year growth again? Or I guess if we stripped out the hardware-related backlog, I don't know if there's any way to share what type of growth you might be seeing?
John Wall: Yeah. I think just to give you a bit of color on that, I think if you recall, at the end of last year, our backlog included about 28 weeks of lead time on hardware. I think we're down to an eight to 10 week range now on lead time for hardware. So, of course, we've eaten some backlog as a result of that. But I think we troughed out essentially in the middle of the year. We're expecting the second half to be stronger for contract renewals, because the number of contracts expired in the second half. In Q3, you saw backlog starting to tick back up again. We'd expect it to tick back up again in Q4 because we have a strong bookings quarter, or we're expecting a strong bookings quarter. The one I'd look for really is the annual, the kind of CRPO is the one I track, because I'm looking at the annual value. And I think when you compare the annual value at the end of this year with the annual value of backlog at the end of last year, the thing to remember is the fact that there'll be so much less hardware in it, I would expect, because we have the production capacity now to deliver on the hardware.
Jason Celino: Okay. Perfect. No, it's super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We go next now to Vivek Arya at Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I appreciate it's early for a '24 outlook, but Anirudh, I was hoping that you could give us some color given that your model is 85% recurring. So just conceptually, what is the likelihood Cadence can maintain this kind of mid-teens growth rate? And what would make '24 different or similar to '23 from a growth perspective?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Hi, Vivek. Like before, in Q3, we don't comment on the next year. We are diligent. We want to make sure we finish out the year, see what Q4 looks like, and then we'll be glad to share our assessment in our next -- in the full year, in the February earnings call. And that's what we have done in the past, and that has worked out well, right? So...
Vivek Arya: Okay. On the IP side, I think John, you mentioned that you're expecting a strong quarter for IP in Q4. I was wondering how much would your two recent acquisitions contribute to that? And just longer term, do you think IP has a category over or undergrows the EDA? And does that influence your growth prospects? So both kind of near- and longer-term question on the IP business.
John Wall: Let me take the first part of that, and then I'll hand it over to Anirudh for the second part. I think in relation to the IP business, like I say, we're expecting a strong Q4 for that group. I mean, if you look at the guide we've given for the year, essentially, we're guiding to 14% to 15% revenue growth for the year, which means Q4 over Q4 is going to grow kind of between 15% and 20%. Now, largely that's due to the strength of our IP business in Q4. Do you want to talk about the longer term?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, Vivek, I mean, as you know already, more customers are outsourcing their IP need, and we have always participated in that, and we have always said we want to participate in that in kind of a star IP portfolio so that it's more and more profitable. And the profitability of our IP business has improved over the last few years. And so, I think we are overall happy with the profitability of the IP business. So, now we're trying to see, okay, what other areas can it grow and maintain profitability? And I think the areas that are emerging, which are strong are this whole chiplet-based design and 3D-IC, and which are used for a lot of AI and hyperscaler applications. And that's also the reason we bought the PHY assets of Rambus, which is HBM and GDDR based IP. So, I feel now that our IP portfolio is in the right areas. And also the use of this automotive and hyperscaler and AI IP -- and most of these markets are evolving into chiplet-based and 3D-IC-based designs, which also has certain new IPs like UCIe and other things. So, as a result of that, we are investing more in our IP business as you saw, and then we expect a strong Q4, and then, we'll see what happens in '24.
John Wall: Just to clarify, the contribution from acquisitions is likely to be immaterial for this year. So, the strong Q4 that we're expecting is really from organic business.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Ruben Roy at Stifel.
Ruben Roy: Thank you. Anirudh, I wanted to ask if you could maybe talk a little bit more in detail about the collaboration with Renesas and kind of incorporating Generative AI, LLM into chip design. I think you mentioned some expectations for quality improvement, efficiency improvement. I would think that longer term, you'd be thinking about productivity improvement as well. Are those milestones that you're expecting to have answers about within the next year, two years? It sounds like this is sort of a longer-term collaboration and sort of testing going on today. Just wondering sort of what you're thinking about timeframe in terms of incorporating some of these types of tools into chip design. Along with that, just the final part is, would you consider this a leading-edge design that Renesas is working on? Or if you could talk a little about the type of design, that'd be great. Thank you.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, absolutely. So, I mean, we are very pleased with the collaboration with Renesas. And I think they have a whole initiative, if you follow them or if you look into the AI for their design process. And we are glad to be very close partner with Renesas as we are with other companies, right? So, we just wanted to highlight Renesas this time and the collaboration is broad based. I think they're using almost all of our AI tools, whether it's Cerebrus for digital or Verification, Verisium and other tools. And also, we are doing some new collaboration with them on LLM, like we mentioned. And the LLM collaboration is fairly broad-based. It can be applied to any kind of design, especially Renesas has a range of design all the way from advanced node to mainstream nodes. And the other -- you may know all this already, but the key thing, one benefit of AI is that there's a, of course, the quality of results can be better, productivity can be better, but there are other benefits which are also true for large kind of global companies like Renesas. And the two that I would like to highlight, which came to the forefront with our partnership with Renesas. One is, all these large companies have geographically diverse teams, right? It's not that the team is only in one location. Typically, they are in multiple locations. So, the good thing with AI is that, and we can do, in a lot of cases, design better than a human can do, but also it depends on the starting point, right? So, if you have a geographically diverse team, not all teams are super experts. So, if the AI tool is same or better than your best team, then the reason to deploy it is that wherever -- just by the nature of human productivity, there's a variation across the organization, the results can be even greater in your teams which are historically not performing as well as you would like. And the other thing is also true in terms of experience. And this will happen, I believe, in AI in other industries as well, but it's definitely happening in chip design. So if you have three years' experience doing chip design versus 20 years' experience in chip design, okay, with AI, that gap is narrowing. So, less experienced engineers can be almost as productive as more experienced engineers. So, apart from like productivity and quality of results benefit, it has this other kind of almost workforce management benefit for large organization like Renesas, because they have organization in multiple locations and also a wide experience range from young engineers to experienced engineers. And this we are seeing in other companies as well. And I think what is also interesting is that the companies that adopt these AI tools first and faster will benefit more versus their peers. So, we are seeing that the fast-moving companies and Renesas is definitely one of them. And then we talked about, of course, Broadcom, we talked about NVIDIA, we talked about Tesla, and there's so many other kind of great, large multinational companies we have the privilege of working with. So, there are more than one, there's a whole workforce development benefit of AI, which is actually quite profound.
Ruben Roy: That's very helpful. Thanks for all that detail, Anirudh. I guess just a quick follow-up. I mean, it sounds from what you're saying, this should be incremental. I mean, EDA has grown nicely. If you look at the core EDA growth over the last several years, you guys like to call out the three-year CAGR, but from what's going on here, we should assume that this would be incremental on sort of the way you've seen EDA growth. Can you comment on that as you think about whether it's software renewals or adding add-ons, as John talked about, over the next 12, 18, 24 months, would you say this would be incremental to sort of that mid-teens growth that the EDA tools have been growing at over the last three years or so?
John Wall: Well, I would comment on that. That's just, I think our style at Cadence is to be patient with our customers and we'll go at the pace that they're ready. As Anirudh said earlier in the call, we expect to proliferate our AI tools across our entire customer base over about two contract cycles. And some are adopting more rapidly and embracing the AI tools. Some are -- they're adopting the AI tools in add-ons, but they might be shaving back their configuration somewhere else. That tends to be a false economy because they'll part they'll just come back and purchase more add-ons later. So, to get the full effect, it probably takes a couple of contract cycles, but we're very, very pleased with the start we've made.
Ruben Roy: It's very helpful. Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Josh Tilton at Wolfe Research.
Josh Tilton: Hey, guys, thanks for squeezing me in. Can you hear me?
Anirudh Devgan: Clear.
Josh Tilton: Great. My first question is just how does the 4Q hardware pipeline look compared to kind of some of the strength that you saw in the first three quarters of the year? And given that you mentioned that the macro is still challenging, is there any extra conservatism in the Q4 guide to account for the potential for maybe some hardware to slip into next year?
John Wall: Yeah, that's a great question. Pipeline is very strong. I mean the hardware demand just continues to amaze me that it's just tremendous. Those products are -- that verification group is just performing at a really, really high level and in such a consistent fashion through probably eight quarters now. But -- so very pleased with that. You might've noticed that we kept the same range on the guide from last Q3 -- from Q3 the same range, because we thought there's probably a broader kind of a array of potential outcomes with the amount of business that we expect to sign in Q4. We're expecting a strong booking quarter in Q4, and there is a strong pipeline for hardware. But like I said, in relation to the AI question, that we're very patient with our customers. We'll go with their pace. And naturally, if something slips from Q4 to Q1, it goes from this year to next year or vice versa, you can have stuff that customers are planning to buy in Q1, happening in Q4 as well. But I think we've accounted for that in the guide. Everything we know is in our guidance.
Josh Tilton: Super helpful. And then, just a follow-up. Obviously, on AI, I can't not touch it. But as that business of yours triples, are you seeing the drive or the want to adopt these AI tools cause more of your users to make full flow decisions when maybe this has been more of a best of breed market historically?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, absolutely. That's a very good point. Because the AI tools, our AI tools will run on the full flow by nature, whether that's digital implementation or it is on verification. And of course, we believe we have best on breed tools anyway on the base. It's like you have to have the full flow, the basic engines to be best in class, and then add AI on top of them, which is best in class. But it is helping the underlying tools. So, when our customers are doing more AI tools, it also -- and also, as you know, we have commented in the past that the AI tools by nature use a lot of underlying tools. So, when Cerebrus runs, for example, which is our AI tool for digital implementation, which is one of the most difficult tasks in chip design, so it will typically -- the customers will use them on like, one run of Cerebrus will typically run on 10, 20 machines, okay? And each of them could be like 32 CPUs or 16 CPUs. So, they are using a lot of compute and also they're using a lot of underlying licenses. So, it could be like 10 instances of Innovus which Cerebrus is running. So -- and then it is also synthesis, place and route and sign-off, like in case of digital. And then logic simulation, formal verification, hardware in case of verification. And same thing with analog. It's not just Virtuoso, but it's Spectre. So, it's definitely full flow is enabled, but also typically it requires more instances. Because we're doing AI-based design or AI-based intelligent search of the design process. So, it will require multiple runs. Typically, instead of one or two runs, it may require 100 or 200 runs. But the user were doing that manually in a sequential manner, and we can do that automatically in a more parallel manner. So, it definitely helps. But it's still worth it because you get much better PPA. And it's like using more compute and more software, more automation in place of more human effort. And we can do it faster and a better PPA.
Josh Tilton: Super helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: We go next now to Joe Vruwink at Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. Sorry to belabor the backlog questions, but I suppose I'm going to. If we rewind two years ago and look at 3Q and the 4Q of 2021, current RPO then went up by, I think, nearly $400 million sequentially. Is that maybe how you would start to frame just renewal values that are coming to and what you could potentially look to build on? And then, second part of my backlog question, and it gets back to Jason's question on just the changing composition of hardware and software. Just given what Cadence has been able to do on production capacity and ramping there, does that change the relationship in terms of what needs to be sitting in backlog at year-end in order to support some sort of next 12 month revenue expectation?
John Wall: Hi, Joe, great questions there. I guess the way your profile last year's growth, a large portion of that growth would have been, of course, the hardware we weren't able to service at the time. And the reason I called out the lead times was, end of last year, that backlog and current year or the next 12 months backlog if you like, contained about 26 to 28 weeks of lead time for hardware. That sounds about eight to 10 weeks now. So, I guess to answer the second part of your question there, when you get to the end of this year, because we've ramped up on the hardware production, you'll need less to be in backlog for the -- there'll be less need for revenue to come out of backlog for next year's revenue than there was for this year. And like I said, we've kept the production levels at the same level all year. So, every quarter, we ratchet it up in Q1, and we've maintained that production level to try and reduce those lead times, because we think we're more competitive with customers. I mean, I was impressed this time last year, people were waiting over six months for our hardware solutions. But we'd be silly to assume that that would continue is important to get the lead times down to eight to 10 weeks. And I think that's more normal kind of -- more normal level to get to. But yeah, very, very pleased with the progress we've made so far this year. And again, we're not really talking about next year, but we've got a very busy Q4 ahead of us.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Thanks, John. If I can squeeze one more in, I think we're about to lap the OpenEye acquisition. I just wanted to see how that generally is tracked relative to your original expectations? And maybe just get an update about how Cadence is thinking about the opportunity from the Molecular Sciences group and the role you can play in life sciences looking forward?
Anirudh Devgan: Absolutely. We are super excited about that. We're super excited about molecular design and the future. It's almost like where EDA was maybe 20 years ago. And before I talk specifically about molecular design, I want to tell you in terms of our product strategy and how that is synergistic and similar to. So, I see a lot of activity in our main products, which I would describe as like three layers. So, the middle layer is actual software products that we have, which are like either you're doing like EDA design or they're doing system simulation or they're doing finite element, computational fluid dynamics or molecular simulation. So, that's the middle layer of the cake. And below that is this new emergence of computational hardware, which is special purpose hardware. Like we had in the past, we had special purpose hardware with Palladium, which is our custom chip, but now we use FPGAs for Protium. We have of course, x86-based Intel and AMD CPUs, and then recently a lot of activity on GPUs, especially with NVIDIA GPUs and accelerated computing. So, that's the bottom layer of the cake. And then the top layer of that three-layer cake is AI orchestration. AI can provide this new level of automation and productivity and doing what was typically done by humans. It can be done with AI like we talked about Cerebrus or Verisium. So, this three-layer cake is central to our product strategy. So, the middle is simulation, which is physics-based, biology-based. The top is AI orchestration. The bottom is computational hardware. And then, this can be verticalized across multiple verticals, whether it's EDA and chip design, whether it's package design with Allegro X AI, whether it is clarity and optimality, whether it's CFD with fidelity, and more importantly, like you asked with biosimulation. So, the reason we acquired OpenEye is that gives that critical middle layer of physics-based biological simulation, which are very few companies that can do that but then we can add to it AI-based drug discovery and computational hardware with GPUs. So, as you may know, the OpenEye has a Orion cloud-based platform. It already runs on GPUs, giving significant speed up for biosimulation. And then recently, and we'll talk more about in the future, we expanded our collaboration with one major top five pharmaceutical company to do traditional and AI-based drug discovery on top of OpenEye and Orion platform. And so, I think this thing in the future, if you go forward, I mentioned in the last time also, the application of AI also, I think is going to go into three steps. So, first step application of AI is going to be in building out the infrastructure. Like we talked about, of course, the great companies like NVIDIA and Tesla and now Broadcom. So, the build of infrastructure and then there's so many other hyperscaler companies as you know, they are all building out AI infrastructure. So that's the first way of AI adoption. The second phase of AI adoption is applying AI to our own products, like Cerebrus and JedAI and Verisium, we talked about that today also. And that's going pretty well. And we talked about the progress in the last one year. And that, I think, will still take several years to go. And then, the third phase of AI adoption is AI applied to areas that were not automated in the past, okay? So, I think that may take longer, maybe five years plus, but that has to be driven to digital biology and life sciences. I mean, there's a huge application of AI and to do that properly, we need that three-layer cake and we need AI on top. We need biosimulation with OpenEye and then computational hardware with our leading compute platforms. So, I'm very optimistic about the future. It will take some time. This not happens in a quarter or two quarters, but it's right to invest for the future and it is synergistic with the other parts of -- a lot of the biosimulation is similar to what we do in circuit simulation or CFD and things like that. So, what overall I would like to say is still in the early innings with biology and biosimulation and OpenEye, but it is a good start and we are investing it for the future in a controlled way, of course. We're always financially disciplined. But I think the potential is there in the future for it to emerge as one of the big areas.
Joe Vruwink: That's great. Thanks very much, Anirudh.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Andrew DeGasperi at Berenberg.
Andrew DeGasperi: Thanks for fitting me in. Just had two quick ones. I know most of them were answered so far on this call. But first on the margin, maybe could you lay out, John, in terms of the guidance for the year, I know you took down slightly the top end of the range for the operating margin on an on-GAAP basis. Just wondering maybe if you could lay out what the puts and takes are there? Is it revenue mix? Is it the recent acquisitions that you made that might have sort of crystallized that number? And without having to answer the second time, but like in terms of investments that you're making for next year, is the pace of all the hiring going to change at all based on what you're seeing right now?
John Wall: Great questions, Andrew. Yeah, in relation to the margin, the recent acquisitions are more dilutive to this year. So, we're picking up more expense -- we're picking very, very little revenue. We're picking up expense immediately. And that kind of narrowed the range on the on the margin outcomes for us that are at the midpoint of 41.75%. I think it works out to be about $5.10 on non-GAAP EPS. In relation -- what was the second part of the question? Sorry, I've forgotten the second part of the question.
Andrew DeGasperi: No worries. It's just on the terms of hiring, just in terms of how you're thinking about it so far.
John Wall: Yeah, I mean, it's great we continue to attract top talent to Cadence. You may notice, though, in our 10-Q, we did some restructuring. In August, we initiated a restructuring plan to better align our resources with our business strategy, and we incurred about $12 million of costs comprised of severance payments and termination benefits in relation to headcount reductions. But I would kind of categorize that as a bit of housekeeping and preparation for next year.
Andrew DeGasperi: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'm now going to turn it back over to Anirudh Devgan for closing remarks.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. A strong execution of the intelligent system design strategy and customer-first mindset continue to drive growth as we expand our portfolio with new innovative AI-driven solutions. We are proud of our inclusive culture and focus on enabling sustainable innovation and honored to recently be named to Newsweek's America's Greenest Companies 2024 list. On behalf of our Board of Directors, we thank our customers, partners, and investors for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. This does conclude today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Lisa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Richard Gu, Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Richard Gu: Thank you, operator. I would like to welcome everyone to our second quarter of 2023 earnings conference call. I'm joined today by Anirudh Devgan, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. A webcast of this call and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on our website at cadence.com. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements, including our outlook on future business and operating results. Due to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today's discussion. For information on factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent forms 10-K and 10-Q, CFO commentary and today's earnings release. All forward-looking statements during this call are based on estimates and information available to us as of today, and we disclaim any obligation to update them. In addition, we will present certain non-GAAP measures, which should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, GAAP results. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. For the Q&A session today, we'd ask that you observe a limit of one question and one follow-up. Now, I will turn the call over to Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you, Richard. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Cadence delivered excellent financial results for the second quarter of 2023 with strong ongoing customer demand for our innovative technology. We exceeded our guidance on all key metrics and are raising our financial outlook for the year yet again, resulting in 14% year-over-year revenue growth and 19% non-GAAP EPS growth. John will provide more details shortly on both our Q2 results and the updated outlook for the year. With its unparalleled promise, Generative AI is beginning to make a significant impact globally. Our dedicated focus on AI over the past several years combined with our computational software expertise and invaluable data that lies at the core of AI it uniquely positions us to deliver to this tremendous potential of this transformational knowledge. With escalating design complexity, increasing design starts and a growing talent shortage, AI-driven design automation is crucial in empowering customers to fully realize their innovation potential. Our customers are increasingly adopting our chip, package, board, system, Generative AI portfolio, as they're achieving exceptional quality of results and productivity benefits with these solutions. Customers are ramping up their R&D spend in AI-driven automation, opening up significant opportunities for Cadence. Our solutions are enabling marquee AI infrastructure platform companies to deliver their next generation-compute, networking and memory products. For instance, in his Computex keynote earlier this quarter, Jensen Huang of Nvidia noted that Nvidia is a big Cadence customer and commented on the expanding strategic partnership between Nvidia and Cadence to accelerate EDA, system analysis, AI and digital biology. Cadence has successfully collaborated with Tesla on the development of their game changing DOJO AI supercomputer. Tesla utilized a broad array of Cadence solutions across digital, custom analog, verification, 2.5D and 3D IC and system analysis for developing DOJO chips and solutions. We are very excited to extend our partnership to Tesla's next generation DOJO and FSD platforms. Our customers like Tesla are able to leverage the power of revolutionary Cadence Cerebrus Generative AI technology to optimize the quality of results of their groundbreaking AI chips and related solutions. And from a products perspective, we began by providing AI-driven solutions for core ED applications, then expanded our AI portfolio to include system design and analysis and plan to extend it to life sciences in the future. With AI as they're underpinning, other generational trends such as hyperscale computing, 5G, and autonomous driving, continue to spur robust design activity across semi and system companies, creating ample market opportunities for our differentiated technology portfolio. Now let's talk about our key highlights for Q2. In Q2, we deepened our long standing partnership with a marquee electronic system company through a broad ranging expansion of our core EDA, hardware, IP and systems portfolio. Ambulation and prototyping have become a must have part of the chip tape out and software bring-up flows and secular demand for our hardware platforms drove our verification business in Q2 to a 27% year-over-year revenue growth. Following a record 2022 and Q1 ‘23 are Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 hardware platforms delivered a record Q2 as market demand accelerated for these best-in-class solutions. With 14 new customers and 45 repeat customers, more than half the orders during the quarter included both platforms. Demand for our hardware solutions was broad based with particular strength seen in AI, hyperscale computing, and automotive segments. A global communication services leader successfully deployed the Z2 and X2 systems to significantly accelerate the development of their data center chips for internal use, including those designed for AI applications. Our hardware platform enable them to accelerate their verification workload and software bring-up, enabling first-pass silicon and software success. Verisium, our AI-driven verification platform that's built upon the ZI database and natively integrated with our verification engines is gaining traction at market shaping customers. For instance, a large mobile chip company is working with us on developing a new Verisium regression optimization app and a Japanese semi customer is actively deploying Verisium apps across his automotive SoC and already saw a 4 times improvement in the identification of erroneous source code check-ins. Our digital IC business had another solid quarter with 15% year-over-year revenue growth largely driven by proliferation of our digital full flow, especially at the most advanced node at market shaping customers. Our Cadence Cerebrus solution leverages breakthrough AI-driven technology to explore the entire design space and automatically optimize the digital full flow to deliver transformational results. Adoption and proliferation of Cadence Cerebrus accelerated. And with multiple new marquee wins, is now deployed at eight of our top 10 customers. A leading hyperscaler doubled their run rate through a major expansion that included our digital full flow and Cadence Cerebrus. Another market shaping hyperscaler successfully used our digital full flow and Cadence Cerebrus to achieve a 16% leakage power reduction on their latest custom silicon. And [Indiscernible] achieved 2 times to 3 times better productivity with a new Joules RTL design studio. Through analysis, efficiency and significantly reduce iterations between RTL and implementation. On IP, our scalable and profitable growth strategy continues benefiting from ongoing outsourcing trend, as well as the opportunities offered by expanding foundry ecosystem. Demand for our design IP was strong, led by our multiyear agreement with Samsung Foundry to expand the availability of our design IP portfolio for Samsung's advanced process technology. We signed a definitive agreement with Rambus to acquire their five IT asset along with the talented team. The addition of their leading HBM GDDR5 solutions, and SerDes IP enhances our established IP portfolio, providing complete subsystem solutions for demanding networking, hyperscaler, and AI application. Our system design and analysis business continued its strong momentum in Q2, delivering 23% year-over-year revenue growth. With Moore's Law slowing down, and chip complexity and cost increasing, companies are looking to multi-die, 3D IC, and chiplet-based architectures to achieve better performance and greater cost savings. In Q2, we expanded our collaboration with Samsung Foundry through the delivery of reference flows and package design kits based on our uniquely differentiated integrity 3D IC platform. The industry is only unified platform that includes system planning, packaging, and system level analysis in a single cockpit. Our multi-physics solutions boosted by our optimality Generative AI technology, leverage differentiated system simulation and optimization techniques to deliver superior results. Our CFD portfolio that includes recently acquired high fidelity simulation technology, one large renewal and add-on business with top Aerospace and Defense company. We were pleased with the new win and growing repeat orders for our multi-physics portfolio from customers across multiple end markets. In summary, I'm pleased with our Q2 results and the continuing momentum of our business. AI-driven automation in chip and system design offers massive opportunities for Cadence over the long-term. That seamlessly align with our computational software, core competence, and intelligent system design strategy. We continue to invest in our world-class EDA system design and analysis and AI capabilities to deliver cutting edge innovation to our customers and partners. Now I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q2 results and our updated 2023 outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Anirudh, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report that Cadence achieved strong results for the second quarter of 2023, driven by the broad-based strength of our business. Our customers are increasingly adopting our Generative AI portfolio as they are achieving exceptional quality results and productivity benefits with these solutions. Here are some of the financial highlights from the second quarter, starting with the P &L. Total revenue was $977 million. GAAP operating margin was 30.7% and non-GAAP operating margin was 41.8%. GAAP EPS was $0.81 and non-GAAP EPS was $1.22. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Cash balance at quarter end was $874 million, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $650 million. Operating cash flow was $414 million and we used $325 million to repurchase Cadence shares in Q2. We are increasing our outlook for the remainder of the year, due to continued broad-based strength across our technology portfolio. Demand for our functional verification hardware solutions remain particularly strong and as a result, our updated outlook for the second-half of the year reflects approximately 15% revenue growth, compared to the second-half of last year. Before I provide our updated outlook for the year and our expectations for Q3 I'd like to highlight that our outlook contains our usual assumption that the export control regulations that exist today remain substantially similar for the remainder of the year. Our updated outlook for fiscal 2023 is revenue in the range of $4.05 billion to $4.09 billion. GAAP operating margin in the range of 30.2% to 31.2%. Non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 41.2% to 42.2%. GAAP EPS in the range of $3.35 to $3.41, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $5.5 to $5.11. Operating cash flow in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion and we expect to use at least 50% of our annual free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares. A large number of hardware systems are slated for delivery in late September and early October. For the purposes of providing our outlook for Q3, which ends on September 30th, we thought it was prudent to assume that the vast majority of those hardware deliveries fall into October and Q4. With that in mind, for Q3, we expect revenue in the range of $990 million to $1.01 billion. GAAP operating margin of approximately 29%, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 40%. GAAP EPS in the range of $0.76 to $0.80. Non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.18 to $1.22. And we expect to use approximately $125 million of cash to repurchase Cadence shares. As usual, we published a CFO commentary document on our Investor Relations website, which includes our outlook for additional items, as well as further analysis in GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, we delivered a strong Q2 and first-half of the year. With the increase in our outlook, at the midpoint, we now expect revenue growth for the year to exceed 14%, which would take our three-year revenue CAGR to approximately 15%. And non-GAAP EPS growth of approximately 19%, which would result in an average annual growth rate of 22% over the past three years. As always, I'd like to close by thanking our customers, partners and our employees for their continued support. And with that, operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for taking my question. John, Anirudh. Good quarter, I think if we take a step back, you know, up 14% for the year, still pretty impressive. Sounds like hardware at another record quarter and was up 27%, but I think some investors will still wonder, you know, could it have been even better? Maybe could you speak to any areas that maybe weren't as strong that you were hoping, or how do we kind of level set the performance?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Hi, Jason. Good question. In general, we manage our business for the long-term, and we are pretty positive with the results. For the full-year, like you mentioned, it's more than 14% revenue growth and earnings are growing at 19%. And then our strategy of doing EDA plus STA plus AI with the computational software expertise. So I think overall, we're pretty pleased with how all the businesses are performing. And, you know, continue to drive in all fronts, working with customers and partners to deliver the right solutions.
John Wall: Jason, as Anirudh says, we're very happy with -- very pleased with the first-half performance. If there's anything unusual, essentially in the numbers for the first-half, I think one unusual thing for me would probably be the operating cash is flat in our guide to last quarter, and that's because as Anirudh says, you know, we manage the business for the long-term. There's an opportunity, we've had some opportunities to build inventory. We've had very strong hardware demand, so we need to buy inventory and we were offered some larger discounts for payment upfront. So we've embedded that into the guidance. It'll help us with gross margins in future years, but it doesn't help with operating cash for this year.
Jason Celino: Got it. And then my quick follow-up, the IP acquisition from Rambus. Is it included in guidance? And then maybe can you speak to strategic rationale? I guess what goes into the decision, build versus high as early as IP? Thanks.
John Wall: Yes, Jason. So everything we know is included in our guidance, but it's immaterial to us for the year.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. And it's a great opportunity for us to acquire a very good set of IPs and a talented team. And, you know, what is particularly good in this case is that it is a existing, you know, commercial operation. You know, sometimes we have opportunity to acquire teams from, you know, other semiconductor companies, but in this case, it was existing commercial operation with key IPs like, you know, HBM and GDDR. So we took that opportunity, and we glad to, you know, partner with Rambus here and it really helps, you know, IP for AI and 3D IC with HBM and GDDR IPs. So overall it’s good acquisition, and we continue to invest in all our businesses, you know, including IP. So…
Jason Celino: Excellent. Excellent. Thank you both.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Charles Shi with Needham & Company.
Charles Shi: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. First, I want to ask about bookings, then I have a follow-up on hardware. So, John or Anirudh are you guys still seeing strong bookings potential in the second-half? I definitely saw your bookings implied bookings are actually already up in Q2, but I think that people are probably accustomed to, like, a $1 billion plus per quarter, kind of, bookings. So when can we get to that -- back to that level? Do you still expect the second-half bookings to get strong as let's say maybe first-half ’22? Thank you.
John Wall: Yes, Charles, great question. Yes, we'd expect a stronger second-half for bookings. As we said last quarter, the -- we had very few contracts expiring in the first-half of this year, and we have more contracts expiring in the second-half of 2023. So we'd expect bookings to be higher in the second-half, compared to the first. When we look at backlog, we filed our 10-Q by the way. So you'll see our backlog at the end of Q2 dropped from $5.4 billion to $5.3 billion and RPO at the end of Q2 dropped from $5 billion at the end of Q1 to $4.9 billion. But the current value of that RPO, the annual value, as you know, backlog and RPO is a combination of the annual value multiplied by the time essentially that you've contracted with customers. And our current RPO is up from last quarter, it was $2.7 billion last quarter. It's up to $2.8 billion this quarter. So we've improved the annual value, and that's typically what we focus on, making sure we're improving the annual value. But yes, we're very, very pleased with the bookings performance for Q2. It was slightly stronger than we had anticipated or expected. And second half, we think it will be better again.
Charles Shi: Yes. So is it safe for us to -- for you guys to call maybe Q1 was probably the fall in terms of booking, and we are way past that going forward?
John Wall: Yes, yes, Q1 was definitely a low bookings quarter for us. Q2 was a lot stronger.
Charles Shi: Got it. Maybe a follow-up question around hardware. You kind of said for Q4, you're expecting a good amount of hardware revenue. Maybe it's parked in Q4, but when folks look at your full-year guidance, your Q4 isn't really up by a lot. They imply the guidance for Q4. But given you just said that the bookings are expecting relatively strong. I would think that ratable part of the business should see a very strong sequential growth into Q4. But -- and layer on top of that hardware you're expecting in Q4, can you kind of reconcile what you guided for Q4 versus the commentary you made about hardware and your bookings? Thank you.
John Wall: Yes, Charles, I think you're referring to the step-up from Q3 to Q4 in our guide. So we're guiding about $1 billion of revenue in Q3 with a balance of just over $1.70 billion in Q4. Now that's slightly exaggerated the Q3 to Q4 step-up. When we originally looked at the top-down forecast for the second-half, there was a lower step-up in revenue mainly due to software increases in annual value and in software bookings that we expect. But when we looked at the hardware and the timing of when hardware deliveries happen and there's so many that fall late in the quarter, we thought it was prudent to assume that those bookings, we should include them in our implied Q4 guidance, so to speak, rather than including it in Q3 because I’m not really sure about the timing of those.
Charles Shi: Okay, thank you.
John Wall: Okay, thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [Indiscernible] on for Vivek. Just wanted to start out, if you could provide some insight on how you quantify benefits from AI? Just looking at the semiconductor landscape, there have been several AI-related design programs that started a few years ago. So would you say you've already seen the benefits in your financials? Or should we expect even more growth acceleration in the future? And if you could comment on the attach rate of your AI-enabled products to baseline contracts, that would be helpful? Thanks.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. So the AI has multiple implications for us. The first part is we enable the development of AI system side. This is more like a horizontal application. So like we talked about our partnership with Nvidia and there are other companies building AI systems like we talked about today, our partnership with Tesla, which is building both server side AI and on the car AI and then other kind of data center companies. So that's -- and we are in a unique position to supply to all the -- whether it's GPU or data center or automotive applications of AI to do the AI build-out. And that I think is still continuing. There'll be more and more systems designed, and our tools and IP can play a key role in that. So that's kind of the first application. And I believe we are still in the beginning stages of that kind of build-out and monetization. And then the second part would be more vertical, applying it to our own products. So we have JedAI platform, which is with a unique position as a kind of a data platform for AI and then five unique AI applications, all the way from analog, digital, verification, package and board and systems. So I believe we have the most comprehensive product portfolio for chip package system design. And that also I think we are in the early stages, but we are seeing a lot of adoption of those kind of vertical applications. And we are also using them internally. We design our own chips for Palladium systems, right? And then, of course, we have a big application engineering team that works with customers. So not only we are providing solutions to our customers and partners on EDA and SDA, but we are also using them internally and seeing good benefits. And then the third part, which is more out in the future, I think AI will also drive new kind of applications, and one of the biggest ones is definitely going to be life sciences. So we are laying the groundwork for that with our OpenEye and there's a lot of opportunity to apply their -- AI there in digital biology, which will pay out in the next five to 10 years. So for all these kind of three big -- there's a horizontal play for building out the AI systems, GPUs and data center other things, vertical plate of EDA and system, both to our customers and ourselves and emerging areas that will emerge in life sciences. So overall, I feel we are very well positioned to really capitalize on this megatrend.
John Wall: Yes. And to answer your revenue question, essentially, I mean, I think it's clear that it's showing up quickly in the hardware space. We feel on the software side, it will probably take a couple of contract cycles for that to flow through. We're seeing strength in pockets on the software side. But the software side, because it's recurring in revenue will take a while to play through. But you're definitely seeing the impact of AI in hardware -- strong hardware demand.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Helpful. And then just quickly as a follow-up. I hope we can discuss your capital allocation policy as well. Just given the pretty solid cash position and significant cash generation of the company, is there any interest in allocating more cash towards share repurchases? And also, if you could comment on any interest in issuing the dividend in the future as well?
John Wall: Yes, [Blake] (ph), yes, we look at that all the time in terms of our cash allocation policy. In Q2, we used $325 million on stock repurchases. $200 million of that was due to an accelerated share repurchase. Now the timing of that was to coincide with -- was times deliberately to coincide with our merit and promotion cycle. You might have noticed as well in our guide that expenses take a step-up and margins slightly down second-half, compared to first-half. That's because our pay rise and promotion cycle kicks in on July 1 at Cadence. And that's typically when we do our stock refresh for employees in the company. And because we granted a lot of stock at that time of the year, we -- in our stock repurchase approach, we want to make sure that we're offsetting the dilution first. And then ideally, we want to reduce that share count over time. We've talked about dividends with the Board from time-to-time, but we think it makes most sense to use our excess cash for stock repurchases. Our policy is essentially to use at least 50% of free cash flow to repurchase our shares. And that should more than offset dilution, see the share count continues to decline over time and give us enough to grow the business.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
John Wall: Always.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Business question first and a technology question as a follow-up. So Anirudh, as you know, for the last couple of years, we've often spoken about how semiconductor companies and systems customers can become increasingly alike. The question though is, in what important ways do they remain dissimilar in terms of sales cycles, conversion of RPO to revenue, services requirements, account profitability? Anything you care to mention that continues to distinguish those two classes of customers?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Jay, I mean, like you've also written, I mean, the semi companies are becoming system companies and system companies are becoming semi companies. And some traditional semi companies are much more system companies now with software, and a lot of traditional system companies are doing a lot of semi, one of the big -- several big semis have done in system company. So there are a lot of similarities. You're asking in terms of differences, I mean, I guess one key difference has to be that the system companies, by definition, have hardware and software together. You are a system company because you have software and also have electrical and mechanical together. I mean a good example is a car, right? It's emerging electronics and mechanical and it's emerging of hardware and software. So for that reason, I think like the strength we talked about in the hardware business, a lot of it is not just for chip design, it is for software bring-up. And we are seeing that in AI applications, a lot of the software has to be built along with the hardware. And even for Nvidia, which is traditionally semi company, has a lot of software, of course, And then a lot of the data companies that are doing their own chips have a lot of software. So I think the enablement of software becomes key. And the other thing is this merger of electrical and mechanical. That's why our whole investment in system design and analysis in thermal simulation, which is a big thing for data centers and cars, electromagnetics, CFD. So the key thing I think is unique is different is hardware plus software and electrical plus mechanical. Now in some cases, we do strategic services for some system companies to get them started. And I think that's also a unique difference. So sometimes, we will provide help them to get going with chip development. So I would say, Jay, these are probably three big differences compared to. But it's good to see the growth in the semis, too. We are happy to have a whole new market with system companies, but we still love all our semi customers, and they're doing phenomenal, and we are partnering with them in all kinds of ways.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. As the technology follow-up at DAC two weeks ago, there was a quite interesting presentation by Cadence at the conference related to AI and there was the use of a very interesting with regard to productivity or where productivity is going to come from in future for EDA. And that term used by Cadence was task abstraction. So a new kind of abstraction from the decades of extraction we've seen in EDA for the last many years. So how are you manifesting that new concept of abstraction in terms of product development, packaging, all those sorts of things going forward since that term seems to be very much a critical part of your thinking going forward for EDA productivity?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Jay, if you step back, right, you look at fundamental innovations, of course, we talk about a lot of things. But if you look at mathematics or computer science, I mean, there are two big innovation. One is abstraction, the other is parallelism. And in the history of EDA is moving up the abstraction layer, right, from -- all the way from polygons to transistors, to gates, to RTL. And also parallelism, I mean, in the last 10 years -- I think if you look at EDA -- history of EDA, it started with abstraction first, as you know. And then in the last 10 years, it went back to more parallelism with use of cloud computing and CPUs. But with this AI, there is opportunity to do more abstraction, move even higher level. Basically, the real opportunity is to automate mundane tasks, right? So what was done by the user can be done by the AI engine. So abstraction will provide in the end a lot of automation and productivity improvement. And we are seeing that we can apply to even technology -- design technology codesign with leading foundries. We can apply AI to design of floor planning and higher-level functions, which should previously manual apply to 3D-IC partitioning with integrity. So overall, this theme of applying AI, doing more abstraction, doing more of the mundane work and let the user focus on higher-level tasks and be more productive is only the beginning of that and is enabled in all these aspects, digital verification, system design and so on.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ruben Roy with Stifel.
Ruben Roy: Thank you. Anirudh, if I could start from where you left off there, I had a question similar to Jay's. But I was wondering, I think you mentioned that SerDes with AI was deployed at eight of your top 10 customers. I'm just wondering today, can you talk about how AI is being used? Is it mostly placed in route? Or are you seeing some of these other areas being implemented in leading-edge designs, whether it's packaging or even some of the floor planning, et cetera? How far along are we?
Anirudh Devgan: It's getting pretty pervasive. The first thing I'm ascertain of now compared to like two years ago, we started on this two, three years ago in terms of working with SerDes and our customers. One thing I'm positive now is that a few years from now, almost all our customers will be using these tools because they are -- it's almost like an irreversible trend. And then or placement route was the first one in some ways. So it has a lot of adoption. But it is extending to, like I mentioned, working with foundries, working with floor planning, higher-level functions, verification. See, in the end, I do believe verification will have a most profound impact within EDA on AI will be on verification because it's an unbounded NP-complete problem, right? So you can do more and more verification you're never done. So that's why you see us investing heavily in Verisium. And we are the first to apply AI to verification. We talked about couple of examples with customers in the prepared remarks. And then the other thing is areas that traditionally haven't had a lot of automation, like package and PCB. So with Allegro X AI, that area has not seen automation for like 20, 30 years for the first time is possible with AI. And then in system simulation, see the system -- EDA by its nature has had a 30-year history of optimization and automation. Now it was not with -- it was more with classical techniques and now with AI. But if you look at the system area, like CFD or electromagnetics, they could barely simulate stuff, forget optimizing it. So not only now we can simulate things, because our algorithms are faster and we are also accelerating them on GPUs and all to give massive speed up on system simulation. So now for the first time, you can stimulate a very, very high Fidelity simulation of the whole car. But then on top of it, optimality and AI, you can do the design of the car or the shape of the wing, which is what, in the end, the user wants, right? They just don't want to simulate. And all this applies exactly to this big market of SD&A. So I think that's a huge opportunity. And we're already seeing that, like even with some of the car companies we work with, we can optimize the shape of the wing that affects performance like for a racing car, you'll be using AI. So we already have pretty promising results, and we will talk more about that in the future. So I would say, first of all, I think it will be deployed across all these platforms. We started with PNR, but already we are seeing a lot of potential. And in the end, in EDA, the huge potential will be verification. In the other area, I'm very optimistic is system simulation and AI.
Ruben Roy: Thanks very much, Anirudh for that. A quick follow-up for John. Just on operating margin. Down a little bit in Q3 with what sounds to me like hardware, kind of, strengthening towards the end of the quarter and obviously into Q4. How are you thinking about that? Or how should we think about operating margin and sort of the moving parts between Q3? You bumped it up a little bit for the full year. So if you can help us out on how you're thinking about operating margin in the context of hardware attach rates going up as you exit the year, that would be helpful?
John Wall: Yes. No worries, great question. But as you saw, I think the first half was roughly just under 42%, I think, for non-GAAP operating margin. For the second half, the guide essentially implies 41% to 42% operating margin. Now it's slightly down as it has been in the last few years in the second half compared to the first half. But that's because July 1 is our merit cycle. That's when we do pay rises and promotions and generally pay increases. The vast majority of our expense base is people and engineers, about 90% of the employees are engineers. So pay increases impact us from the first day of Q3 and that step-up in cost is really the headwind you're seeing from Q3 when you compare Q3 and Q4 combined or second half compared to the first half. Now I've exaggerated that a little bit by being prudent with the Q -- our Q3 guide on the hardware side because there's a number of hardware systems that are scheduled to be delivered in late September. And late September is the holiday period -- sorry, late September, early October is the holiday period in China and other parts of Asia. And I'm just worried that some of those will slip to Q4. So I'd assume the vast majority of them slipped to Q4 in the guide just to be prudent. And that, of course, is impacting the operating margin that we're showing in the guide for Q3. But I think if you look at the second half as a whole, generally, it's 41% to 42% for the second half when you take out the impact of that prudence.
Ruben Roy: Got it. Makes sense. Thank you, John.
John Wall: Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Blair Abernethy with Rosenblatt Securities.
Blair Abernethy: Thanks gentlemen and great quarter. Just wanted to dive in a little bit on China. The growth this quarter on a year-over-year basis was quite strong. And anything you'd -- any color you could give there on what's driving that and how this continues would be helpful? And secondly, just on -- back on the hardware side, John, just you commented in the past about your production capacity ramping up. Just wondering where you're at midyear here and how lead times are doing?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, I'll start first and then John can comment on the inventory. But overall, China, we are pleased to see continuing strong design activity in all kinds of end markets and also good strength for hardware business. So we've also had a good hardware business in China. And particularly in Q2, I would say there was a lot of strength from mobile vertical. A lot of companies, some big system companies designing their own chips, and also automotive, especially EV automotive in China was particularly strong. So I mean, China is a -- just like rest of the world is pretty diverse market, and we play in all aspects of it. But those two verticals were pretty strong in China. John, do you want to…
John Wall: Yes. And in terms of your question in relation to lead times I think, at the start of the year, we ramped up production capacity because lead times have exceeded 26 weeks. And we thought that's going to hurt us and we're competing for hardware business. We put a big dent in that in Q1. We ramped up production capacity. We kept at those levels for Q2 and intend to keep it at the higher production levels throughout the rest of the year and going forward. We're bringing down those lead times. Our goal is to try and get it down into the 10- to 13-week kind of time frame, but we're not there yet though. I mean in terms of the guide that I've given you for Q3, even with prudence and all in -- let's say, if I took the prudence out, that we don't need $1 of Q3 hardware bookings to meet those numbers. So we're slightly over the 13 weeks, probably around the 15-week mark in terms of what we have in backlog right now to deliver. So we won't actually get through all of the hardware orders that we have in backlog in Q3. The -- but demand is still strong. We are reducing -- it's probably around the 15-week mark now, but I'd like to get that down to 10 to 13.
Blair Abernethy: Okay. Great. And actually, just one more question on the hardware, if I can. So the Palladium Z2 and the Protium X2 have been out in the market now for a bit of time. When can we expect to see next-generation versions?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. It's been only out for two years, which is -- our last system it was like, I don't know, five, six years between launches, and I think this one has been out two years. And even when we launch Z2, X2, even Z1 and X1, we're doing great. So right now, we are pretty pleased with these systems. And we also can add -- we keep improving the software. I mean, that's the hardware part of it, but we're always improving the software and compile times that go on top of these systems. So there is ongoing software rhythm to them anyway, independent of the hardware. But overall, I mean, this phenomenal performance by the team, and we really appreciate all the support from our customers and partners.
Blair Abernethy: Great. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Joe Vruwink with Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Hi, there. Let me dig in a bit of a leading question. So you're now talking about second half revenues growing 15%. Some multiyear CAGRs are closer to 15% to 16%. There's -- things on the horizon in that next couple of quarters not trailing, but longer as just in terms of how your customers are acting and also what Cadence is offering that would seem to be better than what you've experienced, both in terms of R&D intensity and your potential wallet share? So the question is, instead of this 15% rate of growth being the high end of what historical growth rates have been, do you think we're maybe seeing a resetting of the overall base case for growth rates and what might be available to the company going forward?
Anirudh Devgan: Well, first of all, I would say 15% growth rate and 19% EPS growth is an amazing performance of any company. So we are very proud of the team to deliver this. And in terms of design activity and R&D intensity, I mean that is strong, if not getting stronger. So of course, the overall macro environment as tough as it has been last year and this year, but we do see a lot of semi and system activity. So that's not any different than before, but we have to carefully monitor how things go in the future, of course. But overall, we are pretty pleased to see the design activity.
John Wall: Yes, Joe and you'll see it in the -- we published our CFO commentary in the second page of the CFO commentary, you'll see we track three-year CAGRs. But we're really trying to grow the accounts through a complete contract cycle, and most of our customers do three-year baseline contracts to do add-ons throughout the year that coterminate with those baseline contracts. So we think the three-year CAGR is a good metric. And if you look at the revenue growth rate on a three-year CAGR basis, it's continuing to decline. Now it's certainly the pace of acceleration seems to have slowed down this last two years in the kind of mid-teen mark that -- but our focus is on driving revenue growth -- profitable revenue growth. But we're using -- we generate huge amounts of cash flow. And we aim to use more than 50% of that cash flow to buy back shares and reduce share count. So we're trying to drive that non-GAAP EPS higher and be disciplined with our stock-based compensation. You'll see our stock-based compensation has consistently been around 8% of revenue, and our non-GAAP EPS CAGR, it's been 20% or higher for the last five years. And with this 19% rate that we're on now at the midpoint of the guide, that has us on track for 22% EPS growth on a three-year CAGR basis for 2023. So our focus is really on bottom line. We care about EPS and growing EPS for investors and growing profitability, and revenue growth is a means to an end, I guess, in that respect. But we're very, very pleased that is continuing to increase.
Joe Vruwink: Okay, thank you for that. And then one AI question. I think it's a follow-up on Ruben's question. But just a point about -- it seems like maturity, certainly customer experience, referenceability, it's greatest the back-end area of its greatest around Cerebrus. When you think about the pace of adoption on the things you've introduced into markets since last fall, do you think it's any quicker or slower than the experience with Cerebrus so far? So like is there any reason that debone verification would not be a prime candidate for your underlying technology? I'm just wondering if you can maybe compare and contrast the adoption curve?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, that's a good question. I would say that the adoption curves are, at this point, I would say they are similar. Especially Verisium, as I said, verification is a big area. Now they're easier in some sense that there is already a proof point that the customers have seen with Cerebrus. So they are confident in our ability to deliver overall AI solutions. And same thing with like Allegro X, Virtuoso Studio. So -- but also how it is in this business, right, the customers have to try the things and they tried on some design, then they do broad adoption. So that's always there in new areas as well, so like with Verisium and Allegro. So I would say, overall, it is similar and there's a lot of interest. I mean the amount of interest in other AI solutions apart from the original like Cerebrus is very high. But I would say the rate at this point is similar of adoption. And this is going to take some time, which is okay. It is a natural process of trying and deploying. Now some areas, it's faster like hardware because of the nature of the revenue recognition. But overall, the adoption is great and moving along
Joe Vruwink: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the commercialization of the five different tools under the JedAI umbrella. And I wanted to confirm something, first of all, is that a baseline -- are those products in baseline license renewals with customers? Or are you licensing those on a per chip design basis and have the tools major way from price discovery phase to general availability?
Anirudh Devgan: Gary, so these all are new to products. So they're not in previous contracts. So all of these products have to be purchased, and they can be purchased with the renewal or outside of renewal, as you know, in add-on business, but they are not part of existing contracts with customers. And we have different business models in which we introduced these products just like our base product. And then as we talk to customers, some of them are in very wide deployment. I think I gave you example in the prepared remarks on one hyperscaler. We had a very, very wide deployment of some of these AI tools. Some are in the early stages. But these are all new products versus what was there in previous contracts.
Gary Mobley: Got it. Got it. Thanks you for that, Anirudh. And I wanted to ask about what you're signaling with the acquisition of the five business from Rambus. I know you went through a period of time where there was a decision to maybe refocus some of the energy, some of the investments from the company away from IP into areas like SD&A. And so now you're making an acquisition to grow some aspect of your IP business. And so I'm wondering if you can give us an update on how you view the IP business as it fits with the overall business in terms of investment in effort?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. IP is an important segment of our business. It's like having five kids, right? We love all the five kids, all five lines of business. Now one of them is very young and growing like SD&A, growing 20% plus. So that's great, but that doesn't mean we don't take care of all the lines of business. So IP, this was a great opportunity to get a right team and IP, which is synergistic, useful for AI and 3D-IC. So I think, at the right time, we will make investments in all lines of our business. And we have done so like with Virtuoso, with digital. And so we want to make sure all lines of business are competitive here.
Gary Mobley: Got it. Than you, Anirudh.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew DeGasperi with Berenberg Capital Markets.
Andrew DeGasperi: [Indiscernible] thanks for taking my question. I guess the first one I have is on the individual segment. I noticed the IP business in Q2 came down a bit and also system analysis, a slight deceleration. Just wondering if there's anything you would call out for those two? And I have a follow-up.
John Wall: Yes, sure. Thanks, Andrew. But in relation to IP, we've always been expecting more IP to be delivered in the second half compared to the first half. It's actually the opposite of 2022. I think we called that out on last quarter's call as well. So we're expecting a stronger second half for IP, and IP can be a bit lumpy at times because it's based on the timing of deliveries. On system design and analysis that we're very, very pleased with the strength of the growth there. Again, I mean all of our businesses are growing strongly. I think when I look at the second half, and the 15% that we expect our total revenue to grow compared to the second half of last year, I think all of our businesses are growing double digits in that outlook.
Andrew DeGasperi: Got it. And then in terms of your guidance, if I were to look at the high end of the range for the top line, specifically, what exactly would -- assumptions would we have to make for you to get there or even exceed it? In other words, is there a potential for surprises -- positive surprises on that front?
John Wall: Well, I'm certainly -- I'm very confident in the second half guide. But I'm now confident also in the Q3 guide -- I was less confident when I saw all those hardware deliveries time for kind of the final week and the final few days of Q3, and I didn't want to take the risk of including those in the Q3 guide. But for the second half, I'm very confident in the second half. But -- and as we reduce the lead times on our hardware, we found that we're certainly seeing the demand for our hardware strengthen and we have strong demand across all lines of business. And as Anirudh would say, I mean design activity is very, very strong. So I guess to the extent that we can continue to reduce those lead times and deliver hardware earlier, that certainly a track to the higher end of the guidance range because with hardware, of course, you get revenue upfront. But on the software side, growth takes – revenue takes longer to kind of play through because of the recurring revenue profile.
Andrew DeGasperi: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. The fact the full-year is playing out as you expected, right, the stronger second half in front of you. Your semiconductor, your systems customers continue to drive strong chip packaging, system design activity and road maps, especially in the areas of accelerated compute and AI. And so when you combine this with your pipeline, your renewal visibility, you guys have already said your second half bookings will be strong. Does the team believe that it can grow its backlog for the full-year? A - John Wall So in terms of backlog, I mean, we don't guide bookings. But I don't think it's unreasonable to expect our backlog to end the year higher than here -- where we are here. Our focus is really on growing the annual value of that backlog. So I mean, like a three-year software contract worth $10 million a year, we'll add $30 million to backlog into RPO and a two-year contract worth $12 million a year will add $24 million to backlog in RPO. Now if it's a choice between those two options with one customer, we'll typically take the $12 million a year because $12 million a year is better than $10 million a year, and there will be a lower booking number, lower ARPU number, but it will show up in the current RPO. And like I said earlier, that -- I mean if you look at our Q2 backlog compared to Q1, it dropped down from 5.4 to 5.3. But if you look at our Q2 current RPO, that's the amount of our RPO that we expect to turn up in revenue in the next 12 months. At the end of Q1, with a higher backlog number, that was $2.7 billion. At the end of Q2 with a lower backlog number, that's gone up from $2.7 billion to $2.8 billion. So our focus is generally on the annual value. But I think I understand where your question is coming from -- because first half was quite light for bookings. We expect the second half to be stronger. I do think that it's, like I say, not unreasonable to expect RPO and backlog to increase from here.
Harlan Sur: I appreciate that. And then for Anirudh, all of the leading-edge chip companies are moving to this chiplet that die-based packaging architecture. The systems customers are adopting these very, very complex board designs, right? Here you guys benefit with Allegro, Integrity, Clarity, Celsius platforms. Can you just give us a rough sense of the revenue contribution from advanced packaging and board design, simulation, verification? Is it near 10% of revenues? And roughly how fast is this subsegment growing on a year-over-year basis?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, that's a good observation, of course. I mean there's a lot of chiplet-based design activity and it started in HPC, high-performance computing, AI. And I think it will permeate to other parts -- other verticals as well. And also, all the leading foundries, as you know, are now leading with their 3D-IC kind of solutions. And we -- it shows up in different parts in our business. It definitely shows up in SD&A because SD&A system design and analysis includes both the Allegro and all the system analysis of Clarity, Celsius. And that's why you are seeing very, very strong growth. I mean that's a very, very strong growth number, I would say, especially on a ratable revenue model, right? So if you're growing 23% this quarter, 20% plus for the last several years, so a lot of it is driven by this 3D-IC chiplet because the system market is interesting, right, the thermal market and the electromagnetic market traditionally. But a lot of the new growth is this intersection of chip and system, which is, by nature, 3D-IC and chiplet. So we have a lot of customers buying thermal solutions, especially targeted for chiplets because that's a big thing, or electromagnetics targeted for chiplets. So we definitely see that in SD&A. And then we continue to see that in our regular business, like Virtuoso or Innovus and Digital. But I still think this is still early innings. It's still the baseball analogy, still the second, third inning for 3D-IC, and it will become the dominant technology. I mean, of course, the 2-nanometer and 1.4-nanometer all that will be critical, but they will be all integrated on chiplets and into poses going forward. So -- and I think what is important to remember, of course, a lot of people talk about chiplets and 3D-IC, but we are uniquely positioned. So not only for chip implementation but then also for package design, we provide the leading -- we are the leading software provider for package design with Allegro and then all the thermal and system analysis tool. So I think Cadence is, I believe, very uniquely positioned to benefit from chiplet and 3D-IC.
Harlan Sur: Thank you for the insight.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Marco Conti with Deutsche Bank.
John Marco Conti: Hi, Anirudh and John. Thanks for taking my questions. And so the first one is, I know you've touched on this a little bit. Could you share some more color on the usage of AI tools in system companies this quarter? Are any of the new wins related to AI tools for system customers? And how can we think about the acceleration of usage, not just leading nodes, but in the broader design space, even at more mature nodes? I think investors are thinking what next when you taking the current use cases in the next two, three years, where the cost trade-off might not be as imperative as to say in the GPU market? I imagine is this a function of better price recovery matched with higher adoption/proven use cases.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. I think the application of AI has like, as you know, has both horizontal and vertical components, right? Horizontal is building out the AI infrastructure. So those in the beginning tend to be advanced node GPUs and also system companies. So the system companies we mentioned because one of them is Tesla, right? So that's -- they have a server side chip. They have talked about this, which is Dojo and then also in the car, right, with full self-driving. So that, I think, is a pretty remarkable use of AI that's only going to grow with other companies doing this -- other auto companies doing similar things. And then we have several customers, which are hyperscalers, which are building their own silicon for AI. I mean this is well publicized also, and you can guess who they are. So we are continuing to work with them. And we had several meaningful expansions in Q2 linked to AI chips done by these large hyperscale companies. And now on the vertical side, it kind of applies to all of 5 main product portfolios for AI like we talk with built on JedAI. And those -- that application in EDA and SDA is not node dependent because that can be in all nodes. And even the horizontal AI application, I think, it started advanced node, but it will go to mainstream nodes because of Edge computing. The Edge computing doesn't need to be at 3-nanometer or 2-nanometer. But especially the vertical ones when we put AI in Virtuoso or Allegro or verification, these are -- these can be applied across all the nodes, not just advanced nodes. And the potential -- the benefits that there we are seeing are independent of the nodes. And just to give you an example, like in some cases, it depends on the design. And in some cases, we can get like 10%, 15% PPA benefit from AI. And if you go from one node to another node, sometimes the benefit is 10% to 15%. So you're getting as much benefit from better AI algorithms as moving to a new node. So it also improves the efficiency at your current node. But I think in terms of applying it to EDA and system design and analysis, that will be node independent.
John Marco Conti: Got it. Just a follow-up on hardware. Could you talk about the renewal cycle for hardware? When do you expect the customers to come back and buy newer generation of Protium or Palladium? and is it in line with the EDA cycle, i.e., 2.5 to three years?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, that's a good question. So typically, what we see hardware purchases are tied to their design cycles and sizes of the chips, not necessarily tied to our -- when we introduce our new systems. That can help when we go from Z1 to Z2. But typically, any big customer will typically buy hardware every year, because of they're doing more designs or the design size is going up. If the design size goes up, then they need to consume more hardware. So that's why this hardware business has been so good over the last four, five years because it's not a one and done kind of purchase. You need to buy multiple times as you do bigger and bigger chips and more chips. So -- and then we have multiple lines now, palladium and Protium, so it makes it much less cyclical that you would expect or what it was like a few years ago.
John Wall: Yes, there's a secular demand for hardware capacity or emulation capacity that's -- and it's a pipeline business. So unlike our software business where you know when the existing contract expires and you know the renewal opportunity comes up, typically, we see -- in the past, we used to see a hardware customer come back and purchase a new system, maybe 2.5, three years after the first system, but now they're purchasing new systems regularly because like I said, demand is really, really strong, and there's just a secular trend in that demand for growth in emulation capacity.
John Marco Conti: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Joshua Tilton with Wolfe Research.
Joshua Tilton: Hey, guys. Thanks for sneaking my two questions at here. The first one, I want to go back to the full-year guide. I know that you guys mentioned that you expect, I think, hardware to grow 15% year-over-year in the second-half. But what about compared to the first half? Are you still baking in any conservatism in the hardware guide relative to the strength in hardware that you saw in the first-half of the year?
John Wall: So Josh, just to correct that, the expectation for 15% growth in the second-half is comparing second-half versus second half or total revenue at Cadence, all our businesses. We expect all of our businesses to grow by double-digits in the second-half, compared to the second half last year. Some are stronger than others. In relation to hardware specifically, we've seen strong demand pretty consistently for a couple of years now. In Q1, we ramped up production capacity because lead times had gone over six months. We tried to address those, and it certainly helped with improved demand in the second quarter, and we're seeing more opportunities in the pipeline for the second-half. Now that gives us comfort to raise the guide for the second half of the year. But it is a pipeline business. Typically, people only put their opportunities into the pipeline about a quarter before they intend to purchase. In some cases, you might get visibility four to six months in, but it's a pipeline business. Right now, we have strong backlog for hardware, and that's spread into our decision to increase our guide for the second half, but there is potential for that for that demand to continue. And if we're going to keep production capacity at the levels we're at right now because we expect that demand to continue into the future.
Joshua Tilton: Thanks for clarifying that. And then just my second one, in the prepared remarks, I think you guys used the word full flow in Cerebrus in the same sentence. Are you seeing a dynamic or maybe your AI tools are driving more of your customers to choose to go full flow with Cadence?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, absolutely. That's a very good observation. I mean one trend that is driving full flow adoption is advanced nodes when you move from seven to five to three to two. So that -- because things get more complicated and this -- and we architected this years ago to be full flow. So that helps -- and secondly, that helps is AI orchestration or Cerebrus because it can give better results if the AI engine is able to optimize all aspects of the flow. So there is a natural tie-in to that, which is great for us. This is a fabulous thing and the same thing in other areas as well, like verification. But both these trends are accelerating the deployment of full flow, advanced nodes and AI.
Joshua Tilton: Thank you very much.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Anirudh Devgan for closing remarks.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It's an exciting time for Cadence with strong business momentum and growing opportunities in the semiconductor and systems industry. With a world-class employee base, we continue to deliver on our innovation road map and delight our customers and partners. On behalf of our Board of Directors, we thank our customers partners and investors for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. This concludes today's call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-24 17:45:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Emma, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Richard Gu, Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Richard Gu: Thank you, operator. I would like to welcome everyone to our first quarter of 2023 earnings conference call. I'm joined today by Anirudh Devgan, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. A webcast of this call and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on our website at cadence.com. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements, including our outlook on future business and operating results. Due to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today's discussion. For information on factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent forms 10-K and 10-Q and today's earnings release. All forward-looking statements during this call are based on estimates and information available to us as of today, and we disclaim any obligation to update them. In addition, we will present certain non-GAAP measures, which should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, GAAP results. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. For the Q&A session today, we'd ask that you observe a limit of one question and one follow-up. Now, I will turn the call over to Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you, Richard. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Cadence delivered strong results for the first quarter of 2023, with ongoing robust demand for essential and innovative solutions driving solid double-digit growth. In view of the strong start to the year and the continuing momentum of our business, we are raising our financial outlook for the year. John will provide more details in a moment. Generative AI design tools are revolutionizing chip and system development by delivering unprecedented optimization and productivity benefits. Customers have already been benefiting from our ground-breaking generative AI solutions in the digital, verification and systems areas, and with the recent introductions of Virtuoso Studio and Allegro X AI, we now have an unmatched chip to package to board to systems generative AI portfolio. Leveraging 30 years of industry leadership, Virtuoso Studio accelerates heterogenous system design, and through AI-powered layout automation and optimization provides an average 3x productivity boost for designs in the notably complex analog domain. Several customers including MediaTek, Renesas, Analog Devices and TSMC provided testimonials for the launch. Allegro X AI technology utilizes the latest innovations in generative AI to accelerate PCB design with more than a 10x reduction in turnaround time, and at the recent launch, it was endorsed by Schneider Electric and Kioxia. All of these powerful engines are fueled by our unique, differentiated big data analytics JedAI platform that unifies massive amounts of design and verification data to carry forward learnings and insights to future designs. Our rapidly proliferative generative AI solutions are enabling customers to reap significant power, performance and area benefits through better optimized designs while greatly improving engineering productivity and accelerating design closure. Along with AI, other generational trends such as hyperscale computing, 5G and the digital transformation across multiple verticals continue to propel thriving design activity across semi and systems companies, creating rich market opportunities for our differentiated end-to-end EDA, IP and systems solutions. I am pleased with the momentum in our core EDA business as well as our continued expansion into systems area that provides us both revenue and margin opportunities. Now let's talk about our key highlights for Q1. In Q1, we deepened our collaboration with MediaTek, which includes a broad base of our digital, analog, verification and systems design and analysis solutions. We significantly expanded our collaboration with a marquee aerospace and defense systems company, that included the proliferation of our digital full flow, custom, verification products, as well as our RF and system analysis solutions. And Cadence expanded its collaboration with TSMC and Microsoft, as we leveraged our Pegasus Verification System and Cloudburst platform to accelerate giga-scale physical verification in the cloud. Ever increasing complexities in system verification and software bring-up continued to propel our verification business, to a 31% year-over-year revenue growth. Hardware-based verification has become a must-have part of the customers design flow. And on the heels of a record year, our Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 hardware platforms delivered a record Q1 as market demand remained strong for these best-in-class solutions. With 14 new customers and nearly 30 repeat customers, more than 50% of the orders during the quarter included both platforms. Demand for hardware was broad-based, with particular strength seen in the aerospace and defense and automotive segments. Our new Verisium platform leverages big data and AI to optimize verification workloads, boost coverage and accelerate root cause analysis of bugs. Customers are realizing significant efficiency gains, with Renesas seeing up to a 6x improvement in debug productivity, shortening the time to market for its R-Car designs. Our digital IC business had another solid quarter, with our digital full flow continuing to drive growth especially at the most advanced nodes at market shaping customers. Our innovative Cadence Cerebrus solution provides customers an AI-driven cockpit by applying generative AI to explore the entire design space and intelligently optimizing the digital full flow in a fully automated manner. Cadence Cerebrus now has well over 180 tapeouts. And at last week's CadenceLIVE event, several leading customers, including TI, Renesas, Broadcom, Canon and arm described the remarkable benefits they realized with Cadence Cerebrus. Our system design and analysis business, which is driving our expansion beyond EDA, continued its strong momentum in Q1, delivering 27% year-over-year revenue growth. Accelerating hyperconvergence between system and silicon domains requires seamlessly integrated chip implementation, system design and analysis solutions. Our Integrity 3D-IC platform exemplifies that by natively integrating all the required engines to provide a comprehensive multi-chiplet and advanced packaging flow. Additionally, the growing complexity of designs as well as accelerating of virtual prototype trends require sophisticated multi-physics solutions that not just provide higher capacity and performance, but also result in more optimized designs. Our system analysis portfolio couples our expertise in physics-based modeling with AI-driven optimization and are delivering superior results to customers across multiple end-markets. We are pleased with the new wins and growing repeat orders for our organic Clarity and Celsius products, as well as our CFD technologies. During Nvidia's GTC2023, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang talked about our joint partnership, and the throughput and energy efficiency benefits offered by Cadence's CFD offerings running on Nvidia's accelerated computing platform. And last week, we announced a multi-year technology partnership with the San Francisco 49ers that's focused on sustainability and based on our Future Facilities digital twin technology. In summary, I'm pleased with our Q1 results. Exploding chip and system design complexity will drive a significant non-linear growth in the workload requirements, opening up a massive opportunity for computational software to help realize these innovative products by investing more of the R&D spend in automation. In addition to our strong business results, I am proud of our high-performance inclusive culture and thrilled that we have been selected yet again by Fortune and Great Place to Work as one of the 2023 100 Best Companies to Work For, for the ninth consecutive year. Now, I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q1 results and our updated 2023 outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Anirudh, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report that we exceeded our key financial and operating metrics for the first quarter of 2023. As planned, we increased our hardware production capacity to improve delivery lead times, resulting from strong demand for our hardware solutions. Here are some of the financial highlights from the first quarter, starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $1.022 billion. GAAP operating margin was 31.6% and non-GAAP operating margin was 42.1%. GAAP EPS was $0.89 and non-GAAP EPS was $1.29. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Cash balance at quarter-end was $917 million. Operating cash flow was $267 million. And we repurchased $125 million worth of Cadence shares. Before I provide our outlook for Q2 and the year, I'd like to highlight that it contains our usual assumption that the export control regulations that exist today remain substantially similar for the remainder of the year. Also, for the year, we continue to expect our revenue mix to be consistent with the 15% upfront and 85% recurring revenue mix that we experienced in 2022. With that in mind, our updated outlook for fiscal 2023 is: revenue in the range of $4.03 billion to $4.07 billion; GAAP operating margin in the range of 30% to 31%; non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 41% to 42%; GAAP EPS in the range of $3.26 to $3.34; non-GAAP EPS in the range of $4.96 to $5.04; operating cash flow in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion; and we expect to use approximately 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares. For Q2, we expect revenue in the range of $960 million to $980 million; GAAP operating margin in the range of 29% to 30%; non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 40% to 41%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.73 to $0.77; non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.15 to $1.19; and we expect to repurchase approximately $125 million worth of Cadence shares. As usual, we've published a CFO Commentary document on our Investor Relations website, which includes our outlook for additional items, as well as further analysis and GAAP to Non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, we had a good start to the year. With the increase in our outlook, at the midpoint, we now expect revenue growth for the year at approximately 14%. As always, I'd like to close by thanking our customers, partners and our employees for their continued support. And with that, operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Gary Mobley: Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about an observation that is your upfront revenue, your functional verification revenue and your China-related revenue were all very strong in the first quarter. So, I'm curious to know if all those were related and relate specifically to maybe some pull-forward of some customer deliveries or some customer orders, or was it more so a function of having the ability to turn the hardware verification business around a little bit quicker than expected?
John Wall: Yes, Gary, great question. And, yes, they're all related. We were very pleased to be able to ramp up the production of our hardware because we had such strong demand for hardware solutions in the functional verification business. We successfully ramped that up in Q1 and the subsequent upfront revenue benefited functional verification, it benefited China. I think China is up to 17% of our revenue for Q1, that's mainly hardware driven. And again, we wanted to reiterate the fact that last year we did -- our recurring revenue mix was 85% of our total revenue, 15% upfront. We still expect that to be the case for this year. But in Q1, because of the increased hardware deliveries, the mix was 80% recurring and 20% upfront for the quarter. We wouldn't expect that to repeat for the rest of the year.
Gary Mobley: Okay. And related to that, John, if I'm not mistaken two-and-a-half months ago, when you gave the initial fiscal year '23 revenue guide, you were expecting maybe the hardware-related business to tail off into the second half of the year. Is that still the expectation? Or are you still running near record backlog for that hardware verification business? And that's it from me. Thank you.
John Wall: Great question again, Gary. Yeah, we were very pleased with hardware bookings again in Q1. We didn't take up the second half of the year. I want to wait until the summer to have a look at the pipelines, because hardware is very much a pipeline business. However, we did take up the year by $20 million, and part of that is the beat in Q1, which was some hardware. But the rest of that was strength on the software side, probably predominantly in the system design analysis space. And we raised that for the year, and that's kind of recurring throughout the year. But we haven't taken up second half of the year for hardware. I'd like to wait until the middle of the year for that. We still expect -- I mean, we expect all the businesses to grow strongly this year.
Gary Mobley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. John, for you first on RPO. According to the 10-Q, it looks like you had about $400 million sequential decline from the end of -- from Q4, and also a sequential decline in the next 12 months expected revenue from RPO. And I know that can move around, of course, with hardware and contract timing and so forth, but maybe just talk about the magnitude of that sequential decline in RPO and perhaps any expectations for that for the remainder of the year? And then, my follow-up.
John Wall: Yeah, sure, Jay. The second half of this year is very heavily weighted for bookings for the total year. We're very light in the first half of the year for software renewals. The second half of the year, Q3 and Q4, are very strong for software renewals this year. Unlike last year, last year, I think the first half was we had a number of big software renewals in the first half, we don't have that this year. And when you look at the second half, of course, I mean any big renewal you have in Q3 -- at the end of last year, we had like nine months in cRPO for that and now it's only six months at the end of this quarter. So, it's really just a function of renewal timing and the fact that the first half of the year is light for renewal timing. I'd remind you as well this in terms of renewal timing, the Q1 and Q2 are the two quarters that's kind of -- are like three years after the breakout of the pandemic back in 2020. So, those were light for us anyway in terms of light renewals. So, the second half of the year, much more heavily weighted towards the second half of the year for software renewals, and you see that impact on the RPO and cRPO. To a lesser extent, there was some a drop off on hardware because we delivered so much hardware in Q1, but it's mainly the timing of renewals.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay, understood. Anirudh, for you on AI, the product launches in the last couple of weeks, including last week, and the customer presentation was certainly very interesting. But just want to ask you about management comment at the conference last week that you were making "massive investments in AI." And what was interesting about that is just some of the ad hoc conversations at the conference suggested that the AI development teams are relatively small, perhaps a few dozen per product or per group, but not necessarily very large percentage of your R&D headcount. So, when you say massive investments, in what other ways perhaps do you mean that?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, Jay, good question. So, I think first things I would like to say just to add on to what John was saying earlier, I mean, there could be some fluctuations in renewal timing. But the great thing about our business is we are not sensitive to that, right? I mean, it's mostly ratable business and -- but what I'm pleased to see is that both in system and semi companies that design activity is very strong, okay? Because a lot of these products are -- I mean, we are resilient to the overall kind of macro environment. So, resilient because our products are critical and essential. And then, we are mostly ratable business. And then, we are very diversified, as you know, both geographically and markets. Now in terms of AI, I mean, this is having -- of course, having a significant effect in terms of amount of automation we can provide and the increased automation we can provide. So, we are embedding that, as we mentioned in our CadenceLIVE Conference last year in all products. And it will be pervasive throughout the product line. So, I'm actually pretty pleased to see not only our base kind of JedAI platform, which is you need a data analytics platform to really do AI in intelligent comprehensive way. But also, there are five big platforms on top of JedAI, so from chip to package to board to system. So we always had Cerebrus, which is doing phenomenal with more than 180 tapeouts; Verisium for verification; now Studio, Virtuoso Studio for analog with layout migration and design centering using AI; and then, X AI for Allegro, PCB and packaging, and Optimality for system design and analysis. So, it's a very comprehensive portfolio. And amount of R&D investment just depends on different products. And sometimes we have it within the product, sometimes we have outside, but it will be pervasive through the product portfolio. And like I have mentioned before, our strength in computational software naturally allows our regular -- even regular R&D to do a lot of AI. We, of course, have AI specific R&D, but our regular R&D, given the rich history of EDA and competition software, we can embed that in our product. So, the real value is to really do it comprehensively and make a big difference in terms of productivity, in terms of automation, in terms of PPA benefits that we are delivering to the customers.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thank you, both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Shi with Needham & Company. Your line is now open.
Charles Shi: Good afternoon. Thank you for letting me ask a question or two. So, we really just want to go back to the second half EDA renewal, the expected strength. May I ask those expected renewals, are they already in the backlog or not? Or are they not in the backlog, you expect to sign the renewal in the second half of the year? That's my first question.
John Wall: Yeah. So, Charles, yes, just for clarification, all of our renewals will be -- already be backlog. But if there's, let's say, you have a renewal that's coming up in September, you would have had nine months of backlog left on that renewal at the end of Q4 last year. Now, you have six months left in backlog. And then, when you get to September, you'll have nothing left in backlog and then you have the renewal will come through.
Charles Shi: Okay. So, those renewal contracts are not yet in your current backlog, that's what you're saying?
John Wall: So, the new ones will not be until we do them in the second half of the year.
Charles Shi: Got it. So, may I ask -- yeah, go ahead, please.
John Wall: So, that -- I just wanted to clarify that. Yes, the -- so the remainder of the existing bookings will be in backlog, but that will reduce until we get to the actual renewal date. And then, on the renewal date, we'll have a new booking come through.
Charles Shi: Got it.
John Wall: And that will be additive to the back up.
Charles Shi: Got it. So, just want to really fear this up. I think another analyst just asked about -- the implied booking seems to be down in Q1. And I think you did provide some color, but I want to ask from another perspective. I think in March 2021 quarter, if you still remember the details, that -- in that particular quarter, you had some similar relatively lower bookings back then. And now, in hindsight, it looks like it was just some one-off weakness in bookings and not meaning much in terms of the broader industry trend. Is that the same case this time? Or are you seeing some other more like a trend -- indicative of the trend going on in the industry today? Thank you.
John Wall: Oh, thanks for the opportunity to clarify there, Charles. Certainly, I didn't see any weakness in bookings in Q1. Bookings in Q1 were stronger than we were actually expecting at the start of the quarter. What I was trying to convey was that we had very few software renewals that came up for renewal in Q1 and therefore bookings were expected to be light. The beauty of the recurring revenue model that we have is that the timing of those renewals is not especially important, but it's the annual value of those renewals. And that we continue to see growth in the annual value of those bookings, and we see growth across all of the businesses.
Charles Shi: Thank you, John.
John Wall: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur: Hi. Good afternoon, and nice job on the strong quarterly execution. We had a call last week with one of the largest ASIC semiconductor companies, a very large customer of yours, that they've got chip design programs with many of the cloud and hyperscalers. And they told us that they're seeing a pickup just over the last sort of 60 to 90 days, just the meaningful pickup in design activity and design project pull-ins on their accelerated compute and AI SoC programs from their hyperscale customers. I guess, it's not a surprise given the AI arms race amongst the cloud titans. But have you seen this recent pickup in customer design activity, program pull-ins reflected in your recent discussions on upcoming renewals and/or customer engagements?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, Harlan, that's a great point. So, in general, like I mentioned earlier, I mean, there is a lot of strong design activity. We see with our customers, both on the semi and the system side, and when I talk to our ecosystem partners, right, the foundries and the IP providers. So overall, I think design activity is very strong. Now, in particular, to your specific question on AI, I definitely see a lot more interest. And the reason is, I mean, you know -- I mean, at least one of the reasons I think in which we know -- or you may know already is this new kind of generative AI and all this talk about ChatGPT is that, traditionally search or this kind of AI inferencing the past was done on -- in a CPU. But this new generative AI tools, of course, the training is done on GPUs as always, but even inferencing, when you ask it a question, a lot of the inference is done on GPUs, which is traditionally -- it's a great accelerating platform, but traditionally more expensive than CPU platform. So, not only it will drive more and more adoption of GPU and accelerated computing in the cloud, but also naturally look for customized silicon that can do it much more effectively and efficiently both for performance and power. So, we do see generative AI and adoption of this more reinforcement learning based kind of inference -- training an inference, especially the inference part of it, to drive more silicon demand and more customized silicon, and which is -- which you are correct in your observation. But in general, right, we have talked about for several years, the need for customized silicon, whether it is for generative AI now or in general for self-driving or variety of applications is expected to continue, and we are pleased to see continued momentum in that space.
Harlan Sur: No, I appreciate that. And then, maybe just a follow-on to that question, many of your cloud and OEM customers that historically have worked with these large ASIC companies, we're also hearing that some of them may be trying to build extra distance, right, and pull together the capability to do the entire chip design themselves, right, what we call COT based models, which I would think would mean further expansion of their design teams beyond just front-end design, right, which again would be maybe more market opportunity for things like your Virtuoso franchise, and many of your back-end physical implementation of verification tools. Are you guys seeing this trend as well?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, absolutely. So, I think if you look at this kind of transition of system companies doing their own silicon, I think there are at least three phases of that. And that's why I've commented in the past that we are still in the second inning of this. And you can look at other companies, like, in the mobile space when they started doing their own silicon. So, the first phase is using ASIC provider. And, actually, we have great relationship with almost all the major ASIC providers. We have very deep partnership with all the -- in all geography, world-leading ASIC providers. But typically, the system companies will start with the ASIC provider, but then typically go to a COT flow, or customer owned tooling. And in that, they will do more and more back-end design and more and more -- so usually that is more opportunity for Cadence. And so that the front-end and back-end can be optimized together. I mean, the ASIC provider can do that too, but typically, the customer will go to a COT flow over time. So that's one thing that really -- has already happened in other system companies, is happening in the newer ones. And the other trend, of course, is that they will do more and more designs also. Initially, they'll start with one or two designs like -- and as you can see these examples in all the public ones, like Amazon doing in the beginning in networking chip. And once that networking chip is successful, they moved to graviton, which is a compute server. And then, once that's successful, they go to a AI chip. So, the number of chips also increases. And then, the third reason that there is more and more business is new system companies get in. Traditionally like in the auto space, in the beginning, only one or two will do it, and then more companies will do it. See, that's why I think there is a growing trend will last for a while because there is companies moving from part of the flow in-house to full flow in-house, which is moving to COT from ASIC; more and more designs being done; and thirdly, more and more companies doing silicon. So, all these three trends are positive for Cadence and the products that we supply.
Harlan Sur: Yeah, insightful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Jason Celino: Hey, thanks, guys. Just two questions from me. Maybe my first one, John, you mentioned taking up the full year guidance based on some strength in system analysis. I'm curious, was this driven more from your existing business there, or was it from OpenEye? I guess, how is OpenEye doing relative to expectation?
John Wall: Yes, Jason, so we took up the year by about $20 million, about half of that was with hardware from Q1 because that was a big portion of the beat in Q1. And the other half of that was spread across our software business, mostly in the system design and analysis space and mostly organic. But there was some inorganic contribution as well.
Jason Celino: Okay. And then, my second -- sorry, go ahead, Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan: Go ahead, Jason.
Jason Celino: Oh, sorry, yes. And then, my second question on the guide, it looks like second quarter is going to decline sequentially by about 5%, consistent with what we saw last year too. So maybe just a quick refresher on what's driving the seasonality here?
John Wall: Yes, Jason, when you look at it, it will be -- it'll show up in the functional verification number next quarter. I think the -- when I look at -- like Q1 was great. I mean, functional verification was up 30% year-over-year. The quarter was up low teens. When I look at Q2, Q2 also looks great. It's going to be up low teens again compared to Q1 '22, but functional verification will be up probably closer to 20% rather than 30%. But -- so, it's our expectation that in our guide, we're assuming that the recurring revenue mix for the year stays at 85-15, 85% recurring, 15% upfront, same as what we experienced last year. Now, in Q1, it was 80%, 20%, so there was a lot of open revenue for the hardware deliveries that went out in Q1. In Q2 -- we expect Q2, Q3, Q4 to be less than the 80-20, and it will average 85-15 for the year. So, you're seeing that in the Q2 guide.
Jason Celino: Okay. Excellent...
Anirudh Devgan: Also, Jason, just to add on to what John said, if you look at the Q2 guide, we're still up nicely from Q2 of last year.
Jason Celino: Okay. Awesome. Thanks for the clarification.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I had a near term and then kind of a bigger picture question. So near term, your IP sales have slowed down. I think, for three quarters now, I think they are actually down year-on-year. I'm curious on what's -- Anirudh, what's driving the slowdown? And do you expect IP to grow in line with the 14% sales growth for the entire company? What will help those sales reaccelerate in the back half?
Anirudh Devgan: So, Vivek, in general, IP is still a good business, and we expect, in 2023, IP business to grow in the low teens compared to last year. So, there is some quarter-by-quarter fluctuation, but in general, we expect IP business to perform well in 2023, yes.
John Wall: And so, yes, and what I would add to that is that -- and you know what, IP revenue generally can be lumpy because some of it's upfront and it's based on the timing of deliveries. Now last year, our IP revenue, we had more deliveries that fell into the first half compared to the second half. This year, it's the other way around, we have more IP deliveries that fall into the second half compared to the first half. So, it kind of skewed the year-over-year numbers, but we're very, very pleased with the performance of the IP business. As Anirudh says, we're generally targeting increasingly profitable low-teen growth every year for our IP business, and we're on track for that.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And then my bigger picture question is, what is the right kind of public metric to gauge how much benefit you're getting from AI? Is it accretive to your pricing to your growth rate? So just what is the best public metric to appreciate how much benefit you're getting from AI? And is there a scenario where just the improved productivity, right, or accuracy that AI provides, could it even cannibalize some of your hardware or software part of the business, or do you think it's kind of net accretive longer term, just given the larger TAM size and the greater customer engagement? So, just what have you seen so far from AI? What is the best way for us to track how much incremental benefit? And do you expect it to be net accretive over time?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Vivek, what I would say qualify AI is another way of providing dramatic automation, that's -- and this history of our industry is to provide more and more automation. And I would say AI is like third wave of massive automation and productivity improvement. I mean, the first wave was moving up abstraction level going from transistor level to gate level to RTL level to C level. That's one wave that drove our industry, which is -- the second wave in the last 10 years is parallelism. Cadence has invested heavily in massive parallelism whether it's on-prem or on the cloud, and starting from 2013, we have a lot of paddle products. And then, now, the third wave of productivity and automation is using AI or what I always call AI for optimization now called reinforcement learning or generative AI. So, we have a history over the last 20, 30 years of doing this kind of -- and in all cases, it doesn't cannibalize. Actually, the activity increases and amount of software used and amount of optimization that happens, more and more designs are done with the available resource headcount. So I expect AI to do that. I mean, in general, the benefit is so huge that when you get these new capabilities, you use it to do much more efficient design. Okay. I'll give you an example, starting to -- some very senior people in our industry, and one comment has been that the Moore's Law has slowed in terms of actual improvements you're getting from one node to another node, when you went from 65 to 40-nanometer, you get X amount of improvement, and now when you go to 5 to 3, that used to be 20%, now is -- they went to 50%, now maybe it's like 10% improvement. And even our tools like Cerebrus or a lot of the other AI-based tools can provide easily 5% to 10% improvement in PPA. So you are getting improvement from better algorithms, which are similar to half or full node of a process technology improvement, okay? And that's just huge. The amount of improvement you can get from this third wave of automation using generative AI is huge. So -- and I think that's one metric that we have published a lot in terms of how much PPA and product improvements we are getting, and that's what we closely monitor with our customers. And I think -- and the other thing is to apply that across other things, not just digital implementation, to apply to package design, to board design, to simulation. And what I think it -- opportunity it gives us is, over time, we can get higher share of R&D invested in automation, because the complexity of these things is going up exponentially, so the headcount can't go up exponentially. So, the headcount, I expect, still will grow five, 10 years from now in terms of R&D spend in our customers, but we can get a bigger share of that R&D spend applied to automation.
Vivek Arya: Thanks, Anirudh.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gianmarco Conti with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Gianmarco Conti: Hi, there. Hi, Anirudh and John. Thanks for taking my questions. So, on my first one, I just want to touch base again on the AI suite piece. Firstly, whether you're entering a more mature phase of the price discovery mode as you're accelerating volumes? And secondly, perhaps thinking about the specifics of what are the AI demand drivers here, whether those are correlated to increased design at the lower nodes, are there other trends that we should be aware of other than the increase in complexity, i.e. some specific trends in the industry that you're seeing beyond the semi players, particularly as you've mentioned, of course, optimality in SD&A? Is there anything that we can sort of like track or understand what's going on behind the bonnet? I'll ask a follow-up question after. Thank you.
Anirudh Devgan: Absolutely. I think, we talked about chip, right, and how AI can help this third wave of automation. But the same thing can be applied at package and system levels. I do want to highlight that. We have talked for a few years on importance of merging system and semi and how system companies are doing semi and then we can also provide solutions for system design and analysis like thermal simulation, electromagnetic simulation, fluid dynamics. And traditionally, those areas were -- first of all, the simulation capabilities were -- could be improved, just the raw simulation speed. So, for example, Clarity for electromagnetic, we got order of magnitude improvement versus traditional methods, because applying our computational software expertise, we can do a lot more simulation. But on top of that, there are two other things that can jump to our system design and analysis, and you're seeing that even our growth that you're seeing. So, one thing is use of GPU acceleration. And we talked about this in my prepared remarks. And I think GPU acceleration is significant for system design and analysis there. And the other thing is applying AI on top of simulation. So, EDA has a long history of optimization, not just simulation. An AI for optimization of generative AI is really new for system design and analysis, because they are barely -- even the simulation capabilities were not keeping up, but they didn't really have that much optimization capability. So, the response we are getting from Allegro X AI and Optimality is huge, because not only simulation is possible for the first time, but the optimization of simulation. Because in general, if you're doing some thermal design or design of the data center, yes, you want to stimulate of a car, but you want to optimize, whether it's the shape of the wing or placement of the racks in the data centers. And all this is really now possible with generative AI. So, I think the impact on this SD&A will be profound apart from the impact on chip design. And we are the company that can combine those two things and apply AI to both of these areas.
Gianmarco Conti: Great. Thank you. And just my second one is on M&A, whether there's any M&A in sight or plan on increasing the portfolio perhaps in SD&A -- sorry, in systems and analysis, or is 2023 consistent with the plan of distributing cash to shareholders via buybacks?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. I mean, in general, we want to start with the strategy, and we feel we have a very, very strong strategy with intelligent system design, this combination of silicon system and data. And we are very pleased with our progress, and we continue to grow organically and perform well both in terms of revenue growth and margin. So that's our base strategy, base outlook. Now, we always evaluate M&A as it comes up and if it's a good return for our shareholders and good return in terms of R&D. But in general, we are pleased with our strategy and our organic execution.
Gianmarco Conti: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy with Rosenblatt Securities. Your line is now open.
Blair Abernethy: Thank you. Just a quick question on the multi-physics side of things, the system design. The growth, I think you called it, was around 27% year-over-year. Just want to clarify, was that including the acquisitions, or is that organic? And then, secondly, just on the multi-physics side of things, how are you doing in terms of your go-to-market strategy and scaling the business up? It looks like it's getting close to a $500 million run rate. Just want to see how you're doing in the go-to-market side of things.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, absolutely. The growth rate is a combination of organic and inorganic, right, the acquisitions we made in the past. And in terms of go-to-market, we have -- of course, there is a lot of overlap with our current customers, too. And then, of course, some of the customers are new customers. So, we try to leverage both our existing channel, and then we also have set up a system kind of sales team that targeted new customers that we traditionally haven't talked to. But one thing to remember in SD&A, as this overlap of system and semi companies, lot of the leading companies in SD&A are companies that Cadence already has a very deep relationships. So -- and we are still selling to the engineering organizations and it's just -- so the good part is both the EDA and the SDA, our engineering software maybe different parts of the customers are engineering organization, but more and more coupled engineering organization with the combination of system and semi. And then, when we go to SD&A side, we always look at a three-pronged approach in terms of go-to-market. So, one is direct sales, like we do for our EDA business. And that -- we have great relationship with the top customers in the world, which are consuming both EDA and SDA. And then, I think in SD&A, there is a bigger portion of indirect or channel. So, we had a strong channel for our Allegro and OrCAD businesses, which is PCB and packaging, but we have expanded the channel to now include SD&A to bring our new channel partners throughout the world. And then, the third part of our go-to-market is using cloud and OnCloud, we announced last year. So go direct, especially for smaller customers who don't want to have in their own IT department and especially in the systems space, they are much more amenable to direct SaaS kind of cloud offering. So, overall, this is an ongoing progression. As you said now the business is getting to a good scale and especially in SD&A, we want this three-pronged approach of direct, indirect plus cloud. But one thing to remember is a lot of the top customers in SD&A are already existing EDA customers, and that really helps us as we go to go-to-market.
Blair Abernethy: That's great. Thanks, Anirudh.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Ruben Roy: Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions. John, I had a question on the commentary around renewals. And just thinking back to the pandemic and how you guys thoughtfully took into account some of your smaller customers and how that might impact some of your software renewals. Just wondering, given the state of the economy right now, and we've already seen some slowing in IT spending, do you think you might see some uncertainty given the soft macro and renewals in the second half? Are you calibrating that into your thinking for full year guidance at this point, or is that not something that you're worried about?
John Wall: Yes, Ruben, I'm not really worried about that in the second half in terms of the renewals. The renewals are with really large very, very highly creditworthy customers. But we did see some softness in the lower creditworthy Tier of customers like start-ups in Q1. And we have already factored that into our guidance for the year -- for both Q2 and for the year. But generally, at the high end with the big renewals are with like the strongest creditworthy customers in the industry.
Ruben Roy: Right. Got it. Thank you, John. And then, a quick follow-up for Anirudh on the hardware. It's come up now a few times, Anirudh, on your call, which is nice to see that the take rate, or attach rate, I should say, of hardware continues to move up. The numbers have been quite strong, obviously. Is there a way to think about the percentage of your customers now that are on the new Palladium and Protium systems? Just wondering if there's a continued refresh cycle coming around that relevant metric at all to think about kind of what the percentage of customers is. And that continues to go up, is 85-15 sort of the right way to think about the longer-term mix for the company?
Anirudh Devgan: I mean the good thing with the hardware is that, like we mentioned in the past, like it has become almost an essential part of the design process. So -- and it's almost -- it's virtually impossible to design these complex chips without use of the hardware platforms. So, I would say all the major customers, especially all the big major customers that drive most of our revenue are using hardware anyway. Now, there is -- so there's always room for refresh of that of the hardware they're using. And also, as the chips -- as they go to different nodes -- I mean we are like 5-nanometer going to 3, to 2, to 1.4, to 1, so there is at least 10 years of node refresh ahead of us. So, every time we go to a new node, the size of the chip increases, the number of gates that are on chip increases. So, you typically need more and more hardware. So, the capacity requirement for hardware increases. So that's why I think that for long term, hardware is going to be in a secular growth period. Not only is it critical, but you need more and more and that's going to last for at least for the next 10 years, if not more. And then sometimes, there's opportunities for some of the smaller customers to add hardware, and we look at that also, and we have a variety of business models to help the smaller customers. But at this point, most of our big customers are using hardware, but still there is growth because the chip size increases, or if they're using Palladium, they can use more Protium and vice versa.
John Wall: Yeah, I would just add to that, Ruben, that I think your question emanates from the fact that back in 2021, I think our recurring revenue to our upfront mix was 88-12. And of course, that grew the upfront. And hardware was so strong last year, it went to 85-15. And of course, we're guiding to the year of 85-15 now. Without -- with the caveat that we're going to take another look in the summer, and we may take the second half up if we see continued hardware strength, because strength continued into Q1. And although we're guiding 85-15 right now, I would take the over on the 15 rather than the under.
Ruben Roy: That's really helpful, John. Thanks. I guess, just really quick, I know I'm only allowed one follow-up. But just on that point, have lead times normalized, would you say, or is there more work to be done on the production side?
John Wall: We should get back to more normal lead times by the middle of the year, but we thought it was really important in the first half to prioritize deliveries to customers that have been waiting the longest for the hardware. I mean, as you know, we have multiple uses for the hardware. We want to set up demo models for customers for future sales and things like that. But the first quarter was heavily weighted towards deliveries to customers that have been waiting a long time for those orders. We're still working through those lead times, but we expect to be back to more normal lead times by the middle of the year.
Ruben Roy: That's great. Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. Your line is now open.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. I wanted to take another crack at the topic of AI and adoption. So, when you think about -- maybe the best example is Cerebrus, within implementation efforts, if you think about the total block engineers as an account, what share of those engineers are typically using the product at this point? And in your mind, is that something as we enter the next round of renewals, it could get more widely deployed across the entire team?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Joe, what I would say is that, I mean, like we talked about, I think, out of top 20 customers, I think 10 of them are using Cerebrus for production. And then, we are engaged with all the top customers and then five hyperscalers are using. And I think -- but still it's not -- I think there's still a lot of opportunity for growth there. Because the way I look at it is, especially Cerebrus or JedAI or all these platforms that I think over time, they will become the cockpit. So, in the old days, in case of digital implementation, Innovus was the cockpit. So, the customers would run in Innovus or try different experiments with Innovus. But now Cerebrus can do that mathematically with AI. And then, you can still combine that with the -- you can still do manual experiments on top of that. So, I think overall, I would expect in three to five years, almost all designers would be using Cerebrus what they were using Innovus in the past, okay? And same thing with Optimality, same thing with Allegro X AI. So, we are still ways from that. So, there is still this progression that has to happen. So, I think we are engaged with all the customers. They're using it. But I think over time, it will become the dominant way of running products will be using Cerebrus rather than using the old way. It's like going from manual cars to automatic cars. Some people may still want to drive manual, but more and more people will drive automatically using Cerebrus. So, I think in that, we are still in the early innings. So, it's still like years to go in that. And that's good. We are -- in our business, like we mentioned earlier, we're looking at annual contract value and let the natural adoption happens over the next few years.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. That's great. And then, on the system design segment, can you -- I don't think I heard it, just an update on where you expect growth to be in 2023? And then, in reflecting on the development here and kind of the upside you're seeing in bookings, is it possible to pinpoint at something like -- you talked about the repeat orders on the organic solvers. You've obviously built a bigger CFD business. There's some new channel initiatives. Are any of these things more important than others in terms of driving the upside you've seen?
Anirudh Devgan: I think 2023, I still expect a very good year for system design and analysis. In terms of initiatives, I think there are a whole bunch of initiatives we are driving. I think what we always say is we are obsessed with best-of-class products first. So that's the most important thing. If the products are differentiated, the customers always use it. And all these channel initiative helps, and awareness of our products with marketing helps. But in the end, we are always focused on developing and supporting making best-in-class products. So on that, we've made a lot of progress and benefits. I mean, recently, I talked about it in my prepared remarks. But one thing I think in system design and analysis, like I mentioned, I'm very optimistic about use of GPUs. And GPUs have done wonders in AI, right, by accelerating AI computation. And traditionally, GPUs haven't worked that well in EDA. They do help EDA, but it can dramatically help SDA, because SDA is a more kind of the -- it's more physics-based simulation. So, it's more kind of matrix multiply, which is similar to [Inspirit] (ph) AI. So, like recently with our collaboration with NVIDIA, Jensen talked about that Cadence CFD on GPU for the same cost is giving a 9x improvement in speed up and 17x improvement in power efficiency. And GPUs are slightly more expensive than CPUs. I mean, typically, I would guess, at least 3x to 5x. So, you're getting 30x to 50x speed up on GPUs that normalized for cost is still getting 10x or 9x improvement in speed. So that's a huge improvement based on our special algorithms, because we have a long history of massive parallelism in CPUs and now we are applying it to GPUs, both especially in SD&A, both for electromagnetic and CFD. So, I think that can also provide a lot of growth. I talked about AI and all for chip and system, but this acceleration on GPUs, accelerated compute for system analysis is another big vector. And even in OpenEye, we use GPUs for acceleration. So, I think that's -- we have multiple ways to accelerate our position in SD&A, but we're always focused on best-in-class first, right?
Joe Vruwink: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew DeGasperi with Berenberg. Your line is now open.
Andrew DeGasperi: Thanks for fitting me in. I guess one question I had is, and I know you've talked a lot about AI on this call, but just wondering if you think this could potentially lead to more pronounced market share shifts in the future? I know historically, there's not been a lot of market share changes in EDA. But just wondering if we thought with the portfolio that you have relative and your investments that you made relative to your competitors, do you think that could change?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, that's a good point. I mean, in general, like I mentioned, we're always focused on best-in-class right, so and that AI can play a big role in that. But I do think that the real opportunity for the industry, both for EDA, SD&A is more and more share of R&D going to automation. I think that will be good for all players, of course, we invest heavily. We want to have best-in-class solutions in our products. But I think the bigger trend will also be -- these things are getting so complex. There's not going to be enough headcount to design these things five, seven years from now. So, the bigger opportunity for the entire industry is more shift to automation, and that's, I think, good for everyone.
Andrew DeGasperi: That's helpful. And then -- sorry, go ahead.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, please.
Andrew DeGasperi: No, go ahead.
Anirudh Devgan: I mean yes, the other thing I think the way we are unique is not just apply best-in-class products in EDA, but we combine chip and systems. I think that's also provided us unique differentiation with our customers and our market position. And that's the strategy we have been implementing for the last four or five years. And applying AI improves our EDS solution, but also the combination of EDA plus SDA and computational software, that also improves our competitive position in the market.
Andrew DeGasperi: That's helpful. And then, maybe on just general trends this quarter. Just wondering in terms of the systems business, have you seen any change, particularly in the data center side in terms of demand, or is it being kind of consistent relative to the previous quarters?
Anirudh Devgan: I think that -- I mean you know the news is -- I mean it's a tough environment for our -- in general, with all the news. But in general, like I said, the design activity is strong, okay, and so -- and our results are strong. I think the data center customer is still invest heavily in automation and R&D. And the new uptick like beginning of the call we talked about, the new uptake, I think, is more to the infrastructure to serve generative AI. I think that's definitely a very active area for the big data center companies, because these things are really complicated and complex to serve this whole generative AI base. So, that will require use of specialized hardware, also different kind of hardware mix in the infrastructure. So, I think that's going to be a change, and that's good for our opportunities for us.
Andrew DeGasperi: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arsenije Matovic with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Arsenije Matovic: Hi. This is Arsenije on for Josh. So, just a double click on the systems company strength. And I wanted to see if there was any kind of call-outs, in particular end markets, and how many dealerships the end markets have changed relative to last year, or any kind of outlook changing in terms of end market demand within those companies? Thanks, and then a quick follow-up.
Anirudh Devgan: Well, I would say that in system companies, data center is always a lot of activity driven by generative AI. And I think we mentioned also in our prepared remarks, automotive and A&D are definitely -- we're seeing a lot of design activity in those. So, I would -- if you have to pick like a few verticals, so definitely data centers with AI and then automotive, AI, in general, but also electrification and more A&D, and we are seeing that in our own engagements with customers.
Arsenije Matovic: Got it. And then, if we could kind of think about some of the strength in hardware, how much of that is driven from refresh from existing large semi customers versus maybe new purchases from systems companies? If you kind of like quantify that from a high level would be helpful.
Anirudh Devgan: I think it's a combination of both. It's both like the system -- the semi company has more designs, and newer designs require more and more hardware. And system companies, by its nature, also have software. That's -- otherwise there wouldn't be system companies. So, in system companies, our dual dynamic view of Protium and Palladium really helps, because Protium is more for software bring-up and then Palladium for chip bring-up. So, I would say both are strong, but there is more software content by nature in the system company.
Arsenije Matovic: Thank you.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Anirudh Devgan for closing remarks.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It's an exciting time for Cadence with strong business momentum and growing opportunities in the semiconductor and systems industry. We are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture we have built at Cadence. And on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers, partners and investors for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Julianne, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Richard Gu, Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Richard Gu: Thank you, operator. I would like to welcome everyone to our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call. I am joined today by Anirudh Devgan, President and Chief Executive Officer and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call and a copy of today’s prepared remarks will be available on our website cadence.com. Today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements, including our outlook on future business and operating results. Due to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today’s discussion. For information on factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q and today’s earnings release. All forward-looking statements during this call are based on estimates and information available to us as of today and we disclaim any obligation to update them. In addition, we will present certain non-GAAP measures, which should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for GAAP results. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are included in today’s earnings release. Today’s earnings release for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, related financial tables and CFO commentary are also available on our website. [Operator Instructions] Now, I will turn the call over to Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you, Richard. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that Cadence delivered record results for 2022 as we exceeded our guidance yet again, achieving 19% revenue growth and over 40% non-GAAP operating margin. Cadence’s innovative solutions are essential and especially relevant in the current environment, enabling customers to achieve their increasingly challenging design goals. Secular megatrends such as 5G, hyperscale computing and AI/ML that are driving sustained long-term semiconductor and system growth remain unchanged. Amid ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty, companies continue making significant investment in their next-generation products, resulting in robust design activity. We expect our pioneering solutions to continue fueling broad-based business momentum in 2023, driving strong revenue growth and profitability. John will provide more details in a moment. Our Intelligent System Design strategy greatly broadens our total available market and leading end-to-end EDA IP, hardware and expanding system analysis portfolio uniquely position us to capture a wide range of market opportunities. During the year, we introduced 9 significant innovative products across all of our business groups and we expect these to be key drivers of our future growth. The age of AI is upon us and Cadence provides several groundbreaking computational software-driven generative AI technologies at both the chip and system level unified by JedAI, our differentiated big data analytics platform. Our customers are seeing dramatic results, with these solutions delivering highly optimized designs and unprecedented efficiency gains. Additionally, by automating repetitive tasks and producing new ideas, our generative AI frees up engineers to focus on more advanced high-value activities, opening up more opportunities for innovation. During the year, we also materially expanded our core EDA, IP and system solutions footprint and market-shaping customers. In Q2, we extended our collaboration with AMD to a far-reaching commitment to our innovative core EDA hardware, design IP and system software solutions. In Q3, we deepened our partnership with BAE Systems across our core EDA and systems portfolio, including proliferation of our digital full flow and analog products and a broad expansion of our PCB and multi-physics system analysis solutions. And in Q4, we have broadened our relationship with a global leader in memory and storage solutions through an extensive proliferation of our custom, digital and system solutions. We also expanded our strategic partnership with a global leader in networking and telecommunication through their renewed commitment to our core EDA, IP and system solutions. In addition, we further our partnership with leading foundry, IP and cloud service providers and won six Open Innovation Platform Partner of the Year awards from TSMC. Now, let’s talk about some of the product highlights for both Q4 and 2022. Our digital IC business finished another strong year, with 17% revenue growth. Deployment of our digital full-flow delivering industry-leading quality of results at the most advanced nodes continue to accelerate, with nearly 50 additional customers adopting it during the year. Our digital software is now deployed in all top 20 semiconductor companies. We are pleased with the accelerating growth of our front-end Genus and Joules Tools and signoff products such as Tempus and Qantas, complementing the board proliferation of Innovus. Our transformative Cadence Cerebrus AI-driven solution continued to deliver impressive PPA and productivity gains across a wide range of designs, resulting in broader adoption and accelerating proliferation. Among others, it is now deployed at 10 of the top 20 semiconductor companies, including 7 of the top 10 semis and at several major hyperscalers. In Q4, GUC successfully delivered an advanced HPC design and a CPU design using our digital full flow and Cadence Cerebrus on TSMC N5 process technology, delivering 8% reduced power and a 9% area improvement while significantly improving engineering productivity. In 2022, several market-shaping customers, including Intel, NVIDIA, Broadcom, Samsung and Renesas shared their remarkable successes with Cadence Cerebrus at our CadenceLIVE user conferences. Escalating system and software bring-up complexities, combined with relentless first-pass silicon requirements, continued to drive strong demand for our essential Functional Verification solutions. Our Verification business grew 28% year-over-year, fueled by secular trend for hardware, which had another record year. Our dynamic duo of Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 platforms, providing best-in-class system verification and software bring-up solutions, saw accelerated growth and strong momentum across mobile, hyperscale, HPC and increasingly, auto EV segment. Our hardware family added 30 new customers and over 160 repeat orders during the year. Due to the compelling value offered by common front-end compiler, demand for the pair greatly exceeded our expectations, with more than two-third of the orders in the year, including both platforms. Our new Cadence Verisium AI Verification Platform enables dramatic improvements in debug productivity. And in early production usage at several market-shaping customers, Verisium delivered up to a 30x improvement in efficient root cause analysis. Our custom IC Virtuoso and Spectre franchise solutions tackled the toughest challenges in analog, mixed signal, RF design and circuit simulation. And as electrification and digital transformation trends gain momentum, they are becoming increasingly crucial to our customers. Building on our market leadership, our custom IC revenue grew 13% year-over-year in 2022, with Virtuoso growth spurred by demand in advanced nodes, heterogeneous integration and the emerging silicon photonics segment. We added 200 new Virtuoso logos and more than 150 logos for Spectre, with Spectre FX making strong headway in FastSPICE memory applications. Increasing usage of preconfigured IP blocks to reduce risk and time to market, coupled with our star IP portfolio, led to a strong year for our IP business, which grew 12% year-over-year in 2022. Demand was particularly strong in HPC, 5G and automotive segments, with our silicon proven, high-performance PCIe Gen 5, LPDDR5 and Ethernet interfaces helping secure key wins in advanced node designs. Our Tensilica DSP portfolio continued expanding its footprint in smart speakers and True Wireless Stereo headsets, imaging and machine learning applications. Rising system complexity and challenges stemming from the growing hyperconvergence of the electrical, mechanical and physical worlds are driving the strong need for a seamless platform solution across design, packaging, simulation and analysis. Our System Design and Analysis business that is expanding our TAM beyond EDA continued its strong momentum, delivering 27% year-over-year growth. Industry interest in advanced packaging solutions notably spiked in 2022, with customers embracing our revolutionary Integrity 3D-IC solution, the industry’s only comprehensive platform providing tightly integrated system planning, implementation and analysis technologies. Our multi-physics portfolio comprising of leading electromagnetic, electrothermal, signal and power integrity and CFD solutions continued ramping strongly across multiple end-markets. Our in-design analysis solutions had several significant wins with HPC and hyperscaler customers, while our CFD Fidelity platform proliferated with market shaping aerospace and defense customers. During the year, Fidelity CFD’s software meshing capabilities were chosen by Toyota Motor Europe to be their standard workflow for CFD preprocessing. And in numerous customer engagements, Optimality Explorer, the industry’s first AI-driven multidisciplinary system analysis and optimization solution has demonstrated up to a 10x efficiency improvement in design space exploration, leading to faster time to results. Lastly, in keeping with our transition plan, Lip-Bu Tan has notified the Cadence Board that he will not seek reelection at our upcoming 2023 Annual Stockholders’ Meeting in May. He will continue to serve as an advisor to me. We will return to an independent chair structure with ML Krakauer becoming our next Board Chair following that meeting. The rest of the Board and I look forward to working closely with ML in her new role. In closing, we are pleased with our strong execution in 2022 and are thrilled by the business momentum and market opportunities ahead of us in 2023. Now, I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q4 results and our 2023 outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Anirudh and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report that we exceeded all of our key financial and operating metrics for the fourth quarter and 2022. Robust customer design activity and demand for our strong technology portfolio continued to drive growth across all of our businesses. Cadence had an excellent 2022 and we began 2023 with a lot of confidence and strong momentum on the back of the stability and resilience you would expect from a predominantly recurring revenue model. Here are some of the financial highlights from the fourth quarter and the year, starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $900 million for the quarter and $3.562 billion for the year. GAAP operating margin was 23.5% for the quarter and 30.1% for the year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 35.6% for the quarter and 40.3% for the year. GAAP EPS was $0.88 for the quarter and $3.09 for the year and non-GAAP EPS was $0.96 for the quarter and $4.27 for the year. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Our cash balance was $882 million at year end, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $750 million. Operating cash flow in the fourth quarter was $264 million and $1.24 billion for the full year. DSOs were 49 days and we repurchased $1.05 billion worth of Cadence shares during the year. Before I provide our outlook for Q1 and 2023, I’d like to share a few comments. Our most recent fiscal year ended on December 31, 2022. This fiscal year will also end on December 31 as we have now moved our fiscal year to a calendar year. Approximately 15% of our annual revenue for fiscal 2022 was upfront with 85% recurring. At the midpoint of our 2023 revenue outlook, we are expecting a similar revenue mix for the year. And our outlook for 2023 assumes export control regulations remain substantially similar for the remainder of the year. In our outlook for 2023, we expect revenue in the range of $4 billion to $4.06 billion, GAAP operating margin of 30.5% to 32%, non-GAAP operating margin of 40.5% to 42%, GAAP EPS in the range of $3.24 to $3.34, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $4.90 to $5, operating cash flow in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion. And we expect to use approximately 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares in 2023. For Q1, we expect revenue in the range of $1 billion to $1.02 billion, GAAP operating margin in the range of 31% to 32%, non-GAAP operating margin of 41% to 42%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.84 to $0.88, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.23 to $1.27. And as usual, we published the CFO commentary document on our Investor Relations website, which includes our outlook for additional items as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, I am pleased that we achieved double-digit revenue growth across all of our businesses, increased 3-year revenue CAGR into the mid-teens. And I am especially pleased that we continue to expand annual operating margins. As always, I’d like to thank our customers, partners and our employees for their continued support. And with that, operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Charles Shi from Needham & Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Charles Shi: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. Maybe the first one is kind of like a two-part question. Maybe this is to John. John, your fiscal year and Q1 guidance seem to imply a relatively flat revenue profile through the year. And I am sure you heard – it will appear there seems to be seeing a slightly upward trending profile through their fiscal year. Although I know the fiscal year, yours and theirs end slightly different months. Is the difference just a matter of more conservatism on your side or is it a matter of different end market mix or product mix? Maybe let me ask the second part. I think they are kind of related. I will ask all at once. I think one quarter ago, you were cautious, your hardware sales into fiscal ‘23 because 2022 like you just said, it’s a record year for the hardware sales. So what is your assumption in the full year guidance for fiscal ‘23 on your hardware revenue profile in the year? Is it flat? Or is it that – are you assuming there is some recovery in the second half of the year? Thank you.
John Wall: Hi, Charles. Thanks for the questions, those excellent questions. The – yes, we’re expecting another strong start to the year as we continue to see strength in our hardware business. You did pick up some caution ahead I think the last quarter because hardware was proving not to be discretionary at all for our customers, and hardware demand was outpacing our ability to produce the hardware. And that was the case for the entirety of last year. We were not able to keep up with demand. Demand is really, really strong as we head into the new year for 2023. But we’ve increased our production capacity and we feel more confident in our ability to meet that demand for 2023. And as you can see from the outlook, we’re expecting that last year, the 85-15 split in recurring revenue to upfront revenue mix, we expect that to continue. Now the second half of the year is harder to predict for hardware, so typically, I wait until the middle of the year. And if we see continued strength into the second half of the year, we can increase the second half later. And then I think that impacts the quarterly profile because you started your question with why the year felt a little bit flat. And that’s because we expect to deliver a lot of hardware in the first half of the year. And in the second half of the year, we’ve kind of de risked the second half of the year for hardware. If we see continued demand at this pace, we will have to take the second half up.
Charles Shi: Thank you. That’s excellent. Maybe my second question, maybe this is for Anirudh. I think some investors are worried about hyperscaler spending on EDA, I mean, both on a near-term and a long-term sense. I mean, in the near-term, I mean, obviously, the layoff in tech, well, some people think it could reduce the chip design projects and lost jobs for design engineers. And in the long-term, I mean, there is a smaller portion of the investors are kind of worried about the sustainability of the hyperscale spending strength, although I think chatter around AI recently seems to suggest that, that strength is probably not going to – going down but probably going to accelerate. So can you share your observation or any insights, the real demand coming from hyperscaler side? And what’s your thought – what’s your current outlook going into like a 2, 3-year horizon? Thank you.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Hi, Charles, thanks for the question. Our demand is broad-based, right, across both our semiconductor customers and our system customers. So as we mentioned before, right now, about 45% of our business is coming from system companies. That includes hyperscaler and other kind of system companies. And I’m very cautiously optimistic that this trend is continued for a long time, okay? Because I think some of these trends are a reversible of system companies doing silicon design. They are already having a lot of success. If you look at whether they are social media companies or phone companies or data center companies or car companies, they have multiple design projects in different stages of development. And overall, we see strong design activity on the systems side and on the semi side. Now there is always some reports here and there. This is not a straight line, right? Some customers may do more. Some customers may do less. But overall, like there will be more and more designs done by system companies. And as you know, the other part of our interaction with system companies is also expanding our portfolio to include System Design & Analysis products, our SDA segment. So we are working with system companies, not just on the silicon side but on the system side, whether it’s 3D-IC or thermal simulation or CFD. And you can see that part of our business is also growing very strongly. So last year, we reported about 27% growth in the system business, which is beyond our traditional EDA business. So overall, I am pretty pleased. And I think design activity remains very strong, driven by 3-nanometer and other things and the expansion of our portfolio to System Design & Analysis.
Charles Shi: Thank you, Anirudh. Thank you, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Celino from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jason Celino: Great, thanks and good quarter. When I look at the guidance, 12% to 14% growth to start the year, best growth guidance I’ve seen and you invest last year’s on a much tougher comp. John, any change to philosophy in terms of how you set guidance?
John Wall: That’s a great question, Jason. No, we’ve approached guidance the same way we normally do. Last year, if you recall, we wanted to wait until we had increased visibility into the hardware pipeline, so we were a bit more conservative about the second half for hardware. We’re approaching this year very similarly, but we had – we just finished with really, really strong momentum through the year. And the guide, I mean, there is so much of it coming out of backlog, we feel very confident in the year.
Jason Celino: Okay. And then I think you mentioned on the hardware side, you increased capacity. How hard is it to toggle that up and down? I’m just trying to understand what this means in terms of confidence level and pipeline? Thanks.
John Wall: Yes, Jason, it’s – we’ve got access to more production capacity now. We have added additional lines to build the hardware. For the last year, we couldn’t build it fast enough. We did ramp up production capacity, I think, 40% last year, but we sold more than that so we didn’t keep up with demand. So we ramped up production capacity again for 2023, and we feel very confident that we have access to the inventory and the components we need to meet that production demand. But also to the extent that we can produce extra systems, we have a number of underserved or unserved customers that want access to our hardware in the cloud. So any excess capacity we can generate or any excess production we can generate, we can put into the cloud for that offering.
Jason Celino: Thanks, John. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Want to ask about JedAI and all the related machine learning and AI-enabled tools. We’ve been getting a lot of questions from investors in terms of how to think about how that becomes accretive to your growth rate and how it becomes accretive to your average deal size. Maybe if you can just share with us where you’re at in this price discovery phase and how you plan to, I guess, mass market price it? And if I’m not mistaken, this will all be included in digital IC, which according to the finish to the year was dilutive to your overall revenue growth. So how should we read into that? Is AI/machine learning simply just not impacting that line item yet?
Anirudh Devgan: Hi, Gary, great question. So first of all, I’m very optimistic about AI, and we always have talked about applying AI for optimization. I mean, in EDA or in chip design or system design, it’s more about automating the design process and producing better results. So even if you look at – the way I look at it, even if you get it right now, some of these chips have 100 billion transistors, right, on 1 inch by 1 inch. And if you look at by 2030, they will have 1 trillion transistors, okay? So just in terms of size, it will be 10x more. And then the chips are more complicated and then you add software on top of it. So the design complexity that our customers need to do will go up by at least 20, 30x in the next 5 to 7 years. So the only way to meet that is by more automation. That’s the history of our industry. And the best way to do more automation right now is using AI, okay? And of course, we have done other ways to do automation in our industry. We started by doing more higher level design, moving from transistor level to gate level. Over the last 5, 10 years, we have done a lot of massive virilism, running things on more CPUs, using cloud. But going forward, one of the biggest ways to improve productivity is using AI. And you see that across our product portfolio. And the real benefit is that a lot of the mundane tasks can be done by the repetitive tasks and mundane tasks can be done by AI, so the designer can move to more higher-value tasks, right? And so the way we approach it through is a very comprehensive – we build this JedAI data analytics because data is critical, too, as you know, to a data analytics and AI platform. And then we have multiple applications on top of it, okay? So Cerebrus is a key one for implementation. We also launched, a few months ago, Verisium for verification, which is another very difficult and all-consuming problem for our customers. And then we are not only focused on the chip side but also on the system side. So we have optimality, which is having great success on the system side. And typically, the system customers are not used to optimization or this level of automation that the chip industry has seen. But we are getting dramatic improvements with the optimality as well. So taken together, I believe that we have the most comprehensive AI portfolio. And we have always focused AI on optimization, which, of course, now called generative AI. And we have been working on it for 5 years. I think the products introduced were about 2 years ago. And even for Cerebrus, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, several leading companies like Intel, NVIDIA, Samsung, Renesas, they all talked about the results they are seeing. We have more than 160 designs that we are tracking on Cerebrus. And if you include Verisium and optimality, we have hundreds of designs being done by AI. And because I believe in the next few years, almost all designs will have some AI component. And that is driving the growth that you’re seeing in our business and the outlook.
Gary Mobley: Thank you for that, Anirudh. And a quick follow-up for John, backlog up again. Nice job on that, up 32% in the year, next 12-month backlog up 26% on the year. Was there a large deal or renewal that came into the fray in the fourth quarter? Or maybe you could just speak in terms of the diversity of that growth?
John Wall: Yes, Gary, great question. I mean, we had a really strong finish to the year. And as you know, I mean, contract timing typically impacts the cRPO in any one quarter. But if you look over a typical contract cycle, you’ll see that we’re particularly pleased with the 3-year CAGR on cRPO. It’s tracking to mid-teens growth now, and that’s very consistent to the mid-teens growth we achieved over the last 3 years to 2022 and the mid-teens growth that’s implied at the midpoint of our guidance for 2023.
Gary Mobley: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Anirudh, a wise man once said that silicon companies are becoming increasingly like systems companies, and systems companies are becoming increasingly like semiconductor companies. You alluded earlier to some of the additional opportunities that systems companies represent for you, for example, in CFD and so forth. In what other ways would you say that these two classes of customers do still remain different or different enough for you, even though they are becoming more alike and in ways that perhaps influence your – either your R&D or your go-to-market? And then the second question is if you could talk about where your R&D priorities go from here? The last number of years, you and, for that matter, Synopsys have significantly ramped up, for example, your investments in synthesis, verification, AI, you mentioned, of course. And from here, how are you thinking about the R&D priorities in areas like custom and CFD and of course, in AI?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Thanks, Jay. Very valid questions. And of course, great point that system companies are becoming semi companies and semi companies are becoming system companies. And like I said before, this is irreversible trend, okay? This is irreversible. And for us, we invest heavily in R&D, as you know. I mean, about 35% of our revenue is invested in R&D. That’s one of the highest percentages of any S&P 500 company. Just for your reference, you may know this already, we have 10,000 people in the company. 9,000 are engineers or computer scientists. Either they are in customer support roles or in R&D. And we always make sure that the core is good, okay, because the core has to be best-in-class. So whether that is synthesis, like you mentioned, place and route, circuit simulation, analog, verification, so that’s a given, making sure that the core is best in class. And then on top of that, there are certain thematic things that we are investing in. And then the three that I want to highlight, which is – which I think will be thematic for years to come. One is, of course, AI. AI will have a big effect on, like I mentioned, design work. And that’s true for both semi and system companies. Second is 3D-IC, the emergence of chiplets and heterogeneous integration, and Cadence is the best positioned to take advantage of this. And then the third area is this move to systems, system design and analysis and our engagement with system companies are similar, to a lot of extent, with semi companies. Everybody wants to do more with less now, so the benefits of AI and productivity and better results are there in both set of customers. But of course, our emerging portfolio and system design and analysis provides unique value to our system companies because we are no longer talking to the chip designers. We’re talking to the system designers, the architect, the coupling of the mechanical and the electrical designs uniquely positions us. This convergence is going to happen between system and semi, between electrical and mechanical. And there is no other company better positioned than Cadence to take advantage of this, okay? So overall, to answer your question, these are the three big themes on top of the base. See the base is always important, the best-in-class of the basic algorithms. But AI, 3D-IC and systems will be with us for years to come.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks, Anirudh.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Yes. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So on hardware verification, you guys have, sounds like, very good visibility to the first half of the year. I know the team still has some concerns on maybe more discretionary-type spending pullback here. But we’ve also talked about how these hardware platforms are becoming a need-to-have, right, not a nice-to-have but a need-to-have as it relates to these very complex digital SoC platforms. We’re well into the semiconductor industry downturn. I would have assumed that you would have already seen some cancellations in orders or pushouts in hardware shipments if customers were concerned. So has the team seen any of this type of activity? I’m just trying to figure out what’s driving the conservatism here on hardware.
Anirudh Devgan: Well, thanks for the question. This is Anirudh. I think you said it. I think what we see is the hardware is no longer – I know it could be part of CapEx, but it’s no longer discretionary spend for our customers. I mean, any chips that are designed today, any complex chips, you have to use these hardware platforms to verify them. And if you don’t verify them properly, then you spend all this money, the chips comes back and it doesn’t work. I mean, that’s a big no-no, right? It delays the whole product and the expense. So hardware platforms, both Palladium and Protium are no longer nice-to-have. You need to have them, okay? And then we have also strengthened our portfolio by not just chip verification but software bring-up. Chip verification has been traditional sense of Palladium. And now with bring us with Protium, we provide a unique. So, so far, the demand is strong. And we had a record year last year. These days, we have – I think we had the record year, year after that, too. But we see continued growth in hardware. And we are very pleased where our competitive position in hardware. We are very pleased with the demand as – it’s no longer nice to have. It is no longer discretionary. And also in multiple end markets, so what happened is like we talked about automotive, right? So automotive also has much higher complexity chips now. So the other thing with hardware is it is also expanding to other end markets, whereas traditionally, the big chips used to do it like data center chips. But now even automotive chips are almost networking. Almost all kinds of chips will require the use of these hardware systems. And we are very well positioned to take advantage of that.
Harlan Sur: Perfect. And then my follow-up, the team has done a great job on integrating machine learning-based methods as a part of your customer’s digital SoC design and verification Although different but nevertheless, still needing many iterations around many variables, is your custom cell and IT design and analog simulation and verification, seems like the team could take advantage of your ML frameworks and apply it to your custom and analog franchise. Is the team working on integrating ML into Virtuoso also and other parts of the analog and custom portfolio?
Anirudh Devgan: That’s a very good point. So I mean, like I mentioned, we have more than 30 projects in all aspects of AI. AI inherently is computational software, right. It’s computer science plus math, which is what we’re very good at. So you can assume that we are working throughout our design flow. And then we announce products in a more conservative way now. We want to make sure they are working with several customers, with different end markets and then we announce them. So last year, the year before, we talked about digital implementation. Last year, we talked about JedAI and verification. And I think this year, you will hear more from us in other parts of the business. The analog custom business is ripe for more automation and packaging PCB. So please stay tuned. But you can be rest assured, we are applying AI wherever it is possible and it is possible to apply it everywhere.
Harlan Sur: Okay, insightful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Vruwink from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joe Vruwink: Hi Anirudh. Hi everyone. I wanted to go back quickly to the current RPO topic. So, fourth quarter was very good, finished north of 25% growth. And then even if I appreciate that probably has some hardware in it, John, as you said, that the trend growth is closer to a mid-teens type number now. Can you just help reconcile that mid-teens growth with the implied outlook for recurring revenue? I think it would be more like 12% or 14% growth. It does seem like starting visibility to come from backlog is higher than usual. And so is there an implicit bookings assumption in 2023 that’s factoring into this, or those conservatism, like it applies to hardware also may be applied to software bookings entering the year?
John Wall: Great question, Joe. I mean as Gary mentioned earlier, that he was asking about the number of customers, was there any big customer, there wasn’t one big customer in Q4. We just had a very strong finish to the year. Very strong finish across all lines of business and particularly hardware was very strong as we closed out the year in terms of bookings. I think our hardware systems are just not discretionary spend. As Anirudh said earlier, they have become indispensable part of our customer spend on the R&D side, and people wanted to get their orders in before the end of the year. So, we have a lot of visibility into the next year. And as you know, cRPO, from a quarter-to-quarter basis, can be lumpy in nature. And I think like if you want to reconcile between where the growth in cRPO, say, for the last year is probably up closer to 20%. But if you look over 3 years, it’s mid-teens. And if you look over 3 years for our revenue CAGR, that’s mid-teens to ‘22, and we are guiding to mid-teens for ‘23. So, I think you can take out some of the noise by looking over a 3-year kind of average period.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. That’s helpful. And then I guess I will stay on the topic of AI. And obviously, Cadence is already using a lot of reinforcement learning and design flow and verification. I guess any thoughts on kind of the recent attention around large language models. You have started to see, I think some tinkering with like RTL code generation or maybe within certain aspects of verification. Does this maybe supplement what you are already doing, or does it have the potential to bring about entirely new products?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Good point. I mean one thing to mention is, we always look at all the kind of AI technologies. We have a pretty talented team. And like I mentioned, for us, the biggest application is simulation plus optimization, because you can generate much better results for the customers. So, we are using reinforcement learning and all kinds of other kind of ML techniques for a while now. And to give you an example, like some of the results we are seeing, the PPA can be improved by 10% to 15%, okay. That’s a lot of improvement. And typically, you see this improvement from – going from one node to the next, okay, spending billions of dollars, okay. You can get that from better kind of AI algorithms. Now, some of the language models, there could be other applications, especially with the interface of our tools for customer support. There could be applications. But the main customer-facing applications are when we give better results, better productivity, which we are already doing in multiple ways, as I mentioned, and we will continue to look at all possible ways to improve that.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Anirudh, when I look at the relative growth in your different segments, the System Design and Analysis seems to be the fastest-growing segment, obviously, off a lower base over the last 5 years. What do you think has driven that outperformance? And as you get bigger in that market, does the competitive landscape change? Can you continue to outgrow the market, or just how do you think about that particular aspect of your growth drivers?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Hi Vivek. I just want to pointed out first that all businesses are doing great. If you look at even our analog business, that’s grew 13%, okay. That was used to be a stable business a few years ago, okay. Digital business, 17%, okay. These are very remarkable numbers, okay. Verification business, 28%, okay. So, I mean just to put that in context to what was happening in EDA and chip design like 5 years ago to now, I mean this is a remarkable growth in our business, and at the same time, very good profitability. We have more than 40% operating margin. So, I think we focus on growth and profitability. And to come to your question on systems, I mean that had a very strong year with 27% growth. And that’s because our products are just better. And the customers want this integration like I mentioned, like Jay mentioned earlier, system companies and semi companies. So, I think this is, again, an irreversible trend. There is a need for power analysis, thermal analysis. When you look at 3D-IC, one of the biggest things I have mentioned before is thermal simulation. Cadence is in the best position to provide that. Electromagnetic simulations, our products will run like 10x, 20x faster and higher performance because of our computational software trend. So, I don’t see anything in the near-term that will change that. I mean this is going to continue, right. So, we are pretty confident where we are. And as you know, we are expanding to other areas using the expertise, whether it’s computational fluid dynamics or biosimulation. And I think this is another irreversible trend, the need of simulation. And the other thing that we are investing heavily in that space, which I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is AI and optimization. That area still, they could barely simulate things in that – you could barely simulate a wing or a car properly, right. Forget about optimization. But with optimality, not only we can simulate, we can put that in the inner loop of a reinforcement-based AI engine to give results automatically that, that space has not seen. So, I am actually very optimistic about AI-driven optimization in the system space because it’s entirely new to that set of customers, along with like regular simulation performance and capacity improvement. So, I think we are still a small part of the market, but growing rapidly. I think we crossed $400 million in revenue in that important segment. And I think there is a lot of room to grow there.
Vivek Arya: Understood. And for my follow-up, John, not complaining at all, but when I look at the implied incremental EBIT margin for this year, it seems somewhat lower than the average incremental margins that you have managed to achieve over the last few years. Just wanted to make sure we are not missing anything from a cost perspective that could restrain incremental EBIT leverage this year.
John Wall: That’s a great question, Vivek. I mean and thanks for pointing incremental margins. As you know, we focus very carefully on those. Over the last – I mean we are very pleased that I think 2022, I think was the sixth year in a row we achieved over 50% incremental margins. And the range that we have achieved over that period of time have ranged from 52%, I think to 58% incremental margin over the last 6 years. So, very, very pleased with that. And we are starting this year with slightly less in the guide. I think it’s 48.5% is what is implied in the guide. But that is the largest and strongest – the largest initial guide and the strongest start to any of the 7 years – of the last 7 years, right. So, very, very pleased to be in this position starting off the year. And as you know, throughout the year, we tried to find profitable and sustainable revenue growth to improve that through the year. And we have managed to achieve that 6 years running, feel confident about doing that for a seventh year.
Vivek Arya: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blair Abernethy from Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Blair Abernethy: Thanks very much and great quarter, guys. Just wanted to see if there is anything to update on the Future Facilities acquisition last summer. You have had it for a couple of quarters now. How is that trending? And are you seeing opportunities to cross-sell your other simulation software into that space?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Great point. I mean our , very excited about Future Facilities because I think that the way to differentiate in the system space is also through differentiated vertical offerings. because if you look at the simulation space, there are only few like kind of unknown algorithms. There is finite element, there is CFD and now we are doing molecular simulation. But there are a lot of end markets, okay. And the one way to even further differentiate CFD, one way we differentiate CFD is by our compute power, right, doing things bigger things and faster. But the other way to differentiate it is building a vertical kind of end market. And in CFD, one of the biggest thing is this data centers and smart buildings. So, with Future Facilities, not only the thermal simulation is good, the core CFD engines and we can couple it with the rest of the CFD products. But they also have built like a lot of models for like, if you go into a building or a data center, they have models for all the components, whether they are AC vents or AC systems and racks and all that. So, the customers can get very, very accurate digital twin for the data center. And that technology can be actually applied to any building, not just a data center. Now, we started with data center because that’s a big market. And as you know, they consume a lot of power. So, right now, data centers consume as much energy as like the whole airline industry, okay. So, that’s a lot of energy that they are consuming. And we have a lot of engagements that have picked up since we – because they are now in a bigger home with the whole Cadence reach. So, we have a lot of engagements which are picked up with the hyperscalers, and with other companies, even in other industries because a lot of companies have big data centers, whether they are internal or on the cloud. So, you will see more of that from us, and I am pretty optimistic about it. That’s why we made that acquisition of this verticalization of having these vertical solutions in the CFD space.
Blair Abernethy: That’s great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ruben Roy from Stifel Financial. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ruben Roy: Thank you. Anirudh, you got a bunch of questions on hardware, and I think Carlin’s question hit on most of the things that I wanted to ask about. But I guess one thing that stood out to me from your commentary was that the two-thirds of your, I think new orders in ‘22 were for both Palladium and Protium. And that was interesting to me because it seems like as we are moving to more SSD designs, more firmware and software on those designs, that that sort of selling Palladium and Protium together is likely to move up. So, I guess if you could just comment on that and how you are thinking about that as either TAM expansion or a revenue growth driver kind of longer term behind hardware would be interesting. Thank you.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, absolutely. Great point. I mean the thing with hardware, first of all, it’s in a secular growth trend like we mentioned, but it’s always good to have multiple products. And that’s why the addition of Palladium and Protium that are complementary, but address different parts, which both of them are growing, it also provides more predictable growth for our business. So, like even though we had a record year last year we still see growth this year and in the future because of this product mix, because software bring-up, I don’t need to tell you, most of the designs now are software-defined hardware design. Software is what is driving the requirements for the hardware design. So, initially, they actually start with the software model and that is run on Protium to figure out what kind of architecture to do. And then once you do the chip design, then Palladium comes in and then at the end, Protium comes in again. So, there is a lot of back and forth between software bring-up and chip design. And therefore, having a common compiler gives a unique value that you can move it seamlessly between the two platforms. But I also believe that just like our customers have different silicon platforms, we need to do that too, okay. So, Palladium, the reason it is well differentiated is we use our own Cadence silicon. We design it ourselves, built with one of our foundry partners. And that gives advantage in terms of compile time that is unmatched, right. But for software bring-up, FPGA is good. So, we use FPGA platforms, and then we have built a differentiated offering with Protium. And same thing on like our regular verification systems like Formal with Jasper and XLM logic simulation. We also offer multiple hardware platforms. Of course, x86, that has been traditional, but we have also ported all our software platforms, especially in verification to ARM-based systems because they can offer price performance. So, not only we have multiple products with Palladium and Protium, we are always looking at the right hardware to run them on. So, in case of Palladium, it’s a custom silicon. In case of Protium, it’s FPGA. And then in logic simulation and Formal, we look at both x86 and ARM, so to give a full variety of options to our customers.
Ruben Roy: Thanks for all that detail Anirudh. If I could just ask a quick follow-up for John, I don’t think you were asked on the pricing environment, John, and just watching the backlog move up again and kind of all the megatrends that you are talking about is understandable that things are going well. But I am just wondering, in light of the macro, etcetera, if – how you are thinking about pricing as in the context of the guidance that you have given for ‘23? Thank you.
John Wall: Thanks. The – yes, I mean we are very focused and disciplined on driving value for Cadence and for our customers. As like I said, on our hardware side, we don’t believe that’s very much on the software side too, that a lot of our customers spend with us is not really discretionary. It’s quite indispensable tools that they need from us. And everybody these days wants to focus on improving productivity, and all the tools we provide help our customers to drive that. So, I think we are in a sweet spot at the moment. So, we are disciplined on pricing. But the pricing that we are extracting for our tools has come from the increased value that our customers are getting from the use of our tools.
Ruben Roy: Makes sense. Thanks John.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. One thing to add to what John said, I think you know this already, but one thing to emphasize, like typically, when people move from one node to another, right, so we are at 5-nanometer, a lot of the design’s at 3-nanometer, then 2-nanometer, 1.4-nanometer, 1-nanometer. So, we have like 10 years of node migration ahead of us. So, any time you go from one node to the next node, the number of transistors effectively doubles in the chip. So, number of blocks effectively doubles and complexity doubles. So, for the same chip being done, it has more things in it so that normally requires more use of our software. So, that’s one thing just to emphasize to our investors is that whenever there is a node transition, and this is happening in the past, but this will continue to happen for next 10 years. So, that also requires more hardware capacity. That requires more simulators. That requires more place and route runs to be done. And of course, with AI, we can make that even more productive. So – and Moore’s Law is not slowing down for at least 10 years, okay. And on top of that, you add 3D-IC. That adds another 10 years of. So, we have a lot of sustained growth that the customers will build amazing products, and they need more and more of our software and hardware to do that.
Ruben Roy: Yes. Thanks Anirudh. I guess that’s where I was going with the question. I mean obviously, with Cerberus going – running on top of Innovus. And I am just kind of trying to think about how – it seems, and you guys have talked about this, greater portion of R&D budgets from both semiconductor and systems companies just going into kind of the suite of tools that you offer. So, anyway, thank you very much, and congrats on a great quarter.
Operator: Our final question will come from Andrew DeGasperi from Berenberg. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew DeGasperi: Thanks for taking my question. I guess first in terms of the analytics products that you mentioned, I was just wondering in terms of your customers, how steep of a learning curve is it for them to adopt us? And what is the kind of timeline that it typically takes from when you introduce it to them to when they are kind of using it in terms of their day-to-day processes?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, that’s a very good point. So, I think it’s something like Cerberus AI, our use model is very similar to what they are doing right now, okay. So, we don’t change any of the interfaces. And if they are used to running Innovus, then Cerberus will run on top of it, almost like a cockpit, but it will do those experiments that they were doing manually, they will do it in an automatic way. But the interfaces are similar. The commands they are used to running are similar. But instead of manually running and trying different things, Cerberus will do that automatically. So, typically, we have seen – that’s why you have seen a lot of kind of uptick to Cerberus and these AI-based tools because they don’t fundamentally require a new working model. It just takes away some of the mundane tasks that the customers were doing. And similar things are true for optimality, similar things are true for Verisium. There is always some learning gap, but it is, our customers are very smart users anyway, right. They are designing all these complex chips. So, this is nothing that they can’t pick up in a pretty quickly.
Andrew DeGasperi: Yes. That’s helpful. And then one question for John, in terms of the share repurchases, I think you bought 1 billion or so last year. This year, you are guiding for a bit below that. I was just wondering, what was the thinking behind that? Is it a function of investing in the R&D in terms of the different – the three different themes you mentioned earlier, or is it potentially for additional M&A that you are planning for the year?
John Wall: Yes. Andrew, our approach for capital allocation hasn’t changed and share repurchases, that effectively for this year again, we are expecting to use 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase shares. That’s the way we started last year, too. We have a number of repurchase programs. We have our baseline repurchase program. We had an accelerated share repurchase last year to offset dilution from the general stock refresh in the middle of year because we do merit in the middle of the year. But also, we have an opportunistic repurchase program that kicks in when certain price levels are met. And last year, that kicked in, in Q1, Q2 and Q4. So, we bought back shares when the prices were lower. We typically don’t guide to that right now, but we assume using at least 50% of free cash flow to repurchase shares. This year, if our opportunistic repurchase program kicks in, we will buy back more.
Andrew DeGasperi: Great. Thank you.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Anirudh Devgan for closing remarks.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It’s an exciting time for Cadence as we enter 2023 with strong business momentum and robust design activity offering tremendous market opportunities. Our exceptional execution of the Intelligent System Design strategy, customer-first mindset and a high-performance and inclusive culture are driving accelerating growth as we grow our core EDA business while expanding our portfolio with new innovative solutions. Fostering sustainable innovation is a top priority, and we are thrilled to have been included in the newly released 2023 top-rated ESG Company List, ranking number 18 out of over 1,000 companies in the software and services group. And on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers, partners and investors for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Aby, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Richard Gu, Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Richard Gu: Thank you, operator. I’d like to welcome everyone to our third quarter of fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call. I’m joined today by Anirudh Devgan, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call and a copy of today’s prepared remarks will be available on our website, cadence.com. Today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements, including our outlook on future business and operating results. Due to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today’s discussion. For information on factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q and today’s earnings release. All forward-looking statements during this call are based on estimates and information available to us as of today, and we disclaim any obligation to update them. In addition, we’ll present certain non-GAAP measures, which should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for GAAP results. Reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are included in today’s earnings release. Today’s earnings release for the third quarter of fiscal 2022, related financial tables and CFO commentary are also available on our website. For the Q&A session today, we would ask that you observe a limit of one question and one follow up. You may re-queue if you would like to ask additional questions and time permits. Now I’ll turn the call over to Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you, Richard. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. I’m pleased to report that Cadence delivered excellent results for Q3 driven by our technology leadership, strong execution, diversified customer base and resilient business model. We beat our Q3 guidance on all key metrics and are raising our financial outlook for the year yet again, to 19% year-over-year revenue growth and 40% operating margin. John will provide more details on our Q3 results and the updated outlook for the year. Notwithstanding the prevailing macroeconomic uncertainties, our thesis about generational drivers such as 5G, hyperscale computing and AI/ML driving robust design activity over the long term, remains intact. These secular trends are accelerating the digital transformation across several end markets, while the growing hyperconvergence across multiple domains, mechanical and electrical, hardware and software, and systems and semis is driving the strong need for continued innovation in compute, connectivity and storage. Customers are investing heavily to differentiate their next generation platforms, with system companies increasingly developing purpose-built silicon, and semiconductor companies benefiting from expanding silicon content. Our comprehensive offerings comprised of leading end-to-end EDA solutions, IP, hardware and expanding systems portfolio, uniquely position us to support our customers, while providing us with ample growth opportunities. In an environment of increasing design complexity, tighter time to market requirements and growing shortage of talent, sophisticated AI/ML solutions can greatly help to democratize chip and system development, while dramatically increasing productivity and quality of results. Customers deploying our game-changing AI-driven Cadence Cerebrus and Optimality solutions are realizing amazing results, and in Q3 we augmented our portfolio with the transformative Verisium AI verification platform, and the JedAI data platform. Verification continues to be the critical path in system time to market consuming the vast majority of resources, with debug being the largest component. Verisium provides a generational shift in verification, moving from a legacy single-run, single-engine approach, to algorithms that leverage big data and AI to optimize multiple runs across multiple engines, leading to a 10x boost in debug productivity. Several customers including Samsung and STMicroelectronics have observed impressive results with Verisium for automatically triaging and root causing bugs. JedAI is our revolutionary AI-driven, big data analytics platform, that is foundational to unifying our AI innovations across Cadence Cerebrus, Optimality and Verisium. JedAI operates on vast amounts of data, including all types of design, verification, analysis and methodology information, to facilitate smarter design optimization and enhanced productivity. In Q3, we significantly expanded our footprint with market shaping customers as they increasingly embraced our optimized platform offerings. We deepened our partnership with BAE Systems across our core EDA and systems portfolio, including proliferation of our digital full flow and analog products, and a broad expansion of our PCB and Multiphysics system analysis solutions. Additionally, in Q3 we strengthened our collaboration with Teradyne, which included a broad proliferation of our core EDA software across digital, analog and verification, as well as a significant expansion of our PCB and systems analysis business. Demand for our core EDA software remained strong and broad-based. Our digital business had another strong quarter, with 22% year-over-year growth, driven by key competitive wins and continued proliferation at market shaping customers. 13 new customers adopted our digital full flow in Q3. It’s been just over a year since we launched Cadence Cerebrus, and it’s fast becoming a linchpin technology for customers, as they derive incredible productivity and PPA results on a wide variety of their most advanced SoC designs. Several leading customers have major multi-design, multi-project production deployments underway and are reporting up to 30% improvement in quality of results and 30x productivity improvements. Additionally, we see accelerated growth in our front-end and signoff offerings, in part due to the Cadence Cerebrus pull-through effect. We launched the Certus Closure solution which dramatically accelerates complete design closure, by using an innovative hierarchical architecture, and a fully automated environment for concurrent full chip optimization and signoff. Using Certus, Renesas observed 6x faster chip-level signoff closure versus current methodologies, and Maxlinear experienced overnight full chip signoff closure, while realizing up to 5% of untapped power savings. Our Custom IC business continues to define the analog market with its bold vision, market leading technology and comprehensive portfolio. In Q3, it grew 12% year-over-year driven by our best-in-class Virtuoso platform and by strong growth in our Spectre simulation solutions. Now moving onto Functional Verification. In Q3, our business grew 31% year-over-year, led by hardware and Xcelium. Our Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 hardware platforms, providing industry leading system verification and software bring-up capabilities, added 3 new customers and had 20 repeat orders, including from high end mobile, AI and hyperscaler customers. Our IP business, led by our Star IP offerings at the most advanced nodes, continues to benefit from the ongoing IP outsourcing trend and from customers increasingly embracing IP reuse for risk reduction and faster time to market. During Q3 we signed our largest IP contract ever, with a marquee U.S. semiconductor company, and had a major expansion at a leading U.S. 5G company. Tensilica extended its leadership in the True Wireless Stereo market, while proliferating its functional safety and infotainment solutions with automotive companies. We also had multiple design IP wins across our leading PCIe, DDR and die-to-die portfolio. Our System Design & Analysis business is a key tenet of our growth strategy to leverage our computational software expertise and expand our TAM by growing in near adjacencies. This business continued its strong momentum, delivering 29% year-over-year growth, as we increased our footprint in several verticals including Aerospace & Defense and high-tech electronics. Our broad systems portfolio providing tightly integrated platform solutions across the design, simulation and analysis, is resonating strongly with customers as they increasingly choose a broader set of our solutions across these domains. In Q3, we broadened our collaboration with Emerson, a global industrial technology and software leader, as they significantly expanded their use of our Systems solutions, notably our PCB, AWR and systems analysis technologies. Fidelity CFD software, that was announced earlier this year, is ramping nicely and facilitating customers in verticals such as Aerospace, Marine and Turbomachinery to do design optimization, leading to efficiency improvements and meaningful reductions in emissions and energy consumption. And the addition of Future Facilities’ digital twin based thermal and power optimization technology, will further help data center customers to reduce their carbon footprint. Lastly, we completed the acquisition of OpenEye Scientific, a leader in the computational molecular design space. We are very excited to bring our system level simulation and AI/ML expertise to the life sciences market to help improve the speed and accuracy of biosimulations, thereby enhancing the efficiency and success rate of the drug discovery process. Integration of both our Future Facilities and OpenEye acquisitions is progressing well. In closing, Q3 was an outstanding quarter as we advanced our Intelligent System Design strategy and continued to closely collaborate with our customers on their next generation designs. We are managing our business with an intense focus on innovation and operational excellence to drive both revenue growth and margin expansion, and are very well positioned to capitalize on the massive opportunities ahead of us. Now, I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q3 results and our updated 2022 outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Anirudh, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report that we completed the acquisitions of OpenEye Scientific and Future Facilities in the third quarter of 2022. Cadence exceeded all key financial and operational metrics for the quarter. Here are some of the financial highlights from the third quarter. Total revenue was $903 million. GAAP operating margin was 29% and non-GAAP operating margin was 39%. GAAP EPS was $0.68 and non-GAAP EPS was $1.06. Operating cash flow was $317 million. • We used $150 million of cash to repurchase Cadence shares. At the end of the quarter, our cash balance totaled $1 billion while the principal value of our debt outstanding was $800 million. Before I provide our updated outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2022, I’d like to take a moment to share certain key assumptions embedded in our outlook. We expect the impact of the recent changes to U.S. trade restrictions on our business to be limited and manageable. The impact is included in our outlook. Our outlook also assumes that the export limitations that exist today remain substantially similar for the rest of the year. Embedding these assumptions into our outlook for fiscal 2022, we now expect revenue in the range of $3.532 billion to $3.552 billion, GAAP operating margin in the range of 29.7% to 30.7%, non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 39.7% to 40.7%, GAAP EPS in the range of $2.71 to $2.75, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $4.20 to $4.24, operating cash flow of approximately $1.20 billion to $1.26 billion, and we expect to use approximately $1.05 billion of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares in 2022. For Q4 we expect revenue in the range of $870 million to $890 million, GAAP operating margin of approximately 24%, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 35%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.50 to $0.54, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.89 to $0.93, and we expect to use approximately $300 million of cash to repurchase Cadence shares in Q4. Our CFO Commentary, which is available on our website, includes our outlook for additional items as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In summary, I’m pleased with our progress across all lines of business this year. At the midpoint of our outlook, our Q3 (sic) [3-year] revenue CAGR continues to increase, and I’d like to thank our Cadence team for their exceptional execution and financial discipline. At the mid-point of our outlook, we expect our annual non-GAAP operating margin to exceed 40% for the first time, which is especially pleasing. As always, I’d like to thank our customers, partners, and our employees for their continued support. And with that, operator, we’ll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jason Celino from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: Can you guys hear me?
John Wall: Yes, Jason. Go on.
Jason Celino: Okay. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Sorry to be straight to the point here, but China is on everybody’s minds. It was 50% growth in the quarter. To some extent, it was an easy comp, but is the largest revenue that you’ve seen in period. So I guess, where did you see the strength? And then how would you describe the linearity of that strength? Was it all throughout the quarter, or was it front-half loaded or back-half loaded? I’m curious. And then, I’ll have a follow-up.
John Wall: That’s a great question, Jason, and thanks for the opportunity to clarify. In Q2, you saw 13% of our revenue in Q2 came from China, and that jumped to 17% in Q3. Most of the increase -- the vast majority of that increase was a result of hardware sales in the quarter, hardware revenue that was recognized from deliveries into China during Q3. So, that uptick in China revenue is all from upfront revenue sources.
Jason Celino: Okay. Perfect. And then, I did notice that backlog was kind of sequentially down a smidge in the quarter. How much of that was due to the inclusion of some of these new restrictions? Thanks.
John Wall: Yes, another great question, Jason. Last quarter, I think it was 2.75 in terms of our current RPO, and that’s down to 2.7 now. That’s partly as a result of that hardware delivery into China. It also includes the -- this quarter, we’ve included the impact of the new U.S. export regulations. On backlog, in total, I think it went from 5.6 to 5.5. The current -- or the RPO piece that was slightly down more and we had an increase in IP. We signed our largest IP contract ever, and that’s in the non-cancelable commitment portion of our backlog.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Shi from Needham & Company.
Charles Shi: I really just want to go back to the China question, maybe not immediate Q4 or fiscal ‘22, but to try to look a little bit ahead. Among your kind of like mid-teens of the total revenue coming from China, I know you sell to China to various kinds of customers. You’ve got multinationals, you’ve got the large semiconductor companies, domestic, you’ve got AI startups, Chinese system companies. But across this wide spectrum of the different kind of customers in China, what kind of customer, the sales to the customer, could be the most impacted by the export control? And well, can you kind of quantify to us how much of the percentage of your revenue going to be impacted because of the latest round of export controls? And I have a follow-up to that.
John Wall: Charles, this is John. Yes, good point there. We did call out that the impact is limited. We believe the impact is limited and manageable. That’s not just for Q4, but for the foreseeable future going forward.
Charles Shi: Any thoughts on any specific type of customers that you may see the greater impact in China -- in your China market?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Hi Charles, this is Anirudh. So overall, China is a diversified customer base, and we have a lot of design activity in China. To think about Cadence is we participate in all kinds of designs, right, whether analog or digital or memory in different market segments. So overall, I feel that that will be intact. I think, there is some effect on local, like China foundries in the latest regulations, as you probably know. But overall, our business is very-diversified, not just in China but other geos, so. And therefore, we feel the impact is limited and manageable. And like what John said, not just for the remaining of the year, but also going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo.
Gary Mobley: I wanted to talk about perhaps the indirect impact from the China export restrictions and as well the general semiconductor market backdrop and the challenges this may present for companies like Cadence. So, you have some of your large customers who can’t ship product to China because of various export restrictions, one of which can’t ship $400 million worth of product because of these export restrictions. So to what extent, long term, might the R&D budgets of those types of companies be impacted? And related to that, the chip design activity as they can no longer sell to various and large end markets like China. And then related to the overall market backdrop, are you seeing any change in customer behavior with respect to the time it takes to get signed off on any large license deals?
Anirudh Devgan: Hi Gary. This is good point, especially the indirect effect and also overall macroeconomic uncertainties. And we are carefully monitoring the situation on both of these fronts. As you know, we are more on the design side than on the volume of shipments. So on the macroeconomic trends, of course, there’s a lot of news in the press, and we are carefully monitoring it. But right now, we see robust design activity. And as you know, we participate in all the market verticals. So even if some verticals may be weaker, on their shipment side, they will still do design. But then some verticals are still good on the shipment side as well. So with this combination of us being on the design side and then us being very diversified across multiple verticals, right now, we still see very robust design activity. And that’s reflected in the results that we are reporting today, right, and our outlook for rest of the year. Now on the indirect effect on China, that’s to be observed also. But again, we are pretty diversified. And then yes, there’s always some effect on some of our customers. But again, we are pretty diversified. And then -- so we, right now, feel that that’s manageable, but we will carefully monitor that going forward.
Gary Mobley: So, I wanted to switch topics to your JedAI-based AI machine learning tools, including Cerebrus and some of the others you recently announced. I know you’re in the early days of price discovery and introducing those products to market. What has been the feedback as it relates to “price discovery”? And related to that, how deeply you may be seeing penetration at some of your early days customers there.
Anirudh Devgan: That’s a great point. And we are super excited about this new AI-based solution. Because like I mentioned earlier, this is a great opportunity for EDA to add more value to our customers. Because if you look at historically, EDA has always been like -- has done -- we have done a lot of great productivity improvements for our customers, but it has always been like a single-run environment, right? You run our tool one time, and then the multiple runs have been managed by the customers. Typically, when you do the design, you’re not running our tools one time, you’re running it multiple times. So with these data analytics and AI, we can really offer solutions in this multi-run environment. And so AI is a key part of that. But in a multi-run environment, you also have to manage the data because AI tools run on top of all the data that is generated. And we are very proud of this new JedAI platform. It’s a new data analytics platform to capture all kinds of data in the design process. And that unifies our solutions across this space. And then we have 3, like, big apps on top of JedAI, on top of this data analytics. So one you already know, like Cadence Cerebrus, which was launched last year; Optimality, which is on the system space using some of the similar technologies as Cerebrus but applied to system simulation; and now Verisium in verification, which, by the way, verification, as you know, is one of the most time-consuming parts of the design flow and also the one that generates the most data. Logic simulation, hardware verification generates the most amount of data in EDA. So, that’s why it was critical to have JedAI to unify all these things, but also get ready for more data like in verification. And the adoption has been actually surprisingly good. And all the big customers are engaged. You see in Verisium, we have endorsement from several big customers. We talked about Cerebrus last time. So, at this point, all the major customers really do want to deploy these solutions. And like I mentioned in the script, not just for one or two designs, we are seeing broader and broader adoption, and we are very happy with the progress so far.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Anirudh, for you first, when you look back at the last one or two years, how would you rank the contribution to your bookings growth and/or share gain in what we define as core EDA from the various products that go under your us and nomenclature? I assume Innovus has been part of that given the size. But when you look at some of the various other sign-offs and other tools that you’ve introduced under that nomenclature, again, how would you rank the new momentum or incremental contribution from those and perhaps even look out ahead over the next one to two years in that respect? Secondly, for you, John, what has been your experience to date in terms of the predictability of your IP business? This is not a China-specific question but feel free to talk about China, specifically in terms of the increasingly material upfront component that we’ve seen for IP rev rec as well as for your services engagements related to IT. Thank you.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Hi Jay, that’s a good question. And actually, I’m very pleased with our strength of portfolio in core EDA. And as you know, we have been doing increasingly well over the last couple of years. And I can say that Cadence -- core EDA portfolio is strong as it has ever been. And we want to apply our expertise in computational software to new areas like system analysis and system design and analysis, but it’s super critical to maintain the leadership in the core because core always comes first. And then we take those expertise and apply to new areas like systems. So, we are always focused on the core first. And core parts are, let’s say, three big areas, right, in core EDA, digital, analog and verification at a high level. And I feel that we have a very strong portfolio now. In terms of contributions of growth, in analog, we were always strong, and I think there were some areas to improve in Spectre Simulation, which have been fixed over the last two years. So I think analog is more steady. And you can see even this quarter, it grew a healthy 12%. But a lot of the growth has come from digital and not just Innovus, which is placed in route, but also now with synthesis and sign-off and Cerebrus. So, I would say the digital is growing very well also in terms of strengthening the position in the market. And then, I’m especially pleased with verification. Now verification, there is systemic growth drivers that is helping hardware, but I think that some of it is strength of our portfolio, and some of it is hardware becomes more critical to the design portfolio. But in verification, I’m actually also pleased with Verisium, our logic simulator. I think that’s doing really well in this year and over the last couple of years. And that completes our overall verification platform because we are now strong in hardware with Palladium and Protium. And then Jasper, we have always been the leading solution in formal verification. And with the strength of Xcelium, it completes our verification platform. So, I would say the growth in core EDA is driven by digital, number one; verification, close second; and then maintaining and strengthening our position in analog.
John Wall: In relation to your IP question and particularly the predictability of IP revenue, our focus remains on profitable growth through differentiated Star IP that’s highly reusable and easier to scale. And I’ve been very pleased with the discipline from the management team that run that business for us and their ability to target more profitable and sustainable revenue growth. That’s what we ask for. We always ask them to run IP like it’s our family business, sign us up to business that you’d want to do if this was your family business, not just a public company. But -- and of course, with IP in amongst that profitable, sustainable, regular recurring revenue, there’s also some upfront components to IP that can have more variability. Naturally, we’re cautious on that going forward, but we’ll have to look at the macroeconomic environment on the impact of that for next year, but we see a lot of upfront revenue this year in our numbers. I think upfront revenue for 2022 is on track to be almost 50% growth year-over-year. That sets up some pretty tough comps for next year. So we’ll look at that carefully. Now most of that’s coming on the hardware side. But when I look at all of the business, all the businesses across Cadence, they’re all on track to go by low-teens or more growth this year. And like I said, very, very pleased with the predictability of the IP business, particularly because they focused on profitable and sustainable revenue growth for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: I wanted to ask the China question in a different way. How much of your 17% of sales to China were to customers that were involved in or would eventually be involved in sub 14-nanometer logic design or leading edge NAND or DRAM? I guess, it’s just not intuitive that leading-edge design is not possible without your tools. China just got restricted from doing leading edge, yet you’re not seeing the restriction in any ways. It’s just not intuitive to me at all.
John Wall: Hi, Vivek. I mean, we’ve taken the necessary steps to be in full compliance with the new export regulations, and our guidance includes the full impact. But we haven’t broken out how much of our China revenue is sub 14-nanometer, but we do believe the impact to the Company is limited and manageable.
Vivek Arya: But is that a near-term view, John, in that? Is it because you are more involved in analog? Is it because you are in two- or three-year contracts, or is it because you think that there is other revenue sources outside of China that can help you kind of offset that deficit?
John Wall: Well, we also feel it’s limited in the management going forward. Again, I mean, we’re applying these rules. These new U.S. export restrictions, we’ve applied them. We’ve included the impact in our guide. We believe it’s limited. And like I say, manageable from an R&D perspective, and we have to look at some resources and maybe redeploy some of those resources.
Vivek Arya: Okay. And for my follow-up, I’m curious what happens if semiconductor sales go down 10% or 15% next year? What happens to the budget for EDA? Like even if you don’t decline, is it possible that the growth rate slows down from the mid-teens, or I guess asked in a different way, under what scenario would Cadence’s growth rate slow down next year?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Hi. This is Anirudh. First of all, I think you know already, I just want to remind you that we believe our business is more resilient. But, of course, we are not immune to macroeconomic situation, right? So, it will depend on -- at a high level, it will depend on if there is a recession, how severe the recession is, right? Is it a mild recession or it’s like a very, very severe recession? So, if it’s a very, very severe recession, then, of course, nobody is immune to it. But in general, from our kind of business, I think there are three factors that makes it more resilient. So one, as you know, we are essential part of the design process. So, we are not tied directly to volume or shipment modes to design activity and then design activities there, both in the semi companies and, of course, the system companies, and we are also expanding our portfolio into systems. So, I think first part is we are more essential and tied to R&D. Second part, as you know, we are very ratable. Most of our revenue is ratable. And third part is we are very diversified in multiple geographies and verticals. So that gives us more resiliency than other companies in this environment. But of course, like I said, we are not immune to it, especially if there’s a very severe kind of correction. And so, we are carefully monitoring that. And I think when we talk to you next time in January, we’ll have more information on the macro situation and can provide more color for next year.
John Wall: Yes. And the macro will really impact upfront more. I mean, we have very resilient, robust stream of recurring revenue. I think that’s what Jay was getting at in his earlier question about the predictability of the IP business. I feel very confident in the IP business because we’ve been focused on profitable and sustainable revenue growth there, but we’ve had a really strong hardware revenue year this year. And I don’t know myself, if there’s a severe downturn in macroeconomic conditions, IT budgets are one of the first things that you look at in terms of do you need to purchase hardware and capital equipment and things like that. And that could impact us on the upfront side.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harlan Sur with JP Morgan.
Harlan Sur: Maybe as a follow-up to the last question. So your functional verification portfolio, which includes hardware simulation and prototyping, right, that’s up 25% through the first nine months of this year, very strong growth. But if I think about a weaker semi industry next year and think about where the risk would be, you talked about some of the upfront portion of your revenues, and I think about hardware emulation and prototyping platforms. But then on the flip side, we continue to hear that design verification and early software development continue to be very significant bottlenecks in these next-generation digital SoC chip design, so actually very critical to your customers’ overall design process. Do you guys agree with this? And given your pipeline visibility, backlog, do you see your hardware emulation and prototyping pipeline, at least as you’re looking at it now remaining relatively strong into next year?
John Wall: So from a backlog perspective, we probably have six months of hardware revenue in backlog. But any kind of increased issues on the macroeconomic front will probably slow down hardware purchasing going forward. We’ll need another few months to assess what the climates like there. But hardware is really a pipeline business. You get about 3 or 6 months kind of visibility into what that pipeline looks like. The -- so again, I think on the hardware side, it’s been a phenomenal year. The functional verification group has had a tremendous year this year. We’ll be lapping some tough comps next year, but we need a few more months to assess before we can guide anything to next year.
Anirudh Devgan: But in general, your thesis is correct. I mean hardware almost become indispensable to the design of chips and electronic systems. So without these emulation and prototyping platforms, it’s almost impossible to design that. And as the chips get bigger, as you go to near nodes, the chips, in terms of -- they get bigger in terms of number of gates, right, so the next node always has more gate than the previous node, even if the chip size is the same as you know. So, as the chip number of gates gets larger, it requires more and more verification and emulation. So overall, I think there is a systemic kind of support of how much emulation and verification needs to be done. So it just depends on how that overall baseline growth required gets affected by any large macroeconomic shift. But in general, these hardware platforms are almost indispensable now as you do design and almost all our big customers are relying on them. Yes.
John Wall: And from a business perspective, I mean we’re building out our cloud infrastructure to be able to provide that hardware in the cloud. So that changes spend for emulation capacity from being capital spend to expense spending. Now from a revenue standpoint, though, emulation capacity that’s used in the cloud, we would have to recognize that revenue ratably. But we do have a business solution if there is cutbacks on CapEx spending.
Harlan Sur: I appreciate that. And maybe just a longer-term question because we’re hearing more and more about this. But on the move to 800 gig and higher optical space in the data center, this is driving a pretty strong focus on more integrated silicon photonics-based solutions, either optical module based or co-package electrooptical. Intel, Marvell, Broadcom, NVIDIA, Cisco, all of some of your big customers are all working on for thoughtful solutions. I know you guys have a pretty strong portfolio here. You’ve got also Photonics, I think you’ve got some of your advanced packaging and module design solutions, thermal and power modeling solutions as well, and you guys also have pretty strong partnerships with some of the manufacturing guys. How do you guys see this market opportunity unfolding for the team over the next few years?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. That’s a great point. I mean, Photonics is big, and then you also touched on package-level integration. So I mean, these things again play to the -- we are in a good position there based to the strength of Cadence. A lot of these things are done in Virtuoso platform, which is the flagship platform, and then also Allegro, which is, again, a flagship platform for advanced packaging. And then over the last four years, we have built all these analysis tools, like Clarity and Celsius for electromagnetics and thermal which are critical for photonics and 3D-IC. So, we have a pretty broad solution. And that’s the other exciting part is there are multiple vectors of growth that are possible with Cadence. And this is definitely a very exciting area, as you know. So, we are working with all the -- because of our position in Virtuoso and Allegro and the new analysis tools, we are working in this very important market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gal Munda with Wolfe Research.
Gal Munda: Maybe the first one, John, for you. When I think about the guide heading into Q4, especially around the OpEx, it was implied to get to that level of profitability. Is there anything accelerated, anything that we need to kind of factor in that in terms of the hiring or on cost side, or do you think, I think incremental margins implied is kind of low-30s to get you to that number? Is it more conservative? How would you kind of assess that part of the guide?
John Wall: Yes. Sure. Good question, Gal. But on the operating expense side, of course, it includes a full quarter now of expense for OpenEye Scientific and Future Facilities, plus incremental hiring that we did during Q3 and intend to do again in Q4. But you get the full bow wave effect of any hiring in Q3, the full quarter of that expense in Q4. Also, on the bookings front, we’ve had seen substantial increase in bookings compared to our forecast this year, that sales have been very, very good. And so, there will be increased commission costs embedded into that Q4 guide as well.
Vivek Arya: Okay. That’s helpful. As a follow-up, obviously, hardware has done really well this year. But if you think about back when you introduced it Q4 the guide for the year and then this is the third race in a row, what -- look back nine months, what is the thing that surprised you most? Was it the hardware itself, how strong it’s been this year, or has there been anything else that’s allowed you to keep raising the guide on the top line throughout the year?
John Wall: I’ve been very, very pleased with the performance of all the businesses. Like I said, every single one of our businesses is performing exceptionally well. The lowest performing business is showing teen growth year-over-year. Absolutely tremendous. Now, what I wasn’t expecting was upfront revenue to grow by almost 50% over 2021. I don’t think any of us would ever have predicted that. But you’re seeing a lot of that upfront revenue coming through from hardware. It’s the popularity of our emulation systems has just been off the charts. And long may it continue, but it’s is very hard to determine how long that will continue for. We do have substantial backlog already and a long lead time, and we’re making those systems as fast as we possibly can. I think if you have a look at the inventory, we’ve less than $10 million of finished goods there. The vast majority of that is already out on demonstration with customers. But -- so there is a triage situation that goes on every system that comes off the production line. There’s a plan for getting that out to a customer as quickly as possible.
Operator: Your next question comes from Johnny Conti from Deutsche Bank Securities.
Johnny Conti: Congratulation delivering another great quarter. Now, given the strong clear performance that you’ve had in system design analysis and JedAI and Cerebrus, could you perhaps give some color on how your customers are reacting to budgetary decisions regarding spend in this category given the current economic climate? Are you seeing customers stickiness similar to that EDA consumption, or is this bucket of software spend more volatile down there? I’d imagine companies, particularly for this bucket and more defensive, generally speaking. I’ll ask a follow-up after. Thank you.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Hi. This is Anirudh. So I mean, it’s a good question. The real -- like I mentioned, we are pleased with the adoption of these AI-based solutions because I think it can provide more automation than what EDA tools have done in the past. And to some extent, they are also deflationary. We have opportunity, I think, for the entire industry to move more of the work from people to automation, from people to tools. And this is possible because with JedAI and then Cerebrus Optimality and Verisium, a lot of the lower-level tasks which were very mundane can be automated, and the designer can focus on more value-add, higher tasks. And that’s the theme of our kind of AI-based solution is we move the mundane work, make the designer focus on higher value work, help in terms of you need the same resources, can you do more work? And that theme is very popular, and I’ve met all these CEOs over the last three to six months. And that’s even popular in a tough environment because there’s need for more automation. And it’s even more -- so this is actually very timely, the launch of AI-based solutions, launch of Cerebrus, because the productivity of the organization goes up and also productivity of its talent because a lot of companies, one big issue is they have large teams, which are deployed across multiple countries or locations. And the question always is, are you getting enough value from all the locations? And something like Cerebrus or AI-based solution naturally uplifts the talent of your whole organization because these algorithms are the same, whether they run in one part of the world or the other. So, I think the AI-based solutions, this is very timely and appropriate in this kind of tough environment. And I think we have a very good platform with JedAI and then we have three major solutions on top of it. And we will do more. I mean you’ll see more from us next year in this area. So, we are very pleased with the progress, and I think it’s very timely to the situation we are in, the macro situation.
Johnny Conti: Right. Thanks. Just could you shed some color on whether there have been any changes to the backlog growth pipeline conversion and lengthening of sales cycles, given all of what’s happening in software? And are your expectations unchanged to that report in Q2 whereas -- half of the backlog is expected to flow in revenues over the next 12 months. Maybe any commentary here on sort of economic impacts for next year will be fantastic. I’m just trying to understand if there’s any material changes to your backlog to pipeline conversion in how you’re looking at it compared to three months ago. And yes, any kind of color, that would be great.
John Wall: Fair point, Johnny, that when I look at the current RPO, I’m -- despite the fact that it’s slightly down from Q2 to Q3, but slightly down, including the impact of the latest U.S. export restrictions, but also including the fact that we ship more hardware into China in Q3. The -- I feel very, very confident in the current RPO and the RPO and very, very pleased with the growth that we’ve seen there. But typically -- I know you’ve just started covering us. But typically what we tend to see is about 55% of what we have in backlog turns up in revenue in the next 12 months. But -- and generally, Q4 is a good kind of add-on quarter for us for growing that current RPO. So, I feel very pleased in terms of where we are. Annual value is about $2.7 billion now off of a backlog -- total backlog of $5.5 billion. The annual value is $2.7 billion, $5.5 billion represents time, but $2.7 billion is the annual value there. And I would anticipate that, that should grow through to the end of the year and set us up well for next year for our recurring revenue. But the upfront revenue is a lot more difficult to predict because it tends to be more lumpy.
Johnny Conti: Right. That’s very fair. Yes. It’s interesting to see how much upfront revenue is actually generated this year. Yes. Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Vruwink from Baird & Company.
Joe Vruwink: I wanted to go back to the IT topic and specifically ask about the record award. If I look at your non-cancelable access arrangements, it looks like that value went from $171 million to $434 million. Is that primarily reflecting this award? And then, is there anything unusual, or is this a normal term length, so kind of reading between the lines, this big step-up in kind of what’s visible in backlog, we should see that kind of hitting revenue next year?
John Wall: Yes. Joe, that record contract in IP is included in our non-cancelable commitments in our number in our backlog. We’re delighted with the performance of the IP team and how well they’re doing. What’s interesting, what I always find is kind of not intuitive when you look at Cadence’s results is that sometimes in the biggest bookings quarters, you may not have a great increase in your current RPO for that particular business. So, I find when you have big renewals coming around, we tend to play defense on the renewal and then leave room for add-on opportunities later. But so often you can have a big bookings quarter may not generate a huge amount of growth in current RPO. And then, in contrast, you might have lower bookings quarters where there’s a lot of add-on opportunities get booked in those quarters, and that can increase your current RPO and drive growth for the Company. But in this particular case, it’s a record contract. So you’re trying to play more defense on something like that. So you haven’t seen a huge uptick in current RPO for IP this quarter, but I think that will come later.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. That is helpful. And then, I appreciate you’re not guiding to next year, but there has been some conversation just around how good upfront deliveries have been this year, and obviously, that creates a tough comp. I wanted to take the other component and just focus on recurring revenue. And John, I think in the past, you kind of framed recurring revenue on a 3-year CAGR basis. Last quarter, the number was, I think, 12% to 13%. And then you mentioned how you thought that rate of growth was sustainable going forward. Just a quarter later, some things have changed, but given the visibility you have in hand today, any difference that you would comment on kind of 12, 13 or some other rates on a kind of 3-year CAGR basis as it just pertains to recurring revenue?
John Wall: Great question, Joe. I think I would characterize my opinion on our recurring revenue. I’m more confident now post the -- now that we know what the U.S. export restrictions are. I think I’m more confident in our recurring revenue going forward now than I was this time last quarter. I think the challenge from a macroeconomic standpoint is how the -- what the macro climate does to our upfront business for next year. I mean that’s the toughest one to predict. That’s why we need an extra few months just to figure out what that means for next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blair Abernethy from Rosenblatt Securities.
Blair Abernethy: Hi. Nice quarter, guys. And thanks for sliding me in the questions here. I just wanted to talk a little bit about the Cadence on cloud and in particular, the Palladium Cloud. Can you just walk us through sort of how you’re looking at this cloud-based emulation? How -- as a customer coming to you having to make a decision between an on-prem hardware solution versus Palladium Cloud, just walk us through that a little bit and maybe how are you thinking about how you’re approaching pricing?
Anirudh Devgan: Hi Blair, this is Anirudh. Thanks for asking this question. That’s a very important point. So in general, we really like these cloud offerings, especially for hardware. Because even if you think about in the regular cloud, right, with the CPU cloud by the big cloud vendors, what they’re doing is they’re amortizing hardware across multiple customers and moving from a -- more from a CapEx to OpEx model. So, the cloud model has been successful in hardware first, right? And then you build all kinds of software solutions on top. So, this is the same hope for our Palladium business. We would want more and more customers to go to our cloud offering because that also makes the hardware business more and more ratable and also gives a lot of flexibility to our customers because one of the issues with Palladium and Protium being even more popular than they are now is that sometimes the smaller companies are not able to deploy as much as some of the big companies because there is the upfront cost to get like a full Palladium rack. Whereas if you have them on the cloud, it gives access to a lot of small companies also to use hardware emulation as they’re doing more and more complicated designs. And then the second reason, of course, it makes it more and more ratable. So, we prefer -- we encourage all our customers to move to the cloud. And we have built infrastructure in data centers together with some big data center partners to have this capacity in the cloud. So now it depends on customer choice, right? Now if the customer wants to buy more for in-house use, then of course, we support that. But I think I feel customers are becoming more and more flexible in terms of whether they want to deploy on-prem or on the cloud, I mean, the hardware that they buy from us. And like what John was saying earlier, in this kind of tough environment, if they want to reduce CapEx and use more OpEx, then Palladium Cloud gives that opportunity, okay? So I mean, this is something we have been building for several years, and we’ll see how it goes. But in general, we want to encourage all our customers to move to the hardware cloud. On the -- on cloud, which is on the software piece, I think like we talked about in the last earnings call, that’s also great for start-ups and also for system companies that don’t have big IP department -- I mean, IT departments and data centers. So, we really feel that on cloud, that’s why we started first with system products from Cadence. It’s suitable for -- because system companies, there could be like 50,000, 70,000 customers in that space. And then some of them are big, of course, and have their own data centers, but a lot of them are not as big and they prefer this kind of cloud. And it also helps us go to the long tail in a much more smarter way. We want to innovate not just on the product side but go-to-market side. So especially innovating on the system side, the long tail on cloud is great. And Palladium and Protium Cloud are even good for the EDA big customers because it gives more ratability and flexibility and choices on how they buy hardware. So overall, I think these are two very strategic areas for us. And we want to encourage our customers to use more and more of these cloud offerings.
Operator: Our final question comes from Ruben Roy from Stifel Nicholas.
Ruben Roy: Anirudh, I think you have answered just about every question there was. But I wanted to maybe drill into the new customers on the digital design flow. Can you maybe talk a little bit about what type of customers you’re seeing? Is that competitive displacements for traditional semiconductor companies or nontraditional, combination of both? And then, I guess, attached to that, are you seeing a higher attach rate in either semiconductor companies or systems companies for hardware these days as you sign up these new deals on digital design? Thanks.
Anirudh Devgan: Hi Ruben, great points. So in general, in terms of the digital business, I think it’s both, new customers and existing customers and taking share. In general, I think what’s great about Cerebrus, one is, like I mentioned earlier, it does more automation of mundane task. It’s almost like having automatic driving versus manual driving, right? You don’t have to control all the knobs and all the tedious works. The tool does it for you. But it also unifies the platform. We’ve been talking about unified synthesis placement and sign off from, I don’t know, 2014 or 2015. But I think Cerebrus naturally unifies the whole platform, too, because it can work across the whole synthesis, place and route and sign off. So like I mentioned in my comments, there is a pull-through of synthesis and signoff, along with place and route through Cerebrus, and we are seeing that. So, we are pleased with the progress we are making in synthesis and signoff, along with place and route implementation. And then it does help in terms of full flow. So this drives like full flow wins, right, not just place and route. So, I think in 2022, we have more than 40 new full flow wins. So that’s helping our digital business. And you see this quarter we had good growth in digital, just like we had last quarter. Now, on the hardware side, I mean, that attach rate is there in the large kind of semi companies. But also there’s a lot of hardware being used as system companies design semiconductors because by nature, as you know, system companies have more software, right? That’s why they are a system company. So, when you have software, you naturally need these hardware platform for software bring-up. So I think, we are very pleased to see the growth of hardware, not just in the traditional large semi, but also in the large system companies. And then, we try to do these new offerings, like I talked about, cloud to help to lower barrier to entry for smaller companies, whether they’re system or semi for hardware. So overall, I think we are pleased with the progress of both digital and hardware, and we just carefully monitor it going forward.
Operator: I will now turn it back to Anirudh Devgan for closing remarks.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We are excited about our business momentum and the tremendous market opportunities ahead of us. We are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture we have built at Cadence, and we are grateful for the recognitions we have received over the years, including most recently being named as one of the world’s best workplaces for seventh time by Fortune and Great Place to Work. We are also honored to be included in the Investor’s Business Daily’s 100 Best ESG Companies for 2022, the fourth year in a row that we have achieved this recognition. On behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers, partners and investors for your continued trust and confidence in Cadence. We look forward to speaking with you again on our Q4 2022 earnings call. Thank you, and have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Good afternoon. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakersâ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Richard Gu, Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Richard Gu: Thank you, operator. I would like to welcome everyone to our second quarter of fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call. I'm joined today by Anirudh Devgan, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Wall, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call and a copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on our website, cadence.com. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements, including our outlook on future business and operating results. Due to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today's discussion. For information on factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q and today's earnings release. All forward-looking statements during this call are based on estimates and information available to us as of today, and we disclaim any obligation to update them. In addition, we will present certain non-GAAP measures, which should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for GAAP results. Reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. Today's earnings release for the second quarter of fiscal 2022, related financial tables and CFO commentary are also available on our website. For the Q&A session today, we would ask that you observe a limit of one question and one follow up. You may re-queue if you would like to ask additional questions and time permits. Now I'll turn the call over to Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan : Thank you, Richard. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Cadence delivered outstanding financial results for the second quarter, with accelerating broad-based demand for our innovative solutions driving double-digit growth across all our business groups. We beat our guidance on all key metrics and are significantly raising our financial outlook for the year, resulting in 17% year-over-year revenue growth as well as exceeding the Rule of 55. John will provide the details in a moment on both our Q2 results and the updated outlook for the year. Generational trends such as 5G, hyperscale computing and autonomous vehicles underpinned by AI/ML and data analytics are accelerating the digital transformation across multiple industries. Notwithstanding the macroeconomic uncertainties, our customers continue relentlessly investing in their next-generation innovation, with semiconductor companies benefiting from increasing silicon content and system companies investing in building custom silicon. These exciting trends are fueling robust design activity and driving a strong secular tailwind for end-to-end core EDA, IP and expanding systems portfolio. In Q2, we significantly accelerated our Intelligent System Design growth strategy through the introduction of 5 new innovative products as well as through the transformative OpenEye Scientific and Future Facilities acquisitions that expand our TAM and position us well for future growth. This morning, we announced our intent to acquire OpenEye Scientific, a leader in computational molecular design space. Over the past few years, we have successfully extended our multi-decade chip level simulation expertise to the system level, first, to finite element analysis and, more recently, to computational fluid dynamics. With OpenEye, we are now expanding into molecular modeling and simulation, an emerging area of growing interest as pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies accelerate their emphasis on software solutions for drug discovery. The acquisition will allow us to leverage our solver and AI/ML leadership, along with large data management infrastructure, to significantly enhance the speed and accuracy of biosimulation. This will drive disruptive innovation in the life science market through increasing the efficiency and success rate of traditionally long and complex drug discovery process. Additionally, OpenEye market-leading cloud-native SaaS platform can capitalize on our cloud expertise, thereby benefiting highly computationally intensive biosimulations. OpenEye's scientifically proven innovative solutions are used by 19 of the top 20 pharma companies, including Pfizer and AstraZeneca, as well as leading biotech firms, and we excitedly look forward to Dr. Anthony Nichols and the OpenEye team with a deep science expertise and rich domain knowledge joining Cadence. During the quarter we also acquired Future Facilities, a pioneer in the datacenter digital twin space, that expands our CFD portfolio and extends it to datacenters. In addition to electronics cooling analysis, Future Facilitiesâ innovative solutions enable customers such as HP Enterprise, Digital Realty and Equinix to optimize thermal and power efficiencies in the datacenter using physics-based 3D digital twins, thereby helping reduce their carbon footprint. We are excited to welcome Hassan Moezzi and his talented team to Cadence. Now moving on to Q2 product and customer highlights. A key element of our approach has been to partner closely with market-shaping customers and win their confidence by providing leadership platform solution based on best-in-class engine. In Q2, we deepened our long-standing partnership with Samsung to a wide-ranging expansion of our core EDA system software and hardware solutions. And we are excited to have extended our collaboration with AMD to a far-reaching commitment to our innovative core EDA, hardware, design IP and system software solutions. Demand for our core EDA software remains strong and broad-based. Our digital business had another strong quarter, with 14% year-over-year growth fueled by key competitive displacement as well as significant expansion at several market-shaping customers. Adoption of our digital full flow, delivering industry's leading quality of results at the most advanced nodes, continue to accelerate with close to 25 new wins in the first half of the year. Our innovative, automated and scalable Cadence Cerebrus solution with this unique self-learning capabilities allow users to explore the entire design space and intelligently optimize the digital full flow to meet the aggressive PPA, schedule and productivity goals. Cadence Cerebrus continues to see accelerating proliferation, especially with market-shaping customers as they realized transformative results across a broad range of complex production designs and getting as much as 30% reduction in leakage power and up to 30x productivity improvement for design tasks ranging from Design Technology Co-Optimization, automated floor plan implementation and final PPA push. At our recent CadenceLIVE Silicon Valley User Conference,  (ph) customers, including Intel, NVIDIA, Broadcom, Samsung and Renesas, presented their remarkable successes using Cadence Cerebrus. Functional verification is becoming a key differentiator as we enable our customers to improve system quality and speed up their time to market. In Q2, our business grew 13% year-over-year led by strong growth in hardware and Jasper. Strong secular demand for our industry-leading Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 platforms, especially from hyperscale, AI/ML and server customers, led to our best Q2 ever for hardware. With 10 new customers and nearly 50 repeat orders, more than 2/3 of the orders during the quarter included both the platforms. Our IP business had a very strong quarter, growing 30% year-over-year as the continuing IP outsourcing trend drove strong design and foundry activity for our star IP, especially at the most advanced nodes. Our leading DDR IP solution continues to proliferate strongly, especially at hyperscaler and memory customers, while our PCIe portfolio had significant wins with compute and automotive companies. Tensilica continued to expand its footprint in true wireless, stereo and Bluetooth headsets and had notable wins in automotive, mobile and AR/VR end markets. Our System Design and Analysis business that is driving expansion beyond EDA continued its strong momentum in Q2, delivering 29% year-over-year growth as we increase our footprint in several verticals, including high-tech electronics, hyperscalers, aerospace and defense and 5G communications. In Q2, Ciena, a leader in intelligent networking, adopted our advanced node custom design, Photonics, multiphysics analysis and 2.5D/3D packaging solutions for their next-generation coherent optical solutions. Exploring design complexity, coupled with rising product development time and cost, is driving the need for innovative packaging solutions that can handle heterogeneous integration in a modular manner. We are seeing accelerating growth for our integrity 3D-IC solution, which is the industry's only comprehensive platform with all in-house technology that provides a truly tightly integrated optimized solution across system-level floor planning, implementation, packaging and system analysis. Our System Analysis portfolio, delivering disruptive performance and capacity, benefits without compromising accuracy, is proliferating nicely with both semiconductor and system companies. For example, in addition to multiple repeat orders, Clarity 3 Solver was adopted by leading companies, including a marquee U.S. semiconductor company, a market-leading U.S. company providing RF and mobile communication chips and a global marquee hyperscaler. We also announced a new multiyear partnership with McLaren Racing, who will use our Fidelity CFD software to investigate airflow. We are also very excited to have introduced Optimality Explorer, which brings the revolutionary AI technology implemented in Cadence Cerebrus to the system space for the very first time. This solution enables the delivery of optimized designs, about 10x faster on average than traditional manual methods with up to 100x speed up having been seen on some designs. Optimality is quickly ramping up with early adopter customers as they realize these compelling results, with Microsoft, MediaTek, Baidu and Ambarella having provided strong endorsement for the product. As we innovate on our systems technology, we are also enhancing our go-to-market strategy. In Q2, we launched our transformational on-cloud SaaS and e-commerce platform, scalable solution offering, instant access, flexible use models for companies adopting a cloud-first approach. This new e-commerce platform is the industry's first and offers a consumption-based use model that's built upon the well-established Cadence CloudBurst task platform. Several customers, including Bombardier, Cisco and Amazon Web Services, have endorsed the significance of this game-changing platform. To summarize, semiconductor and system companies are relentlessly investing to accelerate their innovation, and this continues to drive secular tailwinds for our business. Q2 was an outstanding quarter as we raised the financial outlook for the year while advancing our Intelligent System Design strategy and setting us up well for future growth by expanding into new end markets with our OpenEye and Future Facilities acquisitions. Now I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q2 results and our updated 2022 outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Anirudh, and good afternoon, everyone. Cadence achieved strong results for the second quarter of 2022 driven by broad-based strength across our technology portfolio. All of our product categories saw a double-digit year-over-year revenue growth, and we exceeded all key financial and operational metrics in Q2. Here are some of the financial highlights from the second quarter. Total revenue was $858 million. GAAP operating margin was 33%, and non-GAAP operating margin was 42%. GAAP EPS was $0.68, and non-GAAP EPS was $1.08. Operating cash flow was $325 million. We used $350 million of cash to repurchase Cadence shares. And at the end of the quarter, our cash balance totaled $1.03 billion, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $350 million. Before I provide our updated outlook for fiscal 2022 and what we expect for Q3, I'd like to take a moment to share certain key assumptions embedded in our outlook. We assume the export limitations that exist today will remain in place for the remainder of the year. We have included the expected impact of both the Future Facilities and OpenEye acquisitions. At the midpoint of our fiscal 2022 outlook, we have included the following for these acquisitions: Revenue of $15 million, that's 1-5, $15 million; and an operating cash outflow of $60 million largely due to our expectation that some of the price paid for these acquisitions will flow through operating cash in the second half. Embedding these assumptions into our updated outlook for fiscal 2022, we now expect revenue in the range of $3.47 billion to $3.51 billion, GAAP operating margin in the range of 29.25% to 30.25%, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 39.25% to 40.25%, GAAP EPS in the range of $2.59 to $2.65, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $4.06 to $4.12, operating cash flow of approximately $1.2 billion. And we expect to use our free cash flow to repurchase approximately $900 million of Cadence shares in 2022. For Q3, we expect revenue in the range of $860 million to $880 million, GAAP operating margin in the range of 26% to 27%, non-GAAP operating margin of 37% to 38%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.58 to $0.62, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.94 to $0.98. And we expect to use approximately $150 million of cash to repurchase Cadence shares in Q3. Our CFO commentary, which is available on our website, includes our outlook for additional items as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, 2022 is shaping up to be another strong year for all of our businesses at Cadence. I am pleased that revenue growth and profitability continued to improve. At the midpoint of our annual outlook, we now expect revenue growth of 16.8%, non-GAAP operating margin of 39.75% and non-GAAP EPS growth of 24.3%. As always, I'd like to close by thanking our customers, partners and our employees. And with that, operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator:  Your first question is from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Mobley: And let me extend my congratulations to a strong first half of the fiscal year. And wanted to start off by asking if you could give us some additional detail as to the -- how material multi-physics simulation software is becoming now as a portion of your systems analysis business? And then along the same lines, given that you're now moving into areas like aerospace, life sciences, data center infrastructure and other non-semiconductor end markets, maybe if you can share with us your view on how you need to build out your sales channel or your SaaS model to address these non-traditional customers for Cadence.
Anirudh Devgan: Hi, Gary, this is Anirudh. That's a great question. So first of all, we are very pleased with our execution to the Intelligent System Design strategy. And as you see, we are doing well, applying computational software expertise to our core and then new areas. So all our businesses are doing well. And as we expand into the system space, like we did with finite element and then CFD, I also think that it's very important to not just disrupt existing areas of simulation, but also get into new areas, emerging areas of simulation like we announced today with the molecular simulation. And that naturally adds to our customer base and expanding opportunities. Now in terms of OpenEye, it will operate as a -- when it closes later, it will operate as an independent business unit. But in general, like we have talked about in the past that we are focused on expanding our go-to-market. And if you look at that on-cloud, there's another way to reach the long tail and expanding customer base. And overall, we have structured our go-to-market to be slightly different in these new areas. That's only natural because it's not just the direct channel, but also the indirect channel and now the cloud and SaaS offerings.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Appreciate that, Anirudh. If I could just ask some -- I guess maybe said differently, double-click on the backlog metric of $5.6 billion. Any notable changes to the average license duration and maybe if you can speak to the diversity of the backlog growth.
John Wall : Yes. Sure. Gary, great question. That -- yes, of course, there's an element of time in that backlog number. I think if you look at the RPO number, that excludes the $171 million from other arrangements with non-cancelable commitments. It's about $5.4 billion in RPO, of which about 51% of that is backlog that's expected to revenue in the next 12 months. So it's your 12-month backlog. I think the annual value of that backlog -- I mean your backlog number of 5.4 -- or your RPO number of 5.4 is a mix of your annual value and time. And we're very pleased that we've had -- it's roughly $2.75 billion in 1-year backlog now. Very pleased with that. The systems business itself is about 12% of revenue and probably a similar percent of that's 1-year backlog.
Gary Mobley : Okay. And just to be clear, there wasn't 1 or 2 particular customers that drove the increase in the backlog?
John Wall: Well, the first half was very strong for us. We had some big renewals in the first half. As you recall last quarter, we talked about a U.S. marquee semiconductor company in which we had a record contract. We had big renewals again in the second quarter. But I think the thing to focus on when you look at the backlog is certainly the 1-year backlog I think reflects the quality of the backlog, and then the $5.4 billion reflects the amount of time that we've booked with customers.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya : If I go back to the start of the year when you reported Q4, you had suggested a 12% growth rate for the year and now you're guiding to 17%. And I'm curious, what created this big 500-point delta? I don't remember the same kind of pace of upgrades of revenue through the year, especially if the business has recurring elements. So I'm just curious, what is driving this pace of upside surprise? And I guess part B of this is, what is the sustainable growth rate for Cadence? Is it the 10%, 11%, which is where -- what your exit Q4 revenue implies? Or is it now at this new baseline of mid-teens growth or so?
John Wall : Vivek, all great questions. I'll take that, if you don't mind. The -- essentially, at the start of the year, we were guiding to 12% with an expectation that I think we expected 87% or 88% of our revenue to be recurring in nature. But it's been a great year -- certainly great first half for our functional verification, particularly the hardware business there. IP has done quite well in the first half, but -- so we've had a higher mix of upfront revenue in the first half, and that's driven up the percentage to a certain extent. I know you're rounding up to 17%. I think if you extract the impact of inorganic revenue that we've included in our outlook for the remainder of the year, the 15 -- if you take the $15 million out, it's up to 16.5% now. And that's largely due to growth across all of our business lines. Our business lines are all performing really, really well. But there's also a higher mix of upfront revenue this year compared to what we expected at the start of the year and compared to last year.
Vivek Arya : But I guess then the part B of -- is this mid-teens growth, whether it is 15 or 16 or 17, is this the new baseline of growth for Cadence? Has something changed to get you into this higher tier of growth? Or is the 11%, right, that you had previously in the 3-year CAGR basis still the right way to think about Cadence from a longer-term perspective? And if I could just sneak in a quick one to that. What happens if there is a downturn? I know your business model is fairly resilient. But if there is a downturn in semis, which part of your business will see it first?
John Wall : Okay. Vivek, a number of questions in there. Let me unpack it a little bit. But I think if you're looking at the underlying growth rate in the business, I think a good way to look at it is to look at the 3-year CAGR because that reflects how well the business has done over one contract cycle. Typically, our customers sign up to 3-year contracts with us. Now there has been more upfront revenue business this year. And if you look at our Q, we disclosed that in quite some detail. I think if you unpack that, you'll find that the recurring revenue business is probably growing at 12% to 13%. The upfront revenue business this year -- our upfront revenue this year compared to last year is up considerably, but the recurring revenue is much more sustainable going forward. The -- and then let me hand you over to Anirudh to talk about the impact to our business if there's a downturn. I think the recurring revenue is very, very sustainable.
Anirudh Devgan : Yes. Vivek, that's a great point. But as you know, our business is very resilient. And I would say that's probably three main reasons. One is we are critical to our customers' R&D, weâre essential products for the current and future road maps. And then second reason is we are a highly ratable business, as you know, as John explained, so which gives some higher visibility and also traditionally in a historically strong renewal rates. And the third thing I would like to highlight is that we are very diversified, both in terms of geographies and end markets. So I mean we are carefully watching the macroeconomic environment. But overall, I feel we are in a good position to weather whatever uncertainty is in front of us. And the generational trends are intact, right? So like we always talk about the 3 big drivers for our business. One is the semiconductors and the growing need for semiconductors and digitization of all verticals. Second thing is the system companies doing more silicon and our growing relationship with the system company. And then the third big megatrend being our own move beyond EDA into TAM expansion to System Design and Analysis to different kind of simulation and optimization. And that also brings more customers and more diversification. So overall, we feel good about where we are and -- but we are watching the environment very closely.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Anirudh, let me start with you, referring back to a couple of important points you made in your keynote addresses both at CadenceLIVE 2 months ago and a deck 2 weeks ago. So you've said 2 things that are, I think, important. One is that AI-based EDA is in effect, the next big thing in EDA. And the question there is, what are the implications for you in terms of your services model, and specifically the kind of AE capacity that you need to provide over time to support that for both our semi and systems customers? And then relatedly, you said 2 weeks ago, a very interesting point, that EDA needs a framework for optimizing multiple runs in the single-run history at EDA. So the question there is, do you, in fact, have that now? Or are you still working on getting to that point? And then second question for John. Excluding acquisitions, how are you thinking about headcount additions for the balance of the year? You, interestingly, as compared to other tech companies, maintained a fairly high level of open positions. So how are you thinking, again, ex acquisitions about your ability to bring on both R&D and AEs for the rest of the year?
Anirudh Devgan : Yes. Jay, first of all, thank you for attending the keynotes. That's great. Now in terms of -- like I always say, our strength is in computational software. And I want to highlight computational software, as you know, is not just simulation. Of course, we have big expertise in simulation. But it's also optimization and design. So EDA has a rich history of writing one of the most complicated optimization of design software. I mean, for example, things like place and route and digital implementation are probably the most complex optimization software that's available. And what I'm really excited about use of AI is not just in simulation, but more importantly, in optimization. And you can see that in Cerebrus. Cerebrus, coupled with our digital flow with Innovus, can provide dramatic results. So I think this combination of inside out or simulation-based or science-based, physics-based simulation, whether it is in chip design or system level, combined with outside in AI for optimization, is a huge megatrend, okay? So the simulation plus AI, a combination of analysis plus optimization. And of course, we applied it to chip design with Cerebrus. And then recently, I'm also very excited about Optimality. We have dramatic results because similar technologies can be applied to system simulation. And to your point, Cerebrus and Optimality based on reinforcement learning requires this multi-run kind of optimization, which traditionally EDA hasn't done. So we are very pleased with the progress. I mean there's another area, as you can know, which is like verification, that also requires multi-run. So we will -- we are tying all these things together and applying this kind of multi-run data analytics and AI across our product portfolio. And the benefit of that to our customers is, of course, they can do more with our software. And what I expect is that over time, we should be able to get more and more spend of their R&D to automation with things like Cerebrus, Optimality and overall automation. John, you can comment on the second.
John Wall : Yes, yes. Jay, in relation to headcount, I think if you noticed the second half where our margins ticked down a little bit in comparison to the first half, that's all due to employee costs, really. But our merit cycle kicked in on July 1. So pay increases impact us in the second half of the year, and we expect to continue hiring at pace in the second half of the year. Chip design activity has been very strong, both with semiconductor and systems companies. And the market for talent is very competitive with how we've performed on the Great Place to Work service for the last 6, 7 years, I think we've had no issues with attracting talent, and we're not slowing down our our hiring activity. And of course, as you mentioned, we're bringing in headcount through M&A as well.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Charles Shi with Needham & Company.
Charles Shi : Thank you for allowing me to ask a couple of questions, Anirudh and John. I would like to ask how much of your business is kind of exposed to startups? The reason why I want to ask it is that over the last 2, 3 years, the VC funding going into semiconductor startups has been taken up very significantly. And I believe that probably benefit your business in some way over the last few years might have added to your growth. So with now the macroeconomic condition kind of worsening and the financial conditions kind of tightening, I think of some investors are starting to worry about the startup fundings and potentially impact their EDA spending. Wanted to ask your thought, can you first quantify to us how much of your exposure into the startups, especially those are pre-revenue? And secondly, what do you think in terms of your impact to your business over the next 12 months in this part of the segment?
John Wall : Charles, yes, great question. As I mentioned to Jay a few moments ago, I mean, chip design activity is very strong. I mean I think within the startup community, we probably observed more caution in spending, but demand is there right across the board. In terms of quantifying our exposure, our exposure is quite small on the startup side. If you recall back in -- I think it was Q2 2020 at the height of the original outbreak of COVID in that pandemic, I think at the peak, we reserved $70 million of bookings for -- and they were mainly small customers. And at that, we collected -- we probably collected half of that eventually. But -- so I don't think there's -- I don't think we have any significant exposure on the startup community. And like I say, although they're being cautious, demand is there right across all our businesses. Also, Charles, everything we know is in the guidance. We've already -- I mean to the extent that there's been any impact in our pipeline, that's already included in the guidance.
Charles Shi : Got it. Got it. So maybe a second question on the 3D-IC solutions. Congrats some of the new attractions certainly, including the adoption by the U.S. marquee customer. I want to ask a little bit high-level question. I believe it was TSMC who recently kind of introduced something called 3D blocks and one of the things in their 3D blocks platform is the interoperability of the 3D-IC design tools across different vendors. And Anirudh and John, I know you guys have been working on this full flow solution all under one roof for 3D-IC. And obviously, it doesn't mean that they are not interoperable with other vendors' tools. But my question is whether your foundry customer, what they are trying to do, would that diminish some of your product differentiation there? Or you -- what do you see -- what does that mean to your 3D-IC strategy?
Anirudh Devgan : Charles, that's a good point. First of all, we are very happy, like you said, with the progress in 3D-IC. And I -- and we are glad to work with all the leading foundries, and we have a strong partnership given our position in the market. Now I think this is not any different than traditional EDA, though. I mean, typically, the customer always has a choice to put flows together by multiple tools. But even if you look at traditional EDA, because of advanced node and some design complexity, the integrated solution gives better results. But even our traditional EDA tools can be run as a mixture of other tools if the customer so chooses. So we will allow that flexibility in all our domains, but we always believe that a fully integrated solution like verification products or digital products and same thing with 3D-IC gives the best results, the best PPA. And that's what we are all about. We want to deliver the best PPA productivity to our customers and work with the leading foundries to provide that. So I don't see any different from other areas. But at the same time, the focus on benefit of the full flow is even more critical.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur : Good afternoon and congratulations on the solid results and execution. A recent dynamic that your semiconductor companies are focused on and their customers are focused on given geopolitical, national defense, continuity of supply risk, diversification of manufacturing partners  are currently forced to particular foundry but are now putting in place to support one or more partners. So this is going to entail a new library development, new IP blocks where they're purchased organically developed and even  I think this is for both leading-edge digital analog. I know that the chip companies have to add design engineers every time with a new foundry partner. So is this focused on manufacturing diversification  of your EDA and IP businesses as well? I would think so but wanted to get your views.
Anirudh Devgan: That's a good point. As you know, we are very diversified and -- across all segments and geographies and also have the great privilege of working with all the leading foundries in the world through the strength of our products. And we are more focused on the design side than the manufacturing side because all our products are used on the design side. But that having been said, as there is more onshoring or investment by several governments now by -- to improve manufacturing, it does require more tool enablement, EDA enablement and IT work at all these foundries. So I think that drives more demand for our products. And we are glad to work with all these partners as we move forward. So at the macro level, we are focused on the design side and our end customers, right, to build their solutions. But any kind of manufacturing-driven uptick in enablement is good for our business.
Harlan Sur : Yes. Exactly. Okay. And then on your IP business, in compute, I think you mentioned this in some of the remarks, including compute. You've got Intel and AMD, rolling out new processor platforms, right, supporting next-generation memory, storage interfaces. We've got DDR5, PCIe Gen 5, . And then all of these processes are rolling out at the end of this year. Additionally, in networking, we're kind of still early days in the adoption of 100-gig surveys for 200 and 400-gig optical. You guys obviously have a strong position here as well or in all of these segments. With all of these transpiring and customers looking to adopt these next-gen standard interfaces on their chip designs, the IP business continues to stay in strong year-over-year growth from here?
Anirudh Devgan : Yes. That's a good point. I think we -- our IP business is doing well, just like you saw in our results even, Q2 results. And we always focus on star IP. And we have design IP portfolio, like you mentioned with DDR, PCIe, high-speed SerDes with silicon platform. So right now, we're seeing strength across all those segments, and we are pleased with that. And like I said, design activity is strong, and IP is a key part of the design activity. And so we are happy with the progress. But I would say that the strength is broad based across not only our different product lines, but also different customer segments. And this overall trend in IP also -- I just wanted to say IP also benefits from the trend of outsourcing. As customers focus on their core expertise, as you know, they will outsource IP. So overall, I think it's a good business. And also, our focus on star IP has improved the profitability of our IP business in the last few years, and we are pleased with that trend.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Blair Abernethy with Rosenblatt Securities.
Blair Abernethy : Nice quarter, gentlemen. Just wanted to dig in a little more on the OpenEye acquisition, Anirudh. The -- it looks like this is more -- almost a platform play in the health care vertical. Is that the right way to be looking at it? It looks like they have a number of partnerships in a bunch of different areas. Wondering if you can just expand sort of where you see yourselves going with this product.
Anirudh Devgan : That's a good question. I mean, first of all, like I said, we believe we are best-in-class competition software, right? That includes simulation and design stimulation optimization. And then when we go into simulation space -- system simulation, we want to do existing areas, which are well-established markets like finite element and CFD, and we have talked a lot about it over the last few years, but also new areas, which are emerging and will be important for the next 10 years. And I can't think of a better emerging area than molecular simulation. And now it has multiple applications to materials and plastics and other things, but one of the exciting applications is, of course, life sciences and biosimulation. And so the thing I like about it is not only is the simulation and should have all the properties, the system simulation like FE and CFD, it has application to a very important vertical, which will have to be more and more digitized over the next 10 years. So it has both those properties, the inherent R&D synergy and properties of simulation, but also in a very important vertical. And same thing -- by the way, it's true for Future Facilities. If you think about it, the reason that like that acquisition and company, it's in a CFD area, which is, again, system simulation, but in a data center vertical, which is a huge thing for sustainability and power consumption. And I don't need to tell you how important cloud and data center is. So both of these acquisitions have inherent strength, which ties to our competition software expertise, but also good and important growing verticals, and they have strong positions in those. Talking about OpenEye, they're used by 19 of the top 20 pharma companies and also a very broad portfolio and leadership in molecular design and simulation and also a very good go-to-market with SaaS. They are a first company in the space to go to SaaS and cloud-native applications. So it has multiple characteristics that we like, and at the same time, having a talented team. And the same thing is true for Future Facilities. So that gives you an idea of we want to go into strong horizontal capabilities in simulation, but also in exciting verticals there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird.
Joseph Vruwink : I wanted to go back to the discussion on current RPO. If I did all my math correctly, it looks like the rate of growth has accelerated from the teens to this quarter was north of 30%. John, if I look at that $2.7 billion number just against next 12-month revenue estimates, either your visibility on those NTM estimates is extremely high right now or the NTM estimates are too low. So I guess I'll just put the question to whether based on the level of bookings activity year-to-date, you do feel like your visibility looking ahead is particularly good and whether you might be able to actually say at this point in time so early on that your recurring revenue growth could actually even accelerate as we think about the next 12 months.
John Wall : Yes. Joe, great question and great observation. Yes. We're very, very pleased the fact that the current backlog or the kind of 1-year backlog has gone up to about $2.75 billion. That reflects strength across all our businesses, but it also reflects the amount of hardware business we've signed up in the last few quarters. You might see that the second half of the year, we've taken up the second half of the year, I think, $52 million compared to where we thought we'd be this time last quarter. And a lot of that has been in the functional verification side because the amount of hardware business that we signed up. I think in the Q as well, you'll see some new disclosures for raw materials and finished goods in our inventory. We're building the systems as fast as we can to deliver to customers. But the $2.75 billion of current backlog or 1-year backlog probably has a bigger proportion of hardware in it this quarter than last quarter.
Joseph Vruwink : Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then just on the topic of macro, and I think backlog is the answer. So it doesn't seem like design starts or just how your customers are thinking about the next 2 to 3 years that is changing for the worst at all. But just any details on that next level, like maybe engineering seats at customers, the ACV opportunity per seat. We've been talking on this call a lot about the advanced design solutions, which I think actually give Cadence more revenue leverage per seat than maybe was true in the past. Is there anything there that might give you pause just on thinking about macro or customer spending? Or I hate to make at this time is different argument, but is some of the things you're seeing truly different relative to past down cycles?
John Wall : So Joe, I wouldn't tell you that this time is different at all. I think what I would highlight, though, is I would like to distinguish that we're part of the design cycle, not the manufacturing cycle or production cycle. And design continues unabated. I mean I have seen among the smaller kind of startup companies a bit more caution on spending, but demand is still there across the board. I mean they may be cautious. There might be slightly longer lead times, but we're still seeing really strong demand across all lines of business. But that's -- again, we're in the design cycle. Typically, what we've seen in the past is people double down on design at times like this.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino : Great. I wanted to ask about the new e-commerce or resource capability that you discussed in the prepared remarks. What products are available in that channel today? And then who are you specifically targeting to use this?
Anirudh Devgan : Yes. Good question. We are pretty -- it's a busy quarter, right? We have a lot of exciting innovations this time, and all of them is on cloud, and we've been working on it for a while. As you know, we've been doing SaaS and cloud for a while for several years now. But I think the word we see opportunity with on-cloud is combining SaaS with e-commerce. And this is especially true for -- and it was built for the long tail of the market so that the reach can be higher of our go-to-market strategy. Now we are surprised that even some of the big customers want to use it like you saw some of the big customers like Cisco and Bombardier and Amazon Web Services were referenced in our announcement. But the goal is to reach the long tail. And for that reason, the initial set of products are the systems product, our system analysis tools and Fidelity, Clarity, Celsius, PCB with OrCAD and Allegro. So that's the initial focus, and we'll see how that goes because these -- those products traditionally have a much higher number of customers than traditional EDA products. And so therefore, in a cloud and SaaS e-commerce platform is good for these kind of customers. And then we rolled it out to certain geographies, and we'll expand that over time. So, so far, we have a lot of users over there, and we are closely monitoring how it goes. But so far, so good. And just to remind you, we also have the hardware cloud for Palladium and Protium, but the on-cloud focus is mostly for the system products into the long tail. So we are positively surprised by some big customers. Yes.
Jason Celino : Yes. It's an interesting development. And then maybe just a quick one for John, just to clarify. The nice raise through the second half. When we think about the visibility into the last 6 months, the hardware and IP strength that you talked about, is that expected to continue at the same pace as the first half? Or how should we think about that?
John Wall : Yes. So great question. I would say when -- I would characterize the second half rate has been very much driven by strength across all lines of business. There's been probably more of it for functional verification because of strength in the hardware business. On the IP side, I still maintained low-teens growth in the outlook despite the fact that we had a really strong Q2. And part of that was because the boost to Q2 revenue that we saw, I think we landed at like 30% revenue growth year-over-year for IP in Q2. I was expecting mid-teens. But about $12 million, $13 million of IP revenue in Q2, I had originally forecast to happen later in the year in Q4, and that happened in Q2. But -- so I haven't taken the year up for that. But I mean we're seeing strength right across all lines of business. And -- but the raise I would say most of it is hardware, but then the rest is split across all the other lines of business, and maybe IP is the smallest amount of the raise. And there's  for the M&A, of course, right?
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to the CEO, Anirudh Devgan.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We are excited about our business momentum and the tremendous market opportunities ahead of us. On behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers, partners and investors for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence. We look forward to speaking with you again on our 2022 earnings call. Thank you, and have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's cadence second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Erica, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Richard Gu, Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Richard Gu: Thank you, Operator. I would like to welcome everyone to our first quarter of fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call. I am joined today by Anirudh Devgan, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call and a copy of today’s prepared remarks will be available on our website, cadence.com. Today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements, including our outlook on future business and operating results. Due to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today’s discussion. For information on factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-K and 10-Q, and today’s earnings release. All forward-looking statements during this call are based on estimates and information available to us as of today and we disclaim any obligation to update them. In addition, we will present certain non-GAAP measures, which should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for GAAP results. Reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are included in today’s earnings release. Today’s earnings release for the first quarter of fiscal 2022, related financial tables and CFO commentary are also available. For the Q&A session today, we would ask that you observe a limit of one question and one follow up. You may re-queue if you would like to ask additional questions and time permits. Now, I will turn the call over to Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that Cadence delivered exceptional results for the first quarter of 2022, with broad-based demand for our innovative solutions driving solid double-digit growth across all business groups. In view of the strong start to the year and the continuing momentum of our business, we are raising our financial outlook for the year. John will provide more details on that in a moment. Generational trends such as hyperscale computing, 5G, 5G, autonomous driving and AI/ML are creating an explosion of data that in turn is driving the need for next-generation compute, connectivity, storage and data analytics solutions. Along with accelerating digital transformation of multiple end markets, these trends continue to fuel robust design activity, creating rich market opportunities for our differentiated end-to-end EDA, IP and system solutions. Now let’s talk about our key highlights for Q1. A key element of our approach has been to closely collaborate with our ecosystem partners and focus on market shaping customers. We are very excited to have built upon our successful engagements with a marquee U.S. semiconductor company, and in Q1 signed one of the largest contracts in company history, to enable the broad proliferation of our EDA, hardware and systems solutions. Additionally, in Q1, we expanded our longstanding partnership with Arm, who is using a comprehensive set of Cadence’s EDA solutions and Cadence who is using Arm’s latest IP, to jointly provide implementation reference flows and optimized processor IP to accelerate customer innovation. Rapidly increasing challenges in system verification and software bring-up continued to be a strong pull for our verification business, which delivered 30% year-over-year revenue growth. On the heels of a record year, our hardware business had its biggest quarter by far, with unabating demand for our best-in-class Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 hardware platforms. With 10 new customers and over 50 repeat customers, more than half the orders during the quarter included both the platforms. Demand for hardware was broad-based, with particular strength seen in the hyperscale, 5G/communications, and AI/ML segments. Our digital and signoff business had another strong quarter, with 23% year-over-year revenue growth. Deployment of our digital full flow, delivering industry leading quality of results at the most advanced nodes, continued to accelerate with more than 15 new wins in Q1. Our innovative Cadence Cerebrus solution uses unique reinforcement learning ML technologies to explore the entire design space and intelligently optimize the digital full flow in a fully automated manner. Several market shaping customers have successfully deployed Cadence Cerebrus, and realized remarkable productivity and power, performance and area benefits, including, a marquee Asia-Pacific systems company used Cadence Cerebrus to achieve 5X engineering productivity and nearly 10% power gains on a critical advanced node subsystem. And a leading Asia-Pacific hyperscaler used Cadence Cerebrus with our digital full flow to tapeout a chip with nearly 2 billion instances, reducing power by 5% compared to the alternative flow. Our System Design & Analysis business, which is driving our expansion beyond EDA, continued its strong momentum in Q1, delivering 22% year-over-year revenue growth. There is growing interest in our Integrity 3D-IC solution, the industry’s most advanced multi-die platform, with tightly integrated system planning, implementation and analysis technologies. A large U.S. data infrastructure company successfully deployed Integrity to tapeout their 2.5D IC and Lightelligence, used 3D -- Integrity 3D-IC, Virtuoso and Innovus in the development of their fully integrated optical computer system. In System Analysis, we continued executing to our strategy of building out our multi-physics platform, offering best-in-class engines delivering superior results compared to legacy solutions. We are pleased with the new wins and growing repeat orders for our organic Clarity and Celsius products, as well as our recently acquired CFD technologies. Over the past year, our CFD solutions have continued to proliferate, especially in the aerospace and defense arena with market-shaping customers such as Lockheed Martin. In Q1, Juniper Networks renewed their commitment to Cadence technology, including comprehensive access to our systems portfolio across PCB, packaging and System Analysis solutions. And last week we introduced Fidelity CFD, a comprehensive CFD platform that includes enhanced meshing technologies, as well as a next generation massively parallel high-order solver, that dramatically improves the performance and accuracy of complex CFD applications across multiple vertical end markets. Fidelity CFD’s software meshing capabilities have been chosen by Toyota Motor Europe to be their standard workflow for CFD preprocessing and the winning America’s Cup, Team New Zealand, relies on Fidelity Marine solver for their hull hydrodynamic modeling. Lastly, in addition to our outstanding business results, I am also proud of our high-performance inclusive culture and thrilled that we have been selected by Fortune and Great Place to Work as one of the 2022 100 Best Companies to Work For, for the eighth consecutive year. Now I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q1 results and our updated 2022 outlook.
John Wall: Thanks Anirudh, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased with the results we achieved for the first quarter of 2022, driven by broad-based strength across our technology portfolio and record demand for our leading hardware products. We continue to execute to our Intelligent System Design strategy, making further significant strides with our innovation roadmap, and most importantly, we continue to delight our customers. Here are some of the financial highlights from the first quarter. Total revenue was $902 million,  GAAP operating margin was 35% and non-GAAP operating margin was 44%, GAAP EPS was $0.85 and non-GAAP EPS was $1.17, cash balance was $1.135 billion, operating cash flow was $337 million and we repurchased $250 million of Cadence shares. Before I provide our updated outlook for fiscal 2022, I’d like to highlight that it contains our usual assumption that the export limitations that exist today remain in place for the remainder of the year. With that in mind, our updated outlook for fiscal 2022 is revenue in the range of $3.395 billion to $3.435 billion, GAAP operating margin in the range of 28.5% to 30%, non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 38.5% to 40%, GAAP EPS in the range of $2.51 to $2.59, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $3.89 to $3.97, operating cash flow in the range of $1.19 billion to $1.29 billion and we expect to use at least 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares in 2022. For Q2, we expect revenue in the range of $825 million to $845 million, GAAP operating margin in the range of 29% to 30%, non-GAAP operating margin of 39% to 40%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.59 to $0.63, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.95 to $0.99 and we expect to repurchase at least $200 million of Cadence shares in Q2. Our CFO commentary, which is available on our website, includes our outlook for additional items, as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, all our businesses had a strong start to the year. I am pleased that revenue growth and profitability continue to accelerate. We are on track to exceed 50% incremental margin for 2022, which contributes to our continued operating margin expansion. Also, with the increase in our outlook at the midpoint, we now expect revenue growth for the year to exceed 14%, driving acceleration in our three-year revenue CAGR to over 13%. As always, I’d like to close by thanking our customers, partners and our employees for their continued support. And with that, Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator:  Your first question comes from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions and let me extend my congratulations to the strong start to the fiscal year. I want to start off by asking about backlog, you had roughly a 16% sequential increase, and I was wondering, to what extent has emulation, prototyping hardware tools contributed to that increase, as well as IP? And I want as well ask you about the diversity of the backlog increase, was it largely driven by that marquee customer win that you highlighted in your prepared remarks?
John Wall: Yeah, Gary. Great question. This is John. Yeah. We are very pleased that backlog is now up to over $5.1 billion and it mainly came from broad-based strength across all of the different business groups. There was a substantial uptake in terms of hardware demand and you saw some of that come through in the revenue number in the quarter. But also I think you refer to, we had a large record contract with the marquee U.S. semiconductor company that we booked in Q1. This was a big extension and expansion to replace an existing deal that was expected to expire at the end of 2022 and that contributed significantly to backlog growth as well.
Gary Mobley: Great. Thank you. Thank you, John. I wanted to ask you about the disclosure in your SEC filings about the subpoena that you received from the U.S. Commerce Department or BIS and I was wonder if you can give us any update in -- what that entity is asking for in, and perhaps, what it relates to and your take on what specifically is motivating them to ask you for more information?
John Wall: Yeah. Gary, yeah, we mentioned previously that this is an administrative subpoena and the focus of the subpoena is information about sales to certain Chinese entities. Our response to the subpoena at this stage is mostly complete and Cadence is in compliance with all export control regulations. But other than that, I really don’t have anything else to say.
Gary Mobley: Okay. All right. Well, thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Shi with Needham & Company.
Charles Shi: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Maybe the first question, I want to follow-up quickly on the U.S. marquee semiconductor customer. I wonder you mentioned about record contract you signed. Is that a reflection of expanded the scope of a collaboration with that customer or a, I mean, a longer contract duration with this particular customer or maybe a combination of both, can you give us some color on that?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Hi, Charles. Thank you for the question. This is Anirudh. So, like we have mentioned, key approach, a key element of our strategy is to focus on market shaping customers. And I am very happy with this new arrangement with the marquee U.S. semiconductor company. And you may know we have been working with this particular customer for a while and now we are excited to build upon these successes with these new contracts and it’s a broad ranging contract like we mentioned so it includes our EDA solutions, but it also includes our hardware platforms and our new systems solution. So it’s a fairly comprehensive arrangement and we look forward to continuing deployment with this very important customer. And to give you example I think last time we also mentioned, for example in EDA, we have a lot of successful engagement on our digital full flow, and for example, Cerebrus gave very good results at several key blocks on a recent paper out and about 5x productivity improvement. At the same time we also have engagement in analog with Virtuoso and Spectre, and of course, verification with the key element with hardware and then system solution. So, overall, we are happy with the progress and we look forward to wider deployment as we go forward.
Charles Shi: Thanks, Arun -- Anirudh. So maybe a second question I want to follow-up on China, definitely I understand you don’t have any new news on the subpoena front and but your competitor recently, I mean, maybe not recently, they received a subpoena and made news with, sorry, WAFTA -- WAFTA press  there. Just not really asking you to provide more legal comments on that, but from a business standpoint, are you seeing any changes in terms of behavior among the Chinese customers, who are not really subject to the export control measures, but may see what’s the new development as a sign of potential escalation between U.S. and China on the semiconductor? Any -- I just want to point out that that your China revenue did see a little bit pickup in the first quarter. Maybe I am not making the wrong correlation here, but any color on this front would be great? Thank you.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Thank you, Charles. So we are pretty pleased with our business in China. I think you may know we had some tough compare in 2021 versus 2022, fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020. But we are -- that’s behind us now. So I think we expect China business to be strong and continue to grow and we seeing that strength across our product portfolio. So, John, you want to comment?
John Wall: Yeah, I would add that -- yeah. I mean, we are seeing customer demand is strong and it continues to present a growing opportunity for us out in China. One thing that benefited us in China in Q1 was we did pick up some software revenue in custom IC and digital IC from some license compliance transactions and they benefited us in Q1, as well as the strong hardware in the quarter.
Charles Shi: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. Maybe just going back to the backlog development, when you think about how your involvement with the marquee U.S. semiconductor company has evolved. Do you think it is emblematic of kind of how your relationships across your broader customer base are evolving and maybe at a strategic level can we just discuss how that scope of involvement is changing? And related to that, you introduced quite a few new products over the past 12 months. You have been talking about some today. Are you starting to see those factor into larger ACVs or deal sizes?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Joe, that’s a good point. So, what I would say is that, we are pretty happy with our product portfolio and competitive positioning. And we are happy that, we always start, we focus on the important customers, focus on benchmarking, focus on adoption, proliferation that leads to booking and revenue. So, overall, I think we all feel confident of our product portfolio that includes EB and IP, and then expansion of that product portfolio into system design and analysis, as you see, that also grew pretty well in Q1. And then the use of AI to further differentiate our solutions, whether they are in EDA or in systems. So at this point, I think, we feel good where we are, and also, we are, as you know, in the golden era of semiconductors and electronic systems. So the market is also growing and we feel we are in a strong position. So together it’s a good tailwind for our solutions and our company.
John Wall: And I would just add there, Joe, that we are very excited about the growth opportunity that this expansion brings us over the next several years.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Okay. That’s great. And then specifically on your hardware platforms, a quarter ago, you discussed how verification had really good visibility and this was informing your view on a strong 1Q forecast at that time and also a strong first half, but that you weren’t necessarily extrapolating the strength in the first half into the second half, maybe can I wait and see a bit more with the updated forecast you are providing today can you just give an update on kind of where your thinking and forecasting stands with your verification hardware?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Let me go ahead and talk about verification first, and I think, John, can comment more about the outlook for the year. But I think verification, as you know, is a key differentiator for our customers. I think to really be a state-of-the-art kind of design company or a system semiconductor company, your ability to do good verification is critical. That is what can lead to you know rapid cadence of your products and also how fast from silicon tape out to product release. So I think importance of verification becomes critical and the importance of hardware platforms especially driven by Palladium and Protium to do not just, ideal verification but also software bring up is critical. So, therefore, we are seeing a strong demand across both the semiconductor companies, but also the system companies which inherently have software who are verification products and we had a record quarter following a record year last year. Now in terms of going forward, I would like John to comment on rest of the year guidance.
John Wall: Yeah. Joe, I mean, we are seeing significant demand for all of our hardware products and as we said in our year end call just a few weeks ago, we weren’t comfortable with providing an outlook or extrapolating that demand into the second half of the year until we saw the pipeline kind of closer to the summer and that’s we kind of retained that position for this guide.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Okay. Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy with Rosenblatt Securities.
Blair Abernethy: Thanks very much and nice quarter guys. Just wondering if we could talk a little more about the multi physics simulation side of things, just wanted to get an update on how your channel partner programs are developing, whether they are getting traction to the overall business? And just perhaps on the model physics simulation, sort of what would you classify or what do you view as areas where you have got some competitive strengths?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. That’s a great question. So, first of all, as you saw we are growing pretty well in system design and analysis. And also just to remind you that we take all our revenue ratably, even in this segment compared to some other companies. So whenever you have ratable revenue then the bookings are you know growing faster than revenues. Overall, we are pretty happy with system design and analysis and especially the System Analysis portion that is becoming a bigger portion of Cadence business. And our key strength is our computational software expertise. So in ED over the last 20 years, 30 years we have a lot of experience doing very, very large systems efficiently and accurately. So we apply that computational software expertise to System Analysis. So our solutions can be order of magnitude better than what has been these legacy solutions in this space, okay. And we first always focus on key customers, the top customers and the top customers in that space are similar to our traditional top customers. So these are big system and semi-companies, also our top customers in System Analysis, because we want to make sure your product is differentiated and I think that’s ongoing and you see the strength and clarity in Celsius and now with the introduction of Fidelity. Now beyond that, to your point, I think, we also work on channel expansion and I think we have mentioned in the past that we are expanding our partner network and also expanding more and more of these solutions to be available on the cloud, which also naturally reaches more and more customers. So we always want to first focus on the product, focus on the top customers and the big customers, and then build -- systematically build out a framework to expand the deployment and go-to-market. So, overall, we are pleased with our progress and you know, it is also very synergistic with our overall EDA position and overall intelligent system design strategy.
Blair Abernethy: That’s great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pradeep Ramani with UBS Securities.
Pradeep Ramani: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just had a couple of questions on the marquee customer win that you are talking about. Should we think about that as a competitive displacement from your side or should we think about it more as a similar scope or maybe expanded scope, but larger contract values? How do you think about that?
John Wall: Yeah. I would profile it as an expansion of the proliferation of our technology with that customer. I think that customer has seen the value in the products that, that we have provided over the last number of years and it’s ready to take the next step. I mean, typically when we are proliferating with costs like this, it starts with them using our technology in a number of individual designs and then based on the success of those designs, they proliferate and expand into other multiple designs. They may also continue to use the other technology, but it’s certainly, it has I was very excited about the growth opportunity that this expansion means for us for the next number of years.
Pradeep Ramani: Great. And as a follow-up, your IP business is sort of accelerating, if you think about -- if you look at the last two quarters. Do you still feel good about the low-teens, so the type of growth rate for the year or should we be thinking about something that’s much higher than that?
John Wall: Well, over the last three years or so, I think, they have been growing around mid-teens. We put in the outlook low teens. It’s in the outlook at 13%. We haven’t changed that from the end of last year, but you might have noticed that they achieved 17% in Q1. What we find is that, when we give them a target for low-teens, they focus on the most profitable IP business and generally over perform. But the current outlook just represents 13%, there may be upside for us.
Pradeep Ramani: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yeah. Thank you. Good evening, Anirudh and John. Question number one, Anirudh, we have spoken over the last few months of how your semiconductor customers are becoming increasingly like systems customers, systems customers are becoming more like semi customers. With that in mind, though, in what way are the two halves of the customer base still different? I mean, even though they are becoming more like what are the important differences that remain in terms of their process or their mix of product from a company like yours? And in any case, given the overall rising tide of your business, given the strength of the end markets, how are you seeing the kinds of services and support requirements that you are having to invest in and expand for your customer base? Second question, going back to the marquee customer, that’s who we all think it is, that company is already by far the largest vendor on commercially EDA. They like many other semi companies have been materially expanding their R&D budgets inflecting higher substantially over the last number of quarters. The question is, could you foresee that particular customer becoming a more than 5% customer for you or even perhaps 10% and thereby increasing your overall customer concentration? Thanks.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Hey, Jay. Let me start with the -- your first question. Like you said, system companies are becoming doing more semiconductor design and semiconductor becoming companies are becoming more system company and this is great for Cadence and the industry. And there are similarities there, but you asked about the differences. So some of the differences, of course, first thing is, that’s one of the reasons we expand it into system design and analysis. So, naturally to system companies, we are not just engaging with our EDA and IP products, which are silicon-centric. We are also engaging with the system design and analysis products whether it’s 3D-IC or PCV design or simulation and that’s a natural synergy of our strategy and the natural synergy of what is happening in the customer base. So that’s one big difference. I think the second big difference is that the system companies naturally, as you know, have software content. That’s why they are a system company. So the need for hardware platforms, especially both Palladium and Protium, and software bring up, is always critical, but is even more critical for these system companies that are doing semiconductors. So I think I would say these are probably the two big things. And then the third thing that always helps is a lot of times the system companies are new at or sometimes are engaging in new activities in semiconductors. So there is no legacy there. So that always helps us, because without legacy, with the strength of our portfolio, we typically do well in the market. Now, with respect to your second question, like we said, we are pretty happy with our engagement with the marquee U.S. semiconductor company and there’s a lot of opportunities to grow there over the years in multiple aspects EDA, hardware and the system solutions.
John Wall: Yeah. Jay, we have a very diverse customer base, as you know, and I mean, we are very, very happy that this opportunity means that this particular customer is likely to spend a higher percentage of their dollars with us over the next few years and it sets us up to grow well in that account over the next few years. But we expect to grow well in many, many of our accounts, if not all of our accounts over the next few years, and so, yeah, I wouldn’t -- I am not expecting a 10% customer.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks. If I can just ask you…
Anirudh Devgan: Also another thing, Jay…
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yeah.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Another thing, Jay, you probably know already to highlight is, as we do more of these AI-based solutions, Cerberus and you will see more from us going forward. It’s an opportunity to provide much more productivity to our customers, whether they are semiconductor company or a system company. So what I -- what we are hoping is that because, as you know, the labor market is tight and the need for talent is always growing there is more and more need for automation and higher level automation. So I think there is opportunity for us to do well in variety of customers, especially moving more towards automation and less towards hiring, they will still hire more people, but there’s opportunity for EDA and IP to be a bigger percentage of wallet as we provide more automation in our solutions.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I know that you look at the growth acceleration over the last few years, has it come from a wider customer base or is that more revenue per customer? And that -- if I kind of carry that question forward for the next three years to four years, what do you think is going to be a more important factor in driving the growth, is it a wider customer base or is it more revenue per customer?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. That’s a good question. What I would say is that, three big trends that are helping us. So first trend is, as you know, we are in golden age semiconductors and it’s expected to grow, continue to grow for next five years to 10 years. So our core business can do well with the semiconductor companies. I think the second thing is, like was mentioned earlier, the system companies are doing more silicon. So that adds like new kind of opportunities to engage with system companies and that I think is going to continue for the next five years or 10 years, because there are systemic reasons for system companies wanted to silicon for customization for a differentiation. And then the third big trend is, we are also expanding our portfolio in the system design and analysis, which is a growing tab for us and also expand -- it’s a growing market, it’s a profitable area. And so that these three trends, which is one is the core semiconductor business is going to do well that helps IED and IP. Second, system companies are going to do more silicon. And third, our portfolio itself is expanding the system design and analysis, and all these three things can be help with AI and more automation and I don’t see that changing in the next five years, 10 years. So I think these are these are fundamental trends for a while that can help us.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And I know this is probably, it might be apples and oranges, but when I look at semiconductor companies, they are benefiting from raising prices and they see across the Board that their margins are getting better. Are you benefiting at all from raising prices on a like-to-like basis or is that not a factor when you look at the stronger growth and the acceleration this year, like, is there a level of price inflation that that is benefiting you in some ways also?
John Wall: Yeah, Vivek. Our revenue increase always comes from a combination of volume and pricing increases, and you see that happen over time on all of the accounts. Yeah, the -- I don’t know what else to say in terms of that, but everything has been -- all we, we just focus on continuing to provide more and more value to customers and they continue to provide more and more share of the wallet to us.
Vivek Arya: Okay. I guess on my question is, is the price increase this year different than what you have had historically?
John Wall: We have increased prices this year, but similar to the prior years.
Vivek Arya: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with the WestPark Capital.
Ruben Roy: Hi. Thanks. Anirudh, I just want to follow up on sort of the discussion around the core segments and certainly off your fast start and some of the other areas this year. I am just wondering, when you look at the especially the customized IC design, are you thinking that that’s an area of your business that is going to sort of -- get back to sort of the corporate type of growth rates or maybe underperform a little bit relative to some of these newer areas, whether it’s fabrication tools, system design and analysis tools, et cetera. Just wondering, I hear you the core business is still growing along with the semiconductor area. But it seems like some of your other businesses are set up to grow at a faster pace, am I thinking about that correctly?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. So I think on the question on the -- I think your question is on the analog -- the custom…
Ruben Roy: Yeah.
Anirudh Devgan: … analog…
Ruben Roy: Yeah.
Anirudh Devgan: …with signal business. And if you look back several years, that business has performed very well and continues to grow, because as we go to newer nodes, it’s not just the digital, but in the analog has to go to these advanced nodes. Now we have a pretty good position in the market there and so, I mean, that has grown I think slightly slower than maybe digital verification, but still has done pretty well over the last few years and I expect that to continue and there are a few things that are helping it also apart from the traditional analog design, I mean, there is more and more RF design. So our recent move into RF with the acquisition of AWR, that is well integrated with Virtuoso. And with 3D-IC and more and more, there’s a lot of activity still at mainstream nodes. So I think, overall, we are pretty pleased with that business and it’s still has a very healthy growth rate and continues to be also a fairly profitable business for us.
Ruben Roy: Okay. Understood. As a quick follow-up, Anirudh, given what’s going on. It’s great to hear, sort of the traction that marquee customers and large deals, et cetera. Is there an update on how to think about your cloud, the kind of the move to the cloud for some of your products or whether or not you are seeing some of your customers move to even a hybrid cloud situation or do you think, as we get more of these larger customers, is it still going to be, the vast majority of your business is going to be on-prem? I am just trying to figure out if that’s still a big initiative for the -- over the next few years?
Anirudh Devgan: Oh! Absolutely. I mean, cloud is a key initiative, and I think we have done this for several years. I think we were probably the first company to really invest heavily in the cloud and both from a customer managed cloud or a Cadence managed cloud and also a variety of business models, right? So, because primarily cloud allows more flexibility for our customers in terms of usage and business models. So, we have done this for several years and we are open to all kinds of possibilities. And it’s important to give choices to our customers and in some cases they use their own cloud platform, in some cases, they use our kind of cloud platform that we work with our partners in a more of a SaaS offering. And in some cases, like you said, they use hybrid, especially a really big customers if they have a -- already a good data centers internally then they use the hybrid cloud for like peak utilization and whereas some of the smaller customers are the newer startups may completely go to the cloud, okay. So I think we will see how the market evolves, but we are ready with all kinds of solutions and business models and do how the customers use those solutions. But I do see the smaller or the newer companies go more towards full cloud and more of the traditional companies go towards hybrid cloud. But in any case we are set up to service all these models for our customers -- to our customer, yeah.
Operator: Our final question comes from Devin Au with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Devin Au: Hi, John. Hi, Anirudh. Thanks for taking my questions. Yeah. Some double click on verification and China. Did you see any of the strength in these areas was maybe due to customers trying to buy ahead of any price increases or perceived inflation, just given the whole term macro backdrop?
John Wall: Yeah. I mean there is very strong demand, but we have such strong demand that there’s a waiting list right now for our hardware. We are building the hardware as quickly as we can. So the hardware that we delivered in China in Q1 many of those orders were pre-Q1 they were from last year. We have many, many more orders that we booked in Q1 that we will deliver later in the year, but we are flat out trying to build those systems as quickly as we can right now, demand continues to outstrip our ability to supply.
Devin Au: Got it. Got it, John. Maybe just one more for you. Nice raise to the operating margin for the full year. Where you look at first half margin, if my math is right it’s around 40%, 41% range. The guidance suggests operating margins with a little bit lower in the second half. Can you remind us on what’s mainly driving the mix shift? Is it mainly due to timing of investments or maybe hiring that’s more backend loaded?
John Wall: Yeah. I would characterize the second half guide as prudent. There’s lots of external factors playing out at the moment and we are very, very confident in that second half outlook. At the start of the year, we highlighted that we expected a strong start to the year with hardware. We didn’t want to extrapolate that into the second half of the year until we saw the pipeline sometime in the summer. But we have -- we are delivering those hardware systems as quickly as we can, the -- we will take a look at the second half outlook in the summer when we have a better visibility into the pipeline.
Devin Au: Got it. Got it. Thank you. That’s super helpful.
John Wall: Thanks.
Operator: I’d now like to turn the call back over to Cadence for closing remarks.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It’s an exciting time for Cadence with strong business momentum and a thriving semiconductor and systems industry offering tremendous market opportunity. We are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture we have built at Cadence. And on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers and partners for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jumyria, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please, go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Jumyria. I would like to welcome everyone to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 earnings conference call. I am joined today by Anirudh Devgan, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call is available through our website, cadence.com, and will be archived through March 18, 2022. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of the call today. Please note that the discussion today will contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about our business outlook, product development, business strategy and plans, industry and regulatory trends, market size opportunities and positioning, due to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today's discussion. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in today's earnings press release. And please note that our 2021 Form 10-K was filed about 1:30 today, Pacific Time. You should not rely on our forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. All such statements are based on estimates and information available to us at this time, and Cadence disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. In addition to the financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute or GAAP results. These non-GAAP financial measures are not based on any standardized methodology prescribed by GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures from other companies. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results in today’s earnings press release. Copies of today's press release dated February 22, 2022 for the quarter and fiscal year ended January 1, 2022, related financial tables and the CFO commentary are also available on our website. For the Q&A session today, we’d also ask that you observe a limit of one question and one follow-up. You may re-queue, if you would like to ask additional questions and time permits. Now, I will turn the call over to Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Cadence delivered outstanding financial results for 2021. As we exceeded our original growth target, achieving 11% revenue growth, 37% non-GAAP operating margin and operating cash flow of over $1 billion. Generational trends such as 5G, hyperscale computing, and AI ML are propelling the digital transformation of multiple end markets and fueling a golden era for semiconductors and electronic systems. With robust design activity providing a strong tailwind, we expect our innovative solutions to continue driving broad-based business momentum in 2021 and 2022, accelerating revenue growth and profitability. John will provide more details in a moment. Our Intelligent System Design strategy triples our total available market. And our compelling portfolio of chip, package, board and system design solutions, leveraging our computational software expertise uniquely positions us to capture a wide range of exciting opportunities. During the year, we significantly expanded our core EDA and IP solutions footprint with market-shaping customers, as new customers accelerated their adoption of our expanding systems portfolio. We deepened our partnerships with leading foundry, IP and cloud service providers and launched key strategic initiatives. Earlier today, we announced an exciting strategic partnership with Dassault Systemes that brings together Cadence Allegro and Dassault's 3D experience platform to provide virtual twin experiences for optimizing the entire value chain for electromechanical system modeling, design, simulation and product life cycle management. Central to our strategy is the relentless commitment to innovation. And in 2021, we introduced 13 significant differentiated products across our business groups that will be key to our future growth. Now let's talk about some of the product highlights for both Q4 and 2021. Our Digital and Signoff business had another strong year with 10% revenue growth. Deployment of our digital full flow, delivering industry-leading quality of results at the most advanced nodes continue to accelerate as more than 45 additional customers adopted it during the year. In 2021, we strengthened our relationship with Oppo, a leading mobile phone manufacturer in China with our digital full flow and an expansion of our system design and analysis products. We expanded our relationship with Socionext, who used our digital full flow, delivering the best quality of results to successfully tape out several advanced node automotive and hyperscaler design. Our transformative Cadence Cerebrus solution incorporates sophisticated ML technologies to explore the entire design space and intelligently optimize the digital full flow in an automated manner. Several leading customers are increasingly deploying Cadence series in production designs and gaining exceptional power, performance, area and productivity benefits, including a market-shaping U.S. automotive company that reduced the power consumption of critical 5-nanometer SoC AI blocks by nearly 10% in just two weeks. Additionally, a premier Asia Pacific system company reduced power of their 4-nanometer design by 10% with one-tenth the effort of manual optimization and then applied the Cadence Cerebrus-trained ML model to other designs, further improving their power and productivity. And Cadence Cerebrus enabled a marquee U.S. semiconductor company to tape out their next-generation SoC with a 5x productivity improvement on several critical blocks. Rapidly escalating system verification and software bring up challenges continue to drive heavy demand for our verification full flow solutions, delivering the industry's leading verification throughput. Our verification business grew 20% year-over-year, fueled by a record year for hardware. Our next-generation Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 platforms provide best-in-class solutions to address system verification and software bring-up challenges of complex multibillion gate design. Demand for these platforms that were launched earlier last year has greatly exceeded our expectations, as customers quickly embrace their superior performance, capacity and debug capabilities. The compelling value offered by the common front-end compiler led to more than half of our customers purchasing both Palladium as well as Protium platforms during the year. Our hardware family added over 30 new customers and over 100 repeat orders during the year, with particular strength seen in hyperscaler, mobile and networking vertical. Our verification software product, which includes the Xcelium Logic Simulator and Jasper Formal Verification Platform continue to proliferate, with Jasper having an exceptional year, adding 40 new customers with particular strength in compute and hyperscale. Today's complex memory and mixed-signal high-frequency design underscore the need for high-performance and very accurate circuit simulation. Our Spectre platform has been a long-standing leader in simulation tech solutions for analog and RF design. And now with the recent addition of Spectre FX, our next-generation FastSPICE simulator for memory and large SoC design, we provide the industry's most advanced comprehensive cross-domain circuit simulation platform. Several leading customers have already deployed Spectre FX on their production designs. Such as SK Hynix has successfully evaluated and deployed the Spectre FX simulation solution to improve their design methodology and productivity in DRAM verification. And Micron adopted Spectre FX simulators, as it gave very compelling phosphide simulation performance for accurate verification of the DRAM and flash design. In 2021, our IP business grew in multiple vertical markets, including mobile, 5G, hyperscaler and automotive. Our leadership DDR and PCI IP portfolio continue to proliferate at the 5-nanometer and lower process nodes, and our design IP portfolio had several wins at top customers, including a significant expansion at a marquee US semiconductor company. Our Tensilica DSP portfolio continued expanding its footprint in audio, imaging, computer vision and ML applications. And during the year, we introduced the Tensilica AI platform, delivering scalable and energy-efficient on device to edge AI processes. Pricing system complexity for advanced 5G, automotive, and HPC application is driving the need for a seamless platform solution across design, simulation and analysis. Our System Design and Analysis business that is driving our expansion beyond EDA continued its strong momentum, delivering 18% year-over-year growth. There is rapidly growing demand for sophisticated multi-die integration packaging solutions and our revolutionary integrity 3D-IC solution, providing tightly integrated system planning, implementation and analysis technology has been gaining strong customer traction. Our Integrity 3D-IC platform was recognized at TSMC's OIP ecosystem forum by winning Partner of the Year Award for joint development of 3D Fabric design solutions as well as winning a customer choice award for 3D-IC design. Last year, we furthered our system analysis strategy on building out a disruptive, comprehensive multiphysics platform by expanding into CFT domain through the acquisitions of NUMECA and Pointwise. The integration has gone well and we have added nearly 100 new logos, including competitive wins across multiple end markets, notably in aerospace and defense. We expanded our collaboration with Schneider Electric, a leader in digital transformation of energy management and industrial automation. As they standardize on Allegro X platform for PCB design, as well as adopting our Clarity Solution for system analysis.  In Q4, we significantly strengthened our partnership with EDI, with a wide-ranging expansion of our EDA product, along with deployment of our System Design and Analysis solutions, which will enable them to develop more complete end-to-end solutions for their customers. And Butterfly Networks leverage our Clarity 3D solver for advanced mobile ultrasound design. Lastly, usage of our Cadence Cloud portfolio continued to scale with over 250 customers using our solutions in the cloud. Cadence Cloud-ready products are enabling our customers to realize meaningful scalability, performance and productivity benefits through the availability of several flexible use models. Now, I will turn it over to John to provide more details on the Q4 results and our 2022 outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Anirudh, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report we exceeded all of our key operating metrics for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021. The underlying strength in demand for our essential technology and solutions continues to drive consistent growth across the business. A strong finish to 2021, combined with our relentless focus on innovation, customer success and inclusive employee culture and continued execution, helped Cadence to achieve revenue growth of 11% and the fifth consecutive year of non-GAAP incremental margin of greater than 50%, which contributed to an increase in our operating cash flow to $1.1 billion for the year. Here are some highlights from the fourth quarter and the year, starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $773 million for the quarter and $2.988 billion for the year. Non-GAAP operating margin was approximately 36% for the quarter and 37% for the year. GAAP EPS was $0.63 for the quarter and $2.50 for the year. And non-GAAP EPS was $0.82 for the quarter and $3.29 for the year. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Our cash balance was $1.09 billion at year-end, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $350 million. Operating cash flow in the fourth quarter was $216 million and $1.10 billion for the full year. DSOs were 40 days and we repurchased $61 million of Cadence shares during the year. Before I provide commentary for Q1 and fiscal 2022, I'd like to take a moment to share the assumptions embedded in our outlook. Our outlook assumes a non-GAAP tax rate of 17.5%. At the midpoint of our 2022 outlook, we are assuming our annual upfront revenue percentage will increase slightly from 2021 to 2022. This is primarily due to higher upfront revenue in Q1, resulting from a very strong hardware bookings finish to 2021. And finally, our outlook assumes that the export limitations that exist today will remain in place for all of 2022. Embedding these assumptions into our outlook for fiscal 2022, we expect revenue in the range of $3.32 billion to $3.38 billion, non-GAAP operating margin of 37.5% to 39%, GAAP EPS in the range of $2.46 to $2.56, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $3.70 to $3.80, operating cash flow in the range of $1.15 billion to $1.25 billion. And we expect to use at least 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares in 2022. For Q1 2022, we expect revenue in the range of $850 million to $870 million. Non-GAAP operating margin of 40% to 41%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.70 to $0.74, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1 to $1.04. And we expect to repurchase approximately $250 million of Cadence shares in Q1. Our CFO commentary, which is available on our website, includes our outlook for additional items, as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge the entire Cadence team for continuously improving our 3-year revenue growth CAGR and delivering over 50% incremental margin for 5 years in a row. As a result of the compounding impact of all their efforts, I am pleased that at the midpoint of our outlook, we expect revenue growth of 12% and over 38% non-GAAP operating margin for 2022. As always, I'd like to close by thanking our customers, partners and our employees for their continued support. And with that, operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator:  Your first question will come from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Q – Joe Vruwink: Great. I wanted to start in the past, Cadence has alluded to certain product segments maybe having a faster growth opportunity over the course of an upcoming year. I'm curious if maybe you could give an updated rank ordering. And I guess two questions. One, on maybe the growth a bit more towards verification in 2022, given the ongoing new product cycle you alluded to? And then maybe 1b to this question. Is there any region that might contribute outsized growth for Cadence over the coming year?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Joe, this is a great question and let me start and John can comment more. I think what I would like say is that, we feel that all business groups in all product areas and all regions are performing well at this time. So we feel pretty good where we are in the design activity we see. So we are expecting good growth across our portfolio. And I think we feel good how we are positioned.
John Wall: Yes, Joe, I would add to that, that if you look at the CFO commentary on Page 5, we've outlined the 3-year revenue CAGR by product category. I find that the most interesting view for me because it's typically 1 contract cycle with customers. And if you look at how we finish 2021, you have kind of strong double-digit growth across all lines of business with the exception of Custom IC, which is high single-digit growth. Looking at the guide that we have for 2022. I'm expecting slight improvement on all of those, for 2022 over 2021. The one I've hedged back a little bit with IP. I've got low teens growth in the guide for IP for 2022. There may be upside to that, but right now, I feel comfortable with low teens.
Q – Joe Vruwink: Okay. That's great. And then -- just on the outlook and maybe more of a midterm focus question, but if I leave 1Q aside, given the elevated upfront product contribution, it seems like the rates of growth for the remainder of the year are not too far from these three-year CAGRs. We're talking about 11%, 12%. As you kind of think mid-term, and we've gotten some midterm frameworks from some of your peers in the space. Would you expect Cadence to deviate that much from kind of these 11%, 12%, 13% rate of growth -- as you say, you seem to have quite a good degree of visibility? So it seems like it may be sustainable, but curious on your thoughts there.
John Wall: Yes, I can take that Anirudh. So on that, Joe, the -- yes, I think you're right to assume that. So we're expecting a very strong Q1. And we have a lot of visibility into core EDA. We continue to expect like double-digit growth there. I called out IP. IP, we typically aim for low teens. If you look at the three-year CAGR, we've achieved mid-teens in that, but we typically aim for low teens, because we're looking for the highest level of sustainable, profitable revenue growth there. I don't want to give the team the opportunity to walk away from some business if it's not the profitable nature we want. And then on system analysis, we've typically driven to kind of high teens there. Yes, I kind of expect that. The challenge is probably on -- in terms of visibility, it's on the upfront business. On the functional verification side, on the hardware side, it's tough to have visibility into the second half of the year until we get to the summer.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Charles Shi with Needham & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Shi: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my question. Maybe as we exit 2021, could the management team kind of provide us an update on how much of your revenue coming from system companies versus semiconductor companies. So how does that number stack up with the previous years?
Anirudh Devgan: Richard, I think what we say is that about 45% of our revenue is coming from system companies versus semi companies. And over the years, that has increased -- it used to be 40% now trending towards 45%. And as you know, there is more and more system companies doing silicon and semi companies are becoming more system companies and system companies are becoming more semi companies. So that is a good trend for us and for the industry. And the other thing is our product portfolio is also adding, as you know, more system design and analysis products, that makes us work more with the system company. So that's a trend that is positive, and I expect to be extra positive for Cadence for the future.
Charles Shi: Got it, got it. So maybe the next question is really to John Wall. I think, your first quarter guidance operating margin is well north of 40%. I know you have this metric that called out 50% flow through for the flow-through rate. As your operating margin kind of get to the 40% plus, at one point, your margin expansion, if you don't change that target, 50% flow through, it's going to moderate at some point. I just wonder, any thoughts, updated thinking here, when do you think you want to raise that flow-through rate? Thank you.
John Wall: Yes, Charles, good observation there. Yes. I mean, we're very pleased with the fact that operating – our incremental margins have come through at over 50% for 5 years running now. It's actually averaged 55% over those 5 years. And I'm delighted that the start for this year, I think the incremental margin that we've included or embedded in our outlook on the initial guide is the highest of the record incremental margin for Cadence on our outlook. So we're certainly targeting to try and drive that up to 50% and higher again for this year. But naturally, that as long as we're driving incremental margins that are higher than the underlying margin, we'll continue to see operating margin expand.
Charles Shi: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your Next question will come from the line of Jackson Ader with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Jackson Ader: Good evening, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. The -- on the system interconnect and analysis side, the growth rate in that product segment came down pretty steadily and precipitously through the year. So I'm just curious what gives you the confidence to kind of go from this fourth quarter growth rate in the low single digits back to that low double digits that might be embedded in the outlook?
John Wall: Jackson, this is John. That's one of the easier ones to forecast given that we're mostly recurring revenue in that segment. And like you said, we've embedded high-teen growth into the guide there. Like I say, most of this coming from recurring revenue.
Jackson Ader: Okay. Great. Easy enough. And then I guess on the partnership with Dassault, just curious what the commercial relationship will actually look like? And then also, I mean -- I guess I would have thought that maybe Cadence was already trying to kind of go from your PCB Allegro business to 3D electromagnetics. And so how does -- with your own organic solvers that you've developed. So I'm just like curious how this all fits together and what your organic electromagnetics business fits into the puzzle.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, that's a great question. And what I would like to say is, I'm really excited about this partnership with Dassault because this is like 2 leaders in their respective spaces coming together to address the problem that I think is becoming more and more important, and that's where the industry is going. So as you know, the market is moving towards a megatronics, combination of mechanical and electronic with software and data and talk and then silicon driving all these engines. And we – and then when you come from the mechanical side, right, whether it's a car or a washing machine or an airplane, the first electronics you see is the PCB. And then the chip, I mean on the package and the chip. So with Allegro with our position in Allegro, it gives us a great platform and then, of course, there’s a chip and a package solution and then with Dassault, they are the leader in 3D mechanical design and with product life cycle management. So this is a natural combination of doing a seamless integration of the data and also the application that span now from -- all the way from concept to design to manufacture. So it's truly a broad-ranging partnership and it's a multiyear partnership, and we are in the beginning of it. And to your specific question on electromagnetics, that's the one specific application that we have and we are developing, but there are a lot of things that Dassault does, which are completely orthogonal to what Cadence is and our plans are, things like 3D mechanical design, things like their leadership in product life cycle management. So I think, there's a good synergy between the two leaders coming together to address this whole space of mechanical plus electronic systems.
Jackson Ader: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks. Good evening. Anirudh, we've seen over the last 6 to 12 months, a quite material increase in semiconductor R&D spending for a number of the large semiconductor companies. We call it the great inflection in R&D. When we look at numbers from AMD, Intel, NVIDIA, Qualcomm and so forth, to the extent that EDA perhaps as a percentage of semi R&D has held steady or even increased in recent years. Would it be fair to say that a good part of this inflection in R&D has already been reflected in your business, hence, your $500 million increase in backlog over the past year? And this is what it accounts for at least part of your accelerated growth expectation for 2022. The second question, you've had a recurring theme in your technology development for the last number of years of commonality and integrations across the product line. Could you mention perhaps which of the integrations, whether organic or organic and acquisition might have been the most meaningful for you in terms of incremental business? For example, AWR and Allegro or anything else you might care to mention.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Jay, I mean, as you know, I think, we are -- like you said, the R&D spending is including semi and the other thing just to point out is, all the system companies doing semi design, okay? That is also adding to this -- and also, our portfolio is increasing beyond traditional semi to system design and analysis like we discussed. So I think all these factors are contributing to the strength. And I don't see any -- we see a lot of design activity continuing to be very, very strong across multiple regions, across multiple verticals. So we feel pretty good as to where we are and where the market is growing. On the second part of your question in terms of integration. So we always believe that we have to provide a complete solution. I mean, our industry has to move beyond point tools that used to happen 5, 10 years ago to more of these comprehensive solutions. And we have driven that across all segments, whether it's digital implementation starting from 2015 to verification for now system design and analysis. And also, at the same time, partner with the right leaders as it makes sense, like we did with MATLAB a few years ago and now with Dassault. Now in terms of return, I think there are a lot of areas which are growing. The whole 3D-IC and chiplet-based design, I think that's growing nicely and the whole notion of integrity and the overall solution together with analysis and implementation can provide a good factor. There's a whole hardware platform, Palladium and Protium with a common compiler and then integration with the rest of the verification suite, I think this still has a lot of legs to go a lot of growth can happen there. And then the third area I would highlight is truly excited is the Cadence Cerebrus and this integration of AI driving chip design. I think we are still in the early innings and results are phenomenal. And I think that can provide a lot of growth going forward. So just to pick like these 3 top things, Jay, to highlight with 3D-IC design being one of them, the whole verification and software bring up being another one and an AI-based design and Cerebrus being the third one.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. A clarification on the Dassault relationship. Would it be fair to say that it pertains to both your direct and indirect channels and perhaps both their direct and indirect channels?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. So Jay, this is a wide-ranging arrangement like you said, and it will start with enterprise and then go to the other parts of the market.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks Anirudh. Thanks John.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Pradeep Ramani with UBS. Please proceed with your question. 
Pradeep Ramani: Hey thanks for taking the question. Congratulations on the strong results. I had a question about the trajectory of margins through the year. It feels like very strong guidance in Q1, despite what you could argue is a very big hardware quarter. And yes, the full year margin guide at the midpoint is roughly 38.5%. So if -- is there something going on with the mix? Maybe it's a big IP back half, or is the guidance just way too conservative. I mean, can you help us sort of understand that trajectory? And I have a follow-up.
A – John Wall: Yes. Sure, Pradeep. This is John. I mean, effectively, what I've got in the first half versus second half is probably 50% revenue first half versus second half. But on the expense side, it's probably 49 and 51 because we've got -- we typically do our pay increases and our promotion cycle effective July 1. So you probably see something similar to last year where margins are probably higher in the first half compared to the second half, and then we continue to improve efficiency through the year so that we start the next year higher than we started the previous year. And then on the hardware side, on the upfront piece, I mean, that's certainly benefiting Q1. And it's just -- it's a pipeline business. So it's tough to see into the second half of the year. So the second half of the year may be conservative right now. I don't know.
Pradeep Ramani: And for my follow-up on hardware, can you speak to maybe where you are with respect to penetration? I mean, I get it that maybe visibility into the second half is not clear. But just in terms of penetration with respect to the installed base and maybe even your growing customer base, where do you think we are as of, call it, Q1?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, let me take that on the hardware business. I mean, I think there are 2 big trends, I would say, that are helping us. One is the market is growing. I more hardware-based verification and software bring up is increasing. And this is true for multiple verticals because as we said, like more semi companies become system companies, then more system companies become semi-company, of course, the reason there are system companies is they have a software stack, right? So you have to develop the chip and also bring up software. So I think one thing is that the overall market is increasing. The second thing, I think our competitive position is improving tremendously on top of that. So in the old days, we wouldn't participate that much in the prototyping side, and we are more on the Palladium side, but now with the combination of Palladium and Protium and these brand-new systems and we feel pretty strongly in terms of how well we are positioned in the market. So I think the market is growing and our position with Palladium and Protium together with the new system is pretty good. So I think that, it's difficult to predict in terms of -- like your exact question of how far into it, but it still appears to me that both of these are net positive. The market will continue to expand over the next few years, and we feel pretty good about our market position there.
Pradeep Ramani: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys. Hope, all is well. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a strong finish to the year and a strong start to the fiscal year 2022. I wanted to give a little bit of a pushback on your fiscal year 2022 guide. This is a first-class pushback, so don't take it the wrong way. If I look at your next 12-month backlog as disclosed in your 10-K, it's up about 18.5%. If you back out the extra week from fiscal year 2022, you just grew 13.3%. And so, how do the assumption that the backlog didn't increase as a result of the hardware sales you're expecting in the first quarter, why the conservative view on fiscal year 2022 revenue growth?
John Wall: So, Gary, okay, great question. But I'm not sure I followed the logic on the backlog growth, but there's nothing unusual about the structure of backlog. I think we have about 75% of the guide for next year's guide coming out of backlog. Now I know our backlog includes RPO plus the IP access arrangements. I'm not sure if you're looking at the RPO piece only or if you're looking at the full backlog number. But essentially, in round numbers, about $2.5 billion of the $3 billion, $3.50 billion is coming out of backlog. Is that what you're getting at?
Gary Mobley: Yes. I mean, that’s helpful. And we can talk more about it offline. But on a related note, going way back to the end of 2019, I think it was you and Lip-Bu sat down for whatever reason you're projecting a recession and you could be right for the wrong reasons perhaps. And you pulled in some license renewals in that late 2019 time frame. And now we're about two-and-a-half years past that mark. And so should we -- are we seeing now or should we expect to see some higher level of renewal activity, given that we're kind of at the two-and-a-half-year mark?
John Wall: Yes. Good question, Gary. I mean -- so generally, in terms of duration, it was typically within our normal range. We typically have -- most of our customers are predominantly on a three-year baseline contract. And then they'll do add-ons throughout the contract that co-terminate and that generally results in roughly two-and-a-half-year kind of average duration. And if you look over contracts, I think, we're always in and around the two-and-a-half years on a weighted average over kind of a three-year booking time frame. Yes, RPO was up, I mean, very, very strong finish to the year. We ended up at the $4.4 billion. And the only thing that was unusual, I called out in my prepared remarks because I wanted to make sure that you understood that there was a slightly higher kind of upfront revenue percentage in the guide than in the prior year. Typically, I mean we say, what, 85% to 90% of our revenue is recurring generally, which means that's, what, 10% to 15% is upfront. Last year, it was 88% was recurring, 12% was upfront in the 350, it's actually 87% recurring and 13% upfront, 1% higher in upfront revenue, but a lot of that's falling into Q1, and that's why we have a strong Q1.
Gary Mobley: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you.
A – John Wall: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question. 
John Pitzer: Yes, guys thanks for let me ask question. Congratulation results. John, maybe just to follow up on Gary's question and maybe to ask it a little bit differently. But if Q1 and the full year plays out as guided today, Q1 will be about 25.6% of full year guide, which is I go back in history would be the highest ever. And I know the linearity of some of the hardware stuff is falling in Q1. But is the SKU really such that this could be a historic year? And I guess as you think about visibility into the back half of the year, especially around some of the hardware sales, when would that start to materialize one way or the other?
John Wall: Yes, I definitely think it's going to be a historic year. I mean you can see from the guide in the in the CFO commentary that the 3-year CAGR continues to accelerate. I think we're -- with the 12% revenue growth embedded in the guide for 2022, our 3-year CAGR is naturally rounding up to 13%, when we achieved 12% this year. Now it's off of the back of a strong Q1. The second half of the year is tougher to predict for hardware. So that's why I kind of modeled it out at 50% of our revenue falling in the first half versus second half. If we see the demand continue to flow through into the second half, then that will take the guide up. But it's -- but it's tough to see that right now because typically our visibility in hardware and the pipeline is about 6 months. So I mean, that's basically how we constructed the outlook.
John Pitzer: That's I'm wondering if you could help me better understand the impact of AI in the design process. Couple of questions. What percent of the designs out there are intended impact of having more AI functionality embedded in design? Is it higher velocity, higher variety? Is it bringing down the entry cost for new customers? What would be the longer-term impact you see on the design business and the growth rate there?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, that's a good question, and you already have several key observations there in the question. So I think AI, we are still in the early innings, but the demand for Cadence Cerebrus and the AI solutions is phenomenal. Actually, at this point, we are engaged with almost all of our major customers. So I think if you look forward like 12 to 24 months, it's not a question – it will not be a question of who is using AI-driven design is like who's not using. So I think most of our top customers are moving towards that. And we are seeing phenomenal results. I mean, some of the numbers we mentioned like 10% power savings; 20%, timing. I mean these are numbers that you typically get when you move from one process node to another process node. And we are able to get these kind of improvement purely on results of better algorithms and AI and mathematics. So I think the value proposition is very well understood and recognized by all our customers. The engagements are there across all regions and across all verticals. And I think it's just like to give analogy to driving a car. Once you get used to more automated cars, people are not going back to driving cars the old way. So I think the new way will be AI and Cerebrus being the primary driver of how people will design chips. And the benefits are significant. And mostly in productivity to the customers, can do more things with the same number of engineers in PPA and also geographically, sometimes we have different skill level in different geographies and all that can be kind of made better with these Cerebrus kind of solutions. So I'm very optimistic. I think the demand is through the roof and the solutions are providing real meaningful results. So, actually, I expect almost all customers will move towards this as the way to run our digital full flow. And the other thing I would like to add is that, even though we started Cerebrus with digital, the similar technologies can be applied to other parts of the design flow. So overall, I think this can provide a pretty big benefit to the industry.
John Pitzer: Anirudh, not at the risk of getting you too far over your skis against a three-year CAGR that's been accelerating, does the addition of AI allow you to maintain the gains you've made, or does it actually open the promise of even a faster growth rate ahead?
Anirudh Devgan: I think the promise is there. We just have to see how much of the design process is taken over by AI. And, I mean, the other thing is that, the other good thing with Cerebrus is that, when we run these things, when a human is running, they run like one -- like, one experiment at a time typically. But when Cerebrus done it mathematically, we typically run 10, 20 machines in parallel and each of them may have like 16 CPUs or 32. So we're running hundreds of CPUs or thousands of CPUs and multiple design iterations in parallel. So it's not like driving one car automatically. It's like driving 10 cars automatically in parallel and finding what is the best way to get from point A to point B. So that naturally consumes more licenses, and I think its good value that our customers are getting. Now in terms of the CAGR and all, we just have to see. I mean, I think it's promising. We just have to see, and we don't want to project too much until we actually see what it's doing to the license counts and utilization? And what percentage of design teams are moving to a purely AI-driven flow. So I think we will update you more over the next 12 to 24 months. But the process is there, but we have to see the uptick, yes.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Gal Munda with Berenberg. Please proceed with your questions.
Gal Munda: Yes. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. And the first one, just let me piggyback on the Cerebrus stuff. Obviously, like you said, it's early innings, but just to try to understand how you capitalize on it in terms of contract size, does it increase your just contract size and negotiations, so basically further pricing, or do you actually include it as a new SKU that goes in and it's a direct uplift to existing contracts or it helps in the contract renewal? So, like, when do you usually engage customers on it?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. So that Cerebrus is a new product. So of course, we have to make sure that the base products are good and best-in-class, right? So the Innovus platform in gene is the whole digital flow. And then Cerebrus is additional capability and products that we provide to our customers and so its add on sale top of that. But I think it's important to make sure not just the AI part is good, but the base tool is also good. And typically, the customers will -- when they would run Cerebrus, they run multiple copies like I mentioned, of Innovus or our digital full flow.
Gal Munda: Yes, that's my question. Would it increase the usage of the core products actually because there could be more -- because in the past, you were limited by the number of engineers that companies have. so if it expands that does it widen the bottleneck and potentially they need more of the basic products as well? That's why I was thinking kind of does it get along together?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, absolutely. That's a great observation. So because when you run Cerberus mathematically, it is running like 10 or 20 experiments in parallel. And when you're running it manually, you are running 1 or 2 experiments. So naturally, it is increasing the use of the base product, like you mentioned.
Gal Munda: Awesome. And then just as a follow-up, obviously, you've been talking and seeing the systems segment growing – outgrowing the other segments and continue to post a great performance there. What kind of -- if you think about the verticals there, you made a little comment around the auto and the hyperscalers. And like what is the growth you see on the auto, for example, in that area? And like how -- maybe if you can give us an idea of how important Ulta is for you today versus other verticals?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, that's a good question. Now in general, Ulta has multiple aspects to it, right? There's the semiconductor design of it. And I think Cadence historically, because we have both, we have analog mixed-signal and digital verification. We have traditionally done well with the auto companies like the semiconductor ecosystem of the auto company, okay? Because we always had the broadest portfolio and auto chips are naturally mixed signal. Now I think as we have more of these new products like CFD or system analysis, auto is a very important segment for that, too, which is beyond just a semiconductor component. This is actual physical car and the electromagnetics and the thermal dynamics of that. And last quarter, we talked about, for example, Tesla being one of our key customers. So I think auto for overall system analysis market is a very important market. I mean, I think the 3 big markets there are our auto and aero and defense and then high-tech electronics, which includes, of course, the semiconductor and the hyperscalers. So I think all these 3 markets are important. And as we expand our system portfolio, we want to make sure we do well in all 3 of them, like, for example, pointwise, acquisition we made is particularly strong in aero and defense. So I think the -- to answer your question, we have been traditionally strong in the semi part of the auto and now with the expanded product, we have opportunity to engage on the overall auto including the mechanical and the system design. And also this partnership with Dassault amplifies that connection beyond semi to more system and software connection.
Gal Munda: Perfect. That’s very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question will come from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Anirudh, I'm curious, if this increase that a lot of the foundries are putting at the leading edge, is it pricing some EDA customers, perhaps out of the market or maybe making some customers stay at the N-1 node or be more judicious about the use of the most leading edge, because given the expense of going to it, just what is the correlation, if any, between the cost inflation, right, from the foundry side and the customers' willingness to engage with designs at the leading edge?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. So I think the way I would says that, I think, we always want to make sure we address the whole range of process technology. So we always are working at the most advanced nodes. And I think that's going very well and there is more and more investment in demand for that. And we are working at three-nanometer and most of the R&D like two-nanometer. We always were more than more, right, with traditional legacy nodes and then now with RF and 3D-IC. In 3D-IC and chiplet-based design, one of the key things is that, as you know, the customers and mix -- can mix process node, not everything has to be a 3-nanometer, maybe some chips are at 3-nanometer, some are at 7-nanometer. So I think the key thing from Cadence standpoint is to have a very broad solution that addresses the chiplet and 3D-IC part, the most advanced digital part and the mainstream legacy nodes. And as the customers make different choices, which is best for their end markets and economics, we are in a position to support them fully. So what I would like to say is that, I mean, there is more and more divergence of how the customers put the systems together with advanced node and legacy nodes and chiplet. And I think we are in the best position to provide the solutions for the entire set and that the customers choose how they want to use it and we'll be there to support them in whatever choices they make in terms of process node and foundries and design with the dollar.
Vivek Arya: That’s very helpful. And maybe a follow-up, if I may, for John, kind of two related questions. So, John, the earnings growth you're guiding to this year is 14%, but free cash flow growth, very modest, only 4%, I guess, CapEx is doubling, but very modest free cash flow growth. And kind of related to that, if you're essentially spending on half of the buyback allocation in Q1, does it mean buyback activity is kind of modest under the rest of the year?
John Wall: So on -- can you hear me? Yes. So on the buyback side, our first priority for cash is invest in organic R&D. And then to a lesser extent, it's kind of smaller tuck-in M&A that gives us an opportunity to accelerate our road map. But when we -- after that, we look at repurchasing shares and we look to use our free cash flow. Traditionally, we've been using over 50% or around 50% of free cash flow to repurchase shares every year. I expect that we'll do at least 50% this year. As I said in the prepared remarks, we're planning to repurchase $250 million worth of shares in Q1, and that's a lot more than 50%. And that's just we're taking the opportunity to repurchase shares at the prices that we see today. In relation to your observation on free cash flow, I mean, some of that’s the timing of cash. We received a lot of cash in the last week of last year, but also in 2022, we're picking up some additional or extra cash taxes. There was -- as a result of -- there was a provision of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 that went into effect on January 1, 2022, that required companies to capitalize and amortize or decost rather than expense those costs has occurred as incurred. That creates a bit of an extra cash or tax burden for us in 2022, and we've embedded that into the guidance.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of the allotted time for questions and answers. I would now like to turn the call back over to Anirudh Devgan for closing remarks.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It's an exciting time for Cadence as we enter 2022, with strong business momentum and a thriving semiconductor and system industry, offering tremendous market opportunity. Our intelligent system design strategy, relentless execution and customer-first mindset is driving accelerating growth as we continue expanding our portfolio with new innovative solutions. We are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture we have built at Cadence and are grateful for the recognition we have received over the years. And on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, for their continued trust and confidence in Cadence. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jumeirah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Jumeirah. I would like to welcome everyone to our third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. I am joined today by Lip-Bu Tan, Chief Executive Officer; Anirudh Devgan, President; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call is available through our website cadence.com and will be archived through December 17, 2021. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of the call today. Please note that the discussion today will contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to statements about our business outlook, product development, business strategy and plans, industry and regulatory trends, market size, opportunities and positioning. Due to known and unknown risks and actual uncertainties results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today's discussion. For information on those factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in today’s earnings press release. You should not rely on our forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. All such statements are based on estimates and information available to at the time and Cadence disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements except as required by law. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non- financial or non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered an isolation from or as a substitute for GAAP results. These non-GAAP financial measures are not based on any standardized methodology prescribed by GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures from other companies. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results in today’s earnings press release. Copies of today’s press release dated October 25, 2021 for the quarter ended October 2, 2021, related financial tables and the CFO commentary are also available on our website. For the Q&A session today, we would ask that you observe a limit of one question and one follow-up and you may re-queue if you would like to ask additional questions and time permits. Now, I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.  Cadence delivered strong financial results for the third quarter, driven by accelerating customer demand for our innovative solutions and continued solid execution by the team. Driven by the broad-based strength of our business, we are raising our financial outlook for the third time this year and are expecting about 11% revenue growth and 37% non-GAAP operating margin for 2021. John will provide the details in a moment for both our Q3 results and the updated outlook for the year. The data driven era is being fueled by generational trends like 5G, hyperscale computing, autonomous driving and industrial IoT that are accelerating the digital transformation of several industries. This requires continued innovation in key areas such as compute, connectivity, storage, and data analysis, which in turn is driving secular semiconductor growth and design activity across a wide range of end markets. Before I ask Anirudh to go through the business and product highlights for the quarter, I would like to remind you that I will be transitioning to the role of Executive Chairman on December 15, with Anirudh becoming our President and CEO at that time. It has truly been an honor leading Cadence for the past thirteen years. I’m very proud of the team’s accomplishments and grateful for the confidence and trust that our customers and shareholders have placed in us. Cadence is extremely well-positioned, and as I hand the baton over to Anirudh, I can think of no one better to lead the company through its next phase of growth and I eagerly look forward to him taking Cadence to new heights. While I will remain engaged with shareholders, that will be my -- this will be my last earnings call. Thank you very much for your continued support, and I will now turn the call over to Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you, Lip-Bu. Our Intelligent System Design strategy leverages our strong computational software expertise as we expand beyond EDA into new markets, and we’re uniquely positioned to capture the exciting opportunities that Lip-Bu talked about. As we execute to our strategy, we are especially pleased to see our EDA, IP and systems solutions being increasingly adopted by a growing number of systems companies. For instance, Tesla utilized a broad set of Cadence EDA software solutions and hardware platforms to enable the successful delivery of their innovative Dojo system. Delighting customers and accelerating growth requires a relentless commitment to innovation. This quarter we launched the Integrity 3D-IC Platform, Tensilica AI Platform, Midas Safety Platform and the Helium Virtual and Hybrid Studio. We have now introduced 13 significant, innovative products this year across all of our business groups, and these will be key drivers of our future growth. Let me share some of the business highlights starting with Digital and Signoff, which had another strong quarter with 18% year-over-year revenue growth.  Our digital full flow delivering industry leading quality of results at the most advanced nodes, continued to proliferate with market shaping customers, and was adopted by 13 new customers. We are very pleased with the growing momentum of our transformative Cadence Cerebrus solution, that incorporates unique reinforcement learning AI/ML technology, to deliver significant PPA, power, performance and area, and productivity gains. In addition to the Samsung and Renesas endorsements at the time of launch, several market shaping customers have added Cadence Cerebrus to their production flows and are realizing great benefits. As an example, a global mobile semiconductor company used Cadence Cerebrus on their manually tuned CPU design to reduce total power by almost 10% and improve timing by over 25% automatically in only eight days. Additionally, Cadence Cerebrus enabled a marquee mobile systems company to reduce the power consumption of their 4 nanometer design by over 25% and get over 10X improvement in productivity. We continued growing our business with hyperscaler customers, including a broad expansion of our EDA software with a marquee hyperscaler, that included a significant commitment to our digital products . Next, I will talk about our Verification business, which had a strong quarter with 13% year-over-year revenue growth. Growing system design complexity and need to get first time right silicon continues to drive strong demand for our Verification Suite, which provides a comprehensive solution across IP, SoC and system verification, hardware/software regressions, and early software development. This momentum is especially noticeable in our hardware business, where customers are deploying a significant additional capacity as they reap the performance, quality and productivity benefits of our industry-leading hardware platforms. Accelerating adoption of our new Dynamic Duo, the Palladium Z2 and Protium X2, led by hyperscaler and global marquee customers, drove the majority of hardware orders in this quarter. In Verification software, Xcelium-ML, our machine learning optimized logic simulator delivering up to 5X faster regressions, was adopted by marquee customers in North America and Asia. We launched the Helium Virtual and Hybrid Studio, a new platform that accelerates the creation of virtual and hybrid prototypes of complex systems, enabling early software bring up. Helium was endorsed by Nvidia and several other engagements with leading customers are underway. We also announced the Midas Safety platform, which is part of the comprehensive Cadence Safety solution featuring integrated digital and analog safety flows and engines for faster certification of safety critical automotive designs. Moving onto System Design & Analysis, I am particularly pleased that this segment which is driving our market expansion beyond EDA, continued to deliver strong double-digit growth, increasing revenue by 17% year-over-year, as we grew our footprint in several verticals including aerospace and defense and 5G communications. With 5G and AI/ML applications pushing silicon vertical limits, and transistor scaling slowing down, there’s an accelerated move to disaggregate SoCs into a heterogenous set of discrete die that can be integrated together with sophisticated packaging technology. Leveraging over two decades of pioneering packaging expertise, we’re very excited to have launched Integrity 3D-IC, the industry’s first and only comprehensive platform that ties together our best-in-class system planning, implementation and thermal, timing and power analysis technologies, along with a multi-technology database, all in a unified cockpit. This third-generation 3D-IC solution enables designers to achieve system-driven PPA with reduced design complexity and faster time to market, and we’re engaged with several leading semi and system houses, foundries, and packaging companies. Our organically developed system analysis products continued to make good headway, with Clarity, our electromagnetic 3D simulator, displacing the incumbent solution and becoming plan-of-record at a marquee hyperscaler. And Celsius, our electro-thermal 3D simulator, was deployed at a global marquee systems customer. Our recently acquired CFD solutions also delivered strong results, winning new business with several automotive, and aerospace and defense customers. And now before I turn it over to John, I wanted to say a few words about the upcoming CEO transition on December 15. On behalf of the Cadence Board and our employees, I want to thank Lip-Bu for his outstanding leadership and his numerous illustrious accomplishments over the past thirteen years, that have made a lasting impact on our industry and on Cadence. With his laser focus on creating a highly innovative and results-based culture, he drove a cultural transformation at Cadence that was rooted in customer and shareholder success, leading to trusted partnerships with market-shaping customers and delivering shareholder return of over 3500%. I am especially grateful to Lip-Bu for his mentorship and guidance and look forward to continuing our partnership in our new roles, as along with our talented team, we relentlessly drive to deliver strong business results and delight our customers and shareholders. Now, I will turn it over to John to go through the Q3 results and present our Q4 and updated 2021 outlook. 
John Wall: Thank you, Anirudh and thank you Lip-Bu. They say values are like fingerprints. Nobody’s are the same, but you leave them all over everything you do. Your impact on Cadence has been significant and will last for many, many years to come. It’s been a truly remarkable run over the past 13 years, and I feel blessed to have had the chance to work so closely with you. I’ve also heard it said that, legacy is not something you do for yourself, but it’s something you leave for the benefit of the next generation, and on behalf of all Cadence stakeholders, I’d like to thank you both for conducting such a smooth CEO transition. We haven’t missed a beat. Focused execution by the entire Cadence team, combined with broad-based strength across our product portfolio and customer base, drove another strong quarter of top and bottom line results. We exceeded our expectations for all key financial metrics, and we are raising our financial outlook for the year. Now let’s go through the key results for the third quarter, beginning with the P&L. Total revenue was $751 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 35.7%. GAAP EPS was $0.63, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.80. For the balance sheet and cash flow, cash totaled $1.014 billion at quarter-end, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $350 million. Operating cash flow was $296 million. DSOs were 40 days, and we repurchased $110 million of Cadence shares during the quarter. Next let’s turn to our updated outlook. Our outlook continues to assume that there will be no changes to the export limitations that exist today. For fiscal 2021, we now expect revenue in the range of $2.960 billion to $2.980 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 37%. GAAP EPS in the range of $2.36 to $2.40, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $3.24 to $3.28, and operating cash flow in the range of $975 million to $1.025 billion. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $745 to $765 million, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 35%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.49 to $0.53, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.76 to $0.80, and we expect to repurchase $110 million of Cadence stock in Q4. Our CFO Commentary, which is available on our website, includes our outlook for additional items as well as further analysis and GAAP to Non-GAAP reconciliations. In closing, I am pleased that revenue growth continues to accelerate with our three-year revenue CAGR now approximately 11.5% at the midpoint of guidance. We are expecting approximately $1 billion of operating cash flow for 2021 at the midpoint, and we are on track to deliver over 50% incremental operating margin for the year. As always, I want to thank our customers, partners, and of course, our employees for their continued support. And with that, operator, we’ll now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. And let me just start by extending my best to Lip-Bu. Maybe I'll begin with the next-generation hardware with simulation of prototype thing. I'm wondering, was component availability at all a factor in either meeting demand in the quarter, or does component availability factor in at all to the forward outlook, either in a good way catching up on maybe things that slipped this quarter or considering maybe demand getting extended into next year.
John Wall: Hi, Joe. This is John. Thanks for the question. Yes, we're delighted with the demand for our hardware verification systems and we're building the systems as quick as we tend to meet that demand. Yeah, we're very, very pleased with the customer reaction and like building the systems as quickly as we can. I'd say it's fair to say that demand is outstripping supply right now, but we're building as fast as we can and you can see it in the inventory number, inventory slightly up.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe more of a product or, strategy question. When you announced 3D-IC and the co-design that needs to happen between package and chips being stacked. Is it as simple when you think about the opportunity for Cadence as simple as customers adopting the new Integrity platform, or is it maybe broader than that? And this trend across the industry actually happens to impact, and kind of said multiple areas of the Cadence product portfolio.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. That's a great question. Let me take that. This is Anirudh. So, we believe that 3D-IC is the future, right? So the road to the future goes through 3D-IC for multiple reasons, which I mean, putting multiple chips on a package, mixed technologies ability to be to bigger and bigger systems. And I do believe that Cadence is uniquely positioned for that and it affects multiple technologies. Now some of it is because of our history. So you have had a leading platform in packaging for a while with Allegro and a leading platform in analog with virtual so for awhile, and then over the last five years, we have done very well in digital. And then, if you remember over the last two, three years, we have done lot of investment in system analysis. Like Clarity and Celsius are also critical for 3D-IC. Given that terminal is a big challenge when you put these things together. So, I believe Cadence is uniquely positioned. And with Integrity, put this altogether. And it's not just Integrity draws into the other parts of Cadence, like I mentioned. And then as a comparison when -- as we work with customers and leading foundries to do something similar in other products, it's not even one company can bring -- you need a three or four companies to do the same thing whereas if you come to Cadence, we have a comprehensive solution across multiple segments. So I think as 3D-IC takes more momentum going forward, I believe we are well-positioned.
Joe Vruwink: That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jason Celino from KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for taking my question. And Lip-Bu, it's been an absolute pleasure, glad to have you on for one more earnings call. So to my question, with the supply chain shortages, we've seen several different automakers, like Honda and Volkswagen announced intentions to design some of their own semiconductors, but we know that these design cycles are quite long and it's a multi-year investment. So how do we think about this as maybe an incremental dollar opportunity versus just market shift from customers taking some of those workloads in-house?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. Jason, first of all, thank you so much for the kind words. I encumbered the global supply change we monitoring the semiconductor global supply change very carefully. So far we don't see any slow down in our design activity across our customer base. And then as you know, our product is very much focused on the R&D engineering, designing that chip system. And so --and this is a multi-year approach. And I mentioned earlier, the generation's drivers have been really driving a lot of increase in the design activity. And then answer your question in term of automotive buy cycle, yes, you are absolutely correct it’s a multiple year increments and then lately, because of more and more electronics in the automotive. So we see a lot of design activity like autonomous driving. And I think Anirudh mentioned about the Tesla, autonomous driving, the AI chips and using our broad-based Cadence tool. That's one good example and many more coming. And so I think clearly we're excited about the automotive platform that will create opportunity in the multi-years to come.
Jason Celino: Okay. And then -- good -- thanks for that. That was helpful. And maybe my quick follow-up is, I think the automotive customers have been maybe the one more vocal, but are you seeing these type of trends in other industries as well in terms of the -- with that? Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. I think it's a very interesting, challenging opportunity time in this whole supply chain. Clearly in our part, the automotive industry is starting to become a very realized that in not the whole visibility to the supply chain and become very important for them. And so in different automotive company, they experienced different challenges in the supply chain, and we are here to help them in term of that design automation and the whole system level in a complexity of design and then time to market. And then, so we try to be available and be helpful to them as a design partner and then -- and also support them throughout this period. So, I think you are going to see more and more opportunity and the automotive is a big platform for us.
Jason Celino: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jackson Ader from JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jackson Ader: Great. Good evening guys. Thanks for taking my questions. And I'll just quickly echo all the kind words that have already been said about Lip-Bu. Yeah, congratulations and looking forward to continuing the relationship. So Anirudh, you mentioned that in the last few years, digital tools have been driving a lot of growth, and I think you also mentioned that a hyperscaler this past quarter significantly increase their digital footprint. I'm just curious, what tools or at least what parts of the digital design flow, just from a high level of synthesis place and route, what have you are actually driving the increase uptick maybe in the last 12 to 18 months in digital?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Thanks Jackson for the question. So I think as you know, like at lower notes, we're always believed that the integration of the whole digital full flow is critical. So that said, this is a place and route and signoff. So what we are pleased to see, especially in the last, let's say 12 months is, is a wider deployment of our digital tool flows. So we went back like few years ago, the engagement would start with Innovus and that was the leading kind of product that we would do well in. But now I think overall market has accepted our full flow and we see more and more signs of that. So that includes synthesis and signoff along with Innovus and that is becoming more the norm than anything else. So to answer your question, not only Innovus as well, but now synthesis and signoff, which is Genus and Tempus and Quantus, we are pretty happy with the proliferation. And I think that's the trend here to stay.
Jackson Ader: All right. Awesome. Thank you. And then, quick follow-up John, can we just get -- what is going on with backlog and the implied bookings it's really swung around a bunch this year, just curious if there were integration impacts or, what would you be reading into in terms of the implied bookings number this quarter?
John Wall: Yes. Jackson, thanks for the question. But I wouldn't read too much into it. Again, it's like the timing of contract renewals. We had a similar phenomenon in Q1. We would expect to end the year with a higher backlog and RPO than we started the year. And that's reflected as well. If you have a look at the margin guidance for Q4, margin guides for Q4 is slightly down on what we achieved in Q3 because of the impact of some hiring and an expectation for higher sales commission costs in Q4, because we expect a lot of bookings to come through in Q4.
Jackson Ader: All right. Awesome. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pradeep Ramani from UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Pradeep Ramani: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to get some more insight on the Verification team. It seems like the Verification for September was flattish to down a little bit versus June, and yet hardware seems to be doing well. So I read this interpret that it's more on the software side that you see maybe the let go then what might have been anticipated, or are used being constrained on the hardware side. And I just want to get a sense of ramp on the hardware side as well.
John Wall: Hi, Pradeep. This is John. We're absolutely delighted with the customer reaction to our new hardware systems. That's a -- and we're building in installing inventory as fast as we can to meet their demand. But I'd remind you that Cadence is part of the design cycle, but -- so I mean, it hasn't really impacted us too much with our customers that -- and then in relation to your comments on growth, we raised guidance for the year. We were very happy with growth. We were seeing accelerating growth. When you look at the three-year CAGR and I've called them out on the CFO commentary, it's rounding up to 12%, now it's approximately 11.5%. And that seems to continue to increase year after year. And that's reflecting strong demand across all lines of business.
Pradeep Ramani: Okay. And so my follow-up on, the digital IPs. I mean, it has been very strong. Are you seeing increasing competitor displacements, or is it more of a market being strong? Can you speak to maybe qualitatively on how you're sort of using digital IP going forward as well?
Anirudh Devgan: Well, it continues to do well, like you saw, and I think it's a combination of things. I mean, the market is definitely growing, because of all this digital connectivity, as you can see in these multiple domains. The market is growing and we believe that we are also taking market share. So I would say it's a combination of both these things driving our digital growth.
Pradeep Ramani: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Anirudh, both of my questions are for you, but first, on a personal note, Lip-Bu, it's been a pleasure working with you for the last 13 years. And certainly look forward to continuing the dialogue with Anirudh. So first question Anirudh, at the Cadence slides, Europe conference a week or so ago, Cadence said in one of your presentations that Allegro had recently undergone a major overhaul, which we certainly saw with Allegro X, the question is what's next in terms of anything you might be working on for an additional major overhaul. We do see this periodically in EDA, for example, Synopsys a few years ago, significantly ramped up its internal investments in synthesis and they launched their new version of DC. And I'm wondering, based on what seems to be your internal investment patterns, if you're undergoing a rejuvenation or reinvestment cycle for your synthesis or what else you might be able to talk about in terms of any major overhauls. Secondly, with regard to the ingredients you need to succeed with the computational software strategy, there was an interesting announcement two weeks ago of the relationship between Synopsys and Dassault. And I'm wondering if you see you’re having to partner more for both technical and channel expansion reasons to succeed in computational software.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Jay, both great questions. I think in terms of new kind of -- you said new products or revamp of existing products. So we are continuously looking at that in all the time. You want to make sure all our products are doing well. As you can see this year, we have launched 13 new products. Several of them are improvement of existing products like Allegro X or Sigrity X. So I think this is a continuous process. As you know, we have a very high investment in R&D compared to our peers. So we are constantly looking at that and you'll see more things come out, of course, as we go forward. On the second one, we are confident in our computational software strategy, that's delivering good results. I think we have lot of organic ability to innovate, which we demonstrated with Clarity and Celsius. And at the same time, we are definitely looking at a new partnerships that make sense, like you said, both on the product side and on the go-to-market side. So I think we will talk about them when they're ready, but Cadence always has a culture of partnering. We partner, for example, with MATLAB, that was a great partnership. At the system level, we partnered with National Instruments, then we bought AWS from them. We have partnership with Green Hills, so we're always looking for win-win partnerships and that continues to be the case going forward.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yeah. Got it. Thanks Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Gal Munda from Berenberg. Please proceed with your question.
Gal Munda: Yeah. Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Just this first one in terms of strong margin outperformance again, and then kind of thinking about for the rest of the year, maybe John, to you. You mentioned that a little bit it has to do with the timing, a little bit it has to do with investment, but we thinking about kind of sustainability of the margin performance. How much is it kind of inability, or maybe not being able to hire and invest as much as you'd like right now versus just the top line really driving the additional scale that you're seeing, if that makes sense.
John Wall: Yeah. Great, great question Gal. And we're back on track with hiring. I think our hiring performance has been really good and we're delighted to be recognized on so many of these top 100 places to work around the world. That's certainly helping us with our hiring activity. Yeah. On the margin side, it's really outperformance on the revenue side on like right across all our lines of business. We thought IP would have a soft middle to the year and it would recover toward the end of the year, started recovering a bit earlier that they had a strong finish to Q3 and we're expecting good things for them in Q4. On the hardware side, again, demand, customer reaction has been tremendous and demand is really strong there. And on the software side, all lines of business are performing really, really well. And like to say over -- if you look over a contract cycle over a three-year CAGR basis that we're continuing to see accelerated revenue growth. So on the operating leverage side, we're delighted with the operating margin performance. Second half of the year include some double up on expenses. We did an early retirement program. But I think the overall businesses is pretty much -- I mean, if you take out the one-time things, we're operating pretty much at the guide we've given for the year, which is about 37%.
Gal Munda: Gotcha. And then as a follow-up, just on the top line again, we mentioned -- you touched a little bit on the supply chain issues in the semis. And when you moved kind of through the year, you said it's incrementally affecting the business on the royalties. Now we're talking about the hardware demands being stronger than kind of the ability to supply. Is there a way to kind of quantify that from your perspective in order to kind of understand that the magnitude of the impact that's kind of demand is there, but we're kind of limited by the supply side?
John Wall: Yeah. There's a very small impact to us. Like saving the majority of our revenue comes from part of the design cycle. The chip capacity constraints that you're referring to is really impact the production side of the cycle. And that's where -- it touches us in terms of royalty revenue. I think last year royalty revenue for Cadence was around $50 million, but this year would be slightly lower than $50 million. But we'd expect that to recover again next year. Yeah. So the impact is pretty small. On the same -- then on the hardware side, we're happy with our supply chain and you see inventory growing a little bit. We talked a couple of years ago about moving from just-in-time to just-in-case in terms of our inventory management. So, we carry a lot of inventory. So we're -- I think we're well protected certainly for the next few quarters on the supply chain side, which we're very happy with where we're positioned right now.
Gal Munda: Right? I mean just to clarify, the royalties, nothing has changed over the last couple of quarters. Once you kind of said that the impact is -- they slightly down from last year, that's kind of consistent to what you said.
John Wall: That's right. That's right. I mean, there's -- our IP business is mix of licensing and royalty business, and chip capacity constraints from last year could feed into unit production this year and royalties are slightly down, but it's very, very small in terms of the impact of Cadence on our overall numbers.
Gal Munda: Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys. For different reasons, let me extend my congratulations for the next chapter for Anirudh and Lip-Bu. I wanted to start out by asking about the X2, Z2 products in the step function increase in processing power that these neutrals facilitate. And the way I understand it, it allows customers to not only bring up hardware, but also in parallel bring up software. And so my question is, can you give us a sense of the magnitude of how this increases the potential dollar opportunity with each customer engagement or, how it improves your sort of available market with this new software bring up capability? Thank you and a follow-up.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Gary, that's a good -- that's a great question. And you're absolutely right. I mean, the reason for doing also Protium X2 with having the same front end as Palladium is to expand our reach to more and more software bring up. And if you -- this quarter, when we launched Helium for the same reason. So, not only we can run RTL, but with Helium, we can run hybrid models, high level models with RTL, all this is for software bring up. And historically I think Cadence has done well in RTL, with Palladium, but not as well -- the market is growing more in the software bring up. And now we are doing pretty well with Palladium -- with the combination of Palladium and Protium and Helium for software bring up. So I think those are the market, of course, it’s difficult to quantify, but at a high level, I think the market opportunity is maybe one and a half to two X larger once you combine the software and the hardware bring up together. Of course, it takes several years to fully realize all this. But I think the market opportunity for Cadence with Protium, Palladium and Helium is much expanded because of the software bring up opportunity.
Gary Mobley: I appreciate that Anirudh. And perhaps this is for John, but I want to ask about navigating the China export restrictions. And maybe if you could give us a sense of whether any more difficult or any easier to obtain licenses to serve -- service those customers based in China. And then maybe gets a sense of what the various puts and takes are there for China revenue growth or lack thereof as we sit here in the second half of fiscal year 2021.
John Wall: Yeah. Gary, good question. Yeah. When I look at China revenue, I think it's probably easier to look at China over a two-year period because last year with the pandemic impact in the 53rd week impacting Q4, I think if you look at where we're on track for 2021, it's probably 30% CAGR in terms of growth in China since 2019. We're working our way through all the export controls and everything that we -- all the complaints that's required. And we have, and we will continue to comply with all export control regulations, but the situation is fluid and we have to continuously monitor it. But our outlook assumes everything that exists today remains in place today. We haven't predicted any changes that, of course, if there are changes, we would have to take another look at our outlook. But essentially for the sake of guidance, we just assumed that all export limitations that exist today for certain customers would remain in place for the remainder of the year. And then for 2022, we'll update you all in 2022 when we give you our year-end results in February.
Gary Mobley: Thanks, John.
John Wall: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Tom Diffely from D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Diffely: Yes. Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. So, Lip-Bu, I guess I've only been around for the last 12 years, but since then the stocks gone from $6 to $1.67. So, obviously very impressive, but I look forward to the interview taking it to 4,000 over in the next 12, 13 years. So, I guess, a question on the supply chain, from maybe a little different angle, what are you seeing in terms of capacity at the foundries? And just curious if you're taking steps to diversify foundry activity from either geographic or company specific reasons.
Anirudh Devgan: Well, let me -- yeah, that's a good question. I think, like Lip-Bu and John mentioned, we are more on the design side, so we are trying to make sure that we can serve all our customers as they continue to do all these designs. And in that process, we work with all the foundries, all the major foundries, of course, in U.S. and Asia and different parts of the world. So, we have a pretty healthy relationship with all the major ones and we are encouraged to see more investment in the U.S. So, with our overall position, Tom, we are pretty active with all the major foundries and we hope to continue that.
Tom Diffely: I was wondering more on the manufacturing of your chips that you design and build and put in your Palladium and what have you?
Anirudh Devgan: Okay. Got it. Yeah. So I think the current set of Palladium chips -- I mean, the Palladium has -- it’s a big system, so it has lot of chips that goes into it. And some of them we buy and some of them we make ourselves. So, the ones we make ourselves are made by TSMC, which is one of the leading foundries and we continue to work with them. And we are designing new systems, the next generation of Z2. And we always look at all the foundries, but overall, we are very happy with our foundry partners for the Palladium Z2 system.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Great. And then I'm curious, are you seeing an impact from COVID in any of the kind of mini regions that you participated in around the world from this manpower point of view?
Anirudh Devgan: I think it's fair to say that the impact was more like a few months ago. I mean, you still have impact, and we are still mostly, of course, working from home in several parts of the world. And we are slowly opening some offices. But in terms of -- we had a big impact in India a few months ago, I think that has thankfully improved and so it's become more of the norm now and we just continue to work through it. So, no new things, I think in the last three months.
Tom Diffely: Great.
Anirudh Devgan: Our return to work was delayed a little bit, because of Delta. So, we hope to take that up early next year, but other than that, we are working through all the COVID issues.
Anirudh Devgan: Great. Okay. Thank you, Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
John Pitzer: Yeah. Good afternoon guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question and I'll add my thanks and congratulations to Lip-Bu. My first question, John and Anirudh is really on that three-year CAGR acceleration. And John, I know we've got to wait another 90 days before you give us a full outlook for calendar year 2022, but it's impressive that you guys have seen this acceleration over the last two years in the midst of sort of a global pandemic. And if you look at Street consensus numbers for next year, they've got growth that goes back to that high single digits. And yet you talked earlier about demand outstripping supply. Just wondering if you think these double-digit CAGR are sort of here to stay. And if so, to what extent is this sort of the fruits of your labor in some of your SAM expansion efforts versus some of the dynamics of the core business?
John Wall: John, that's a great question. I think the nature of our revenue model is such that I wouldn't expect any dramatic changes in our three-year revenue CAGR because 85% to 90% of the revenue is recurring in nature. So, I mean, when we calculate three-year CAGRs by the end of 2022, we'll be including 2020 and 2021 in that. But -- so you're not going to -- you shouldn't really have a dramatic change. But I think if you have a look at the CFO commentary, you'll see the kind of step function that we've seen over the last few years, it's been slowly accelerating, but it's pleasing to see that it continues to accelerate. And that we're just up over 11.5% now. So we’re running up to 12% this year. So very, very pleased with the way the business is going. Again, we will refrain talking anymore about 2022, until -- we need another 90 days just to get through -- just to get through Q4 for that. But yeah, very, very pleased with the way it's going and because of the recurring revenue nature of so much of our business, I wouldn't expect the three-year CAGR to change pretty much.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And Anirudh, I'd love to get your thoughts. Clearly the U.S. and Europe had to have, I guess, rediscovered how strategically important the semiconductor business is. And you're seeing sort of this push to regionalization of supply, but it's not just about manufacturing. I think that world governments are going to incentivize sort of IP domestically as well. And so, I'm kind of curious if you guys have kind of thought through or could help us think through what you think the impact to your business will be from things like the chips act and similar legislation that's trying to make its way through the EU right now.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, that's a good point. And we are eagerly awaiting all the details. But if you -- as you know, and the chip side there is funding for manufacturing, but there's also funding for R&D and then as you said, it's not just the hardware or the other manufacturing spend. It's also the IP and the software that enables all these themes. So I think we are optimistic about all this investment in different parts of the world, but I think the details as you know still have to be sorted out. But overall, we have a strong portfolio in multiple geographies. So, as there is more investment in U.S. and Europe, I think that that is a systematically positive for …
John Wall: Yeah, John, that's a great indication. I am sorry. That's a great indication of all the design activity that's going on. I mean, we're seeing strong secular demand across all these generational drivers. We have a great strategy, great portfolio and solid execution that -- and everything you mentioned kind of just indicates more design activity globally, and that's good for Cadence.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Charles Shi from Needham & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Shi: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. So, I want to go back to your prepared remarks, you mentioned about Integrity, 3D-IC being the industry's first and only comprehensive platform for3D-IC, but a few days ago, your competitor put out the press release. They said their product is a complete end to end solution. I just wonder how do I kind of reconcile the two different comments around these two competing products. And in addition, your competitor, Synopsys they announced a strategic collaboration with TSMC, yet folks obviously we did not see a similar press release coming from you guys right ahead of TSMC opening that innovation platform forum, which will start tomorrow. So, kind of kind of wonder what -- how your positioning and what’s the progress of Integrity 3D versus your competing platform? Thank you.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Thank you. That’s a good question. So, in terms of Integrity, like I said in my remarks, I think we are pretty confident of our position. And you know lot of the 3D-IC thing, it’s not one thing, it’s a combination of lot of things. So, for example, some 3D-IC systems are more package based, some are more package technology based. Some of them are more interpolar based, which is a more digital technology, but all in all, Cadence is the most unique platform. We are leadership in packaging with Allegro, with analog in Virtuoso, with digital in [indiscernible] and all the analysis tools with Clarity and Celsius and they are all integrated and best of class solutions. So, we are pretty confident of our position and the response we are getting. And to your question with TSMC, TSMC is a great partner of Cadence. And we are working with them on a variety of things, including integrity 3D-IC. And actually to give you, example, one of the leading mobile customers did a 3D-IC solution with that with us and TSMC. And one of the key things there was the thermal profile and they used Celsius to do silicon validation that Celsius is accurate for 3D-IC temperature simulation. So, I think 3D-IC is going big. And it requires multiple products and multiple implementation flows, and we are pretty confident in our position.
Charles Shi: Thank you, Anirudh. And maybe a second question. Not sure if this has been asked before since I recently just started following you guys. I want to ask a question about Intel, that the Intel IBM 2.0 strategy. I know you probably don’t want to be too customer specific about that turnaround offered by Intel is too material more in my opinion. Any thoughts on how Cadence can do to support Intel’s turnaround efforts over the coming years. And if you don’t want to comment Cadence specific maybe give us some color at the industry level? Thank you.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah. Thank you for the question. I think Intel -- we are glad to do more with Intel. Actually they have the Intel foundry announcement and also some new programs like Ramsay with the government. And I’ll just quote what is already public by Randhir, who is the Head of Intel Foundry. He says along with our customers and ecosystem partners, including IBM, Cadence, Synopsis and others, we will bolster the domestic semiconductor supply chain. So, this is official comment from Intel, and I think we let them speak for the strategy, but we are glad to do more with Intel. Thank you.
Charles Shi: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. And congrats and best wishes to Lip-Bu and Anirudh from my side as well. For my first one, on your NUMECA and Pointwise acquisition and just kind of the general expansion into System Analysis and CFD, could you give us a sense how big is it today? How big can it be over the next one year, two years? And importantly, when does that start becoming accretive, right, to the 11% -- 11.5% kind of growth model that you have?
John Wall: Yeah. We are very pleased -- I am sorry Anirudh.
Anirudh Devgan: No. Go ahead John.
Anirudh Devgan: I’m just saying we’re very pleased with the M&A integration for NUMECA and Pointwise, but not hugely significant from a revenue standpoint right now, but we would expect them to be accretive next year.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And then maybe as a follow-up, I think John, you mentioned some higher costs in Q4, are they one-off costs or do they become kind of the baseline as we start thinking about OpEx for next year?
John Wall: Yeah. Great question. I mean, slightly -- I expect slightly higher cost in Q4 versus Q3 partly due to -- we did a bit of catch-up in hiring in Q3. And of course, anyone we hired in the second half of Q3 will have a full quarter of their expense in Q4 where you didn’t have a full quarter of expense in Q3. So, slight uptick for that. And then secondly, I expect a little bit more on commission costs because we expect bookings to be stronger in Q4. Because I would anticipate that we will finish the year with a stronger RPO then we started the year. So, we’re expecting a good bookings quarter in Q4, which will add a little bit of commissions expense and then also we have slightly higher T&E impact than forecasted.
Vivek Arya: That continues into Q1? I know you’re not giving Q1 guidance, but all else being equal, does that become kind of the baseline for going into Q1?
John Wall: Yeah. I feel very good about the continuing operating leverage. So, I don’t think there’s any near term ceiling on operating leverage. I mean, you will see that we’re up to 37% now, but it’s the fifth year in a row that we’ve delivered more than 50% incremental margins. So, every dollar revenue growth from 2017 until now we're dropping through more than $0.50 of that revenue growth through to operating income. So, as long as we're delivering incremental margins of over 50% that operating leverage will -- should continue to rise.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Thanks very much.
John Wall: Thanks.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn it back over to Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. It is an exciting time for Cadence with growing market opportunities and strong business momentum. Our intelligent system design strategy is playing out very nicely, as we benefit from new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence, and an expanded total addressable market. We are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture that we have built at Cadence and are grateful for the recognitions we’ve received over the years, including most recently being named as One of the World’s Best Workplaces for the sixth time by Fortune and Great Place to Work, as well as being named to Newsweek’s List of Most Loved Workplaces for 2021. And lastly, on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank our customers and partners for their continued trust and confidence during these unprecedented times.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jumeirah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Jumeirah. I would like to welcome everyone to our second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. I am joined today by Lip-Bu Tan, Chief Executive Officer; Anirudh Devgan, President; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call is available through our website cadence.com and will be archived through September 17, 2021. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of the call today. Please note that the discussion today will contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to statements about our business outlook, product development, business strategy and plans, industry and regulatory trends, market size, opportunities and positioning. Due to known and unknown risks and uncertainties actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in today's discussion. For information on those factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in today’s earnings press release. And by the way, our second quarter 10-Q was filed about 4:15 Easter Time today, so it’s out there. You should not rely on our forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. All such statements are based on estimates and information available to at the time and Cadence disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements except as required by law. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered an isolation from or as a substitute for GAAP results. These non-GAAP financial measures are not based on any standardized methodology prescribed by GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures from other companies. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results in today’s earnings press release. Copies of today’s press release dated July 26, 2021 for the quarter ended July 3, 2021, related financial tables and the CFO commentary are also available on our website. For the Q&A session today, we would ask that you observe a limit of one question and one follow-up and you may re-queue if you would like to ask additional questions and time permits. Now, I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Cadence delivered outstanding financial results for the second quarter as broad-based customer demand for our innovative solutions drove stronger than expected revenue growth, profitability, and cash flow. We are significantly raising our financial outlook for the year, highlighted by a $40 million increase in revenue guidance, or 10% year-over-year revenue growth. John will provide the details in a moment of both our Q2 results and updated outlook for the year. Before I get into more details for the quarter – about the quarter, I would like to talk about CEO transition news that we announced earlier this afternoon. We announced Anirudh Devgan, our President, will take over as CEO on December 15, 2021, and I will transition to the role of Executive Chairman at that time. It has been a privilege to serve as a CEO of Cadence for the past 12-plus years. Over that period, I’m very pleased that we instilled a sustainable culture centered on leapfrog innovation and customer delight, watched very close partnership with our customers and partners and built an extremely talented Cadence team of over 9,000 employees. Cadence is now firmly established not just as a top end-to-end EDA provider of choice, but a company that is well on its way in expanding beyond EDA, while executing our exciting ISD strategy that triple our TAM to $30 billion. The Board and I are very excited that Anirudh will become CEO in December and we cannot think of anyone more uniquely qualified to lead Cadence to even higher heights. He is a proven leader with both strategy vision, a relentless focus on innovation and execution, and passion for driving customer success. Over the past four years since he became President, Anirudh and I have jointly led the Company, and the Board and I think this is the right time to execute the next phase of our succession plan and hand over the baton to him. You can expect to see a lot of continuity going forward as we build this transition as more of a formalization of our current responsibilities. As Executive Chairman, I will focus more on new market opportunities, key strategic initiatives and deepening our relationship with customers and partners and on maximizing shareholder value. And now, let me move on to the business highlights. Generation trends such as 5G, hyperscaler and autonomous vehicles underpined by AI, machine learning, and data analytics are accelerating the digital transformation across multiple industries. With semiconductors at its foundation, these trends are driving strong design activity across a growing spectrum of semi and system companies and we are very well positioned for this to be sustainable long-term growth drivers for us. Delighting customers and accelerating growth requires relentless commitment to innovation. With the launch of the four new products, we have now introduced eight significant innovative products so far this year across all the business groups and will contribute to future growth. We continue to expand our business with market shaping customers. And our differentiated solution led to a broad-based expansion of our partnership with Samsung, including proliferation of our digital full flow. It was an outstanding quarter for our digital and signoff business with revenue growing 16% year-over-year. Our digital full flow delivering industry-leading quality of results at the most advanced nodes adding 13 new customers that included key competitive displacements by expanding significantly at several market shaping customers. Noteworthy among them were a large U.S. data infrastructure company, further expansion of a marquee U.S. aerospace and defense firm, a major Asia-Pacific hyperscaler and an exciting AI start-up. We have been steadily incorporating cutting-edge AI/ML technology into our solution. And we significantly advanced that with last week’s introduction of new Cerebrus Intelligent Chip Explorer. Cerebrus unique reinforcement learning model increased effectiveness with each use and enables to 20% PPA improvement and 10x productivity gain. Cerebrus was endorsed by Samsung and Renesas, and several customers have realized meaningful benefits across multiple process nodes and end-application. It was also a great quarter for our verification business with 23% year-over-year revenue growth. Our verification suite comprising of best-in-class engines and delivering the best verification throughput saw continued strong customer adoption and expansion at several leading customers. Secular demand for our hardware continued unabated, leading to best Q2 ever for our Palladium and Protium platforms. There is a robust customer interest in the new Z2 and X2 systems with sales ramping nicely, while sales of Z1 and X1 remain strong. Our hardware family had 15 new orders and over 65 repeat orders in the quarter, with the three largest transactions being with hyperscalers, and included our largest Protium transaction to date, which was for new X2. Strong momentum continued for our System Design & Analysis segment, with 20% year-over-year revenue growth. We expanded our system footprint with multiple verticals, including aerospace and defense, 5G wireless and communications. Growing system complexity for high frequency applications is driving the need for an integrated platform solution across system design, simulation, and analysis. As we continue building out our systems portfolio, we are pleased to see earlier indication of customer increasingly choosing a broader set of our solution across these domains. For instance, in Q2 a large U.S. data infrastructure company made a significant commitment to our PCB, IC packaging, RF, and system analysis solutions. We introduced our next-generation PCB and IC packaging design platform, Allegro X that provides a unified engineering platform incorporating innovative machine learning techniques and delivering up to 4x improvement in overall design team productivity. AWR and Integrand had a record quarter and the integration of our recent NUMECA and Pointwise acquisitions is progressing well. We have added several hundred systems customers as we enhance our go-to-market and channel organization to help accelerate our business. Next, I want to make a few macro-level comments. We continue to monitor the ongoing semiconductor supply chain situation. As I reported last quarter, so far we are not seeing any slowdown in design activity across our customer base. Unfortunately, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve in an unpredictable manner, with overall progress being threatened by new variants. As always, the health and safety of our employees, customer and partners is paramount and we will continue doing what is in their best interests, while working closely with local regulatory agencies. Now, I will turn it over to Anirudh to say a few words.
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you, Lip-Bu. I’m very honored and humbled to be appointed the next CEO of Cadence and I am deeply grateful to the Board and Lip-Bu for their confidence in me. I’m also very thankful to Lip-Bu for his mentorship and guidance over the years and I am excited to continuing partnering with him in our new roles. Generational industry drivers and rapidly-unfolding digital transformation across several industries present an enormous opportunity for Cadence, and I strongly believe we couldn’t be better positioned to seize this opportunity. Our intelligent system design strategy lays out a very exciting growth path as we enhance our portfolio to serve a growing set of customers. Our highly innovative solutions have led to a very strong foundation in core EDA and IP and to our early successes in the system and AI/ML segments of our strategy as we expand into large, fast-growing adjacencies. I enthusiastically look forward to working with our talented team to accelerate our growth strategy, while relentlessly driving to deliver strong business results and delight our customers with breakthrough innovation, execution, and unparalleled support. I also look forward to furthering our collaborations with customers and ecosystem partners and deepening the engagements with you, our valued shareholders. Thank you, and I will now hand it to over to John to go over the financial highlights.
John Wall: Thanks, Anirudh, and congratulations to you and Lip-Bu on your new roles. This is a great day for Cadence. Good afternoon, everyone. I’m pleased to report that we exceeded all of our key financial metrics for the quarter, with broad based demand for our innovative solutions driving stronger than expected revenue growth, profitability, and cash flow. As a result, we are raising our financial outlook for the year across all key metrics. Before getting into the numbers, I’d like to say a particular thank you to our India team. As we all know, India was particularly hard hit by the pandemic in Q2, and we are deeply grateful to our India leaders for going above and beyond the call of duty, to put people first. We commend them for their heroic work in helping the local relief efforts and it’s reassuring to see the situation in India improve over the past few weeks. Now, let’s go through the key results for the second quarter, beginning with the P&L. Total revenue was $728 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 39.5%. GAAP EPS was $0.56 and non-GAAP EPS was $0.86. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. At quarter-end, cash totaling $847 million, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $350 million. Operating cash flow for Q2 was $380 million. DSOs were 49 days. And during Q2, we repurchased $220 million of Cadence shares. Before I provide our updated outlook for fiscal 2021, I’d like to take a moment to share the assumptions embedded in our outlook. We continue to expect that our NUMECA and Pointwise acquisitions will be slightly dilutive this year before becoming accretive next year. Our hiring plans in the first half were delayed by the COVID situation in India, but our outlook currently assumes we catch up on much of that delayed hiring activity in the second half. Our outlook for the second half includes the cost of salary and promotion increases for the broad employee base. Those salary increases and promotions were generally effective from July 1. And finally, our outlook assumes there will be no changes to the export limitations that exist today. Embedding these assumptions into our outlook for fiscal [Audio Gap], we expect, revenue in the range of $2.925 billion to $2.965 billion, non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 36% to 36.75%, GAAP EPS in the range of $2.15 to $2.21, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $3.14 to $3.20, operating cash flow in the range of $925 million to $975 million, and we expect to use at least 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares in 2021. For Q3 2021, we expect revenue in the range of $730 million to $750 million, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 34%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.48 to $0.50, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.74 to $0.76. Our CFO commentary, which is available on our website, includes our outlook for additional items, as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, Cadence delivered another quarter of strong revenue growth and expanding profitability, and we’re pleased to raise our outlook for the year. I would like to close by thanking our customers, partners, and our hardworking employees for all that they do, and I’d like to remind them all, that their health and safety continues to be our first priority. And with that, operator, we’ll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Anirudh, let me start with you, and then my follow-up for Lip-Bu. With regard to last week's product announcement of Cerebrus, the application of AI/ML and EDA, it would seem fair to say that that's perhaps the most significant methodological events in EDA, since the days of Synthesis, place and route 20 years or so ago. The question I have for you is Cerebrus extensible to your non-digital businesses, such as Custom and PCB and your new computational software additions? And similarly, to the extent that there's a growing design trend towards specialty or domain-specific design because Cerebrus have to be tuned to an increasingly specialty chip market. And then for Lip-Bu, the follow-up is, in your keynote last month, at Cadence slide, you listed all your market opportunities such as 5G, IoT, and so forth. Interestingly, you referred to hyperscaler market as, ‘the most exciting’, could you explain why you said that? And was that just circumstance for the Q2 or was that an ongoing view of the world?
Anirudh Devgan: Jay, let me start. Thanks for the question. And we are really truly excited about Cerebrus. I believe Cerebrus is a fundamental breakthrough using reinforcement learning to basically drive our digital flow. So, I mean, Genus, Innovus, Tempus can give great quality of results, but the designers still run them, and based on their intuition, run them again and do the design that way. And Cerebrus can do that much more – in a much more mathematical way, to explore the design options and parameters. And we announced that last week, as you said, and some of the results or some of the endorsement, for example, Samsung said, they got 8% power improvement, and this could be done in days versus months, and Renesas that - said that they got 10% improvement in frequency.  So, these are definitely very promising results. I mean, it's still early. We're continuing to work with more and more customers. But so far, we are happy with how well Cerebrus is performing. And these are based on fundamental, kind of new optimization methods. And one thing I would like to remind you is that we have a lot of expertise in computational software, and a lot of it can be applied to AI. So, it's still early days, and I think these can be definitely applied to other areas. So, for example, they also announced Allegro X, couple of months ago, and that also has new machine learning technology to try and more automate in a place and route for PCB. So, I think it's still early days, but we are very pleased by what Cerebrus can do, and application of AI/ML in general to EDA and to simulation and system design.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, Jay, the second question that you have in terms of my keynote on the – we are very excited about this high generation ways that drive a lot of significant design and activity, and I call it as silicon renaissance. And not because I think clearly, this five generation are driving a lot of innovation. And one particular one I call out is a hyperscaler. Because as you know, the data is explosive. And then that hyperscalers, they are really tied to scale their infrastructure in terms of network, storage, and the workloads have changed and moved towards more in a domain-specific – application specific application.  So, there's a lot of different processes required. And that drive a lot of innovation, a lot of design activity, and that fits in very well with our Cadence ISD intelligence system design strategy, that besides a silicon, besides the IP, the move up into the system innovation that tie in very well to Anirudh mentioned above this whole system modeling, system analysis and RF packaging, and all this going to be a lot of new requirements. And that's why we are very well positioned to capture this opportunity. And it's a double-digit growth opportunity for us.
Operator: Your next question is with Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Mobley: Hey, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. Let me start off by congratulating Lip-Bu and Anirudh for all that you've accomplished in your careers at Cadence as a team, and as well your next roles. My – I want to start with a multi-part question on the backlog metric, it was nice to see the improvement. And I think you were expecting an improvement from where then in the first quarter, might receive some further improvement for the balance of the year in that backlog metric into what extent was that backlog metric helped or hurt by average license terms or in other words, the duration adjusted backlog metric? And to what extent has it been held back by some – your decision back in late 2019, early 2020 to renew some key accounts prior to expiration?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, Gary, I can take that one. In – taking the last part of your question first, I don't think our decision to renew some business early back at the – this like the start of 2020 has an impact, because typically our, customers are on like three-year renewal cycles for their base contract. In relation to RPOs, I think that's what you're referring to, RPOs bounced back a little bit. But as you recall, Q1 was a light renewals quarter for software, Q2 was a heavier renewals quarter for software, but the annual value of those contracts in Q2 jumped and that allowed us to raise our guidance for revenue for the year. But yeah, so all lines of business were performing really well. And I think I said on the last call this, we thought that the decline in RPOs in Q1 was a temporary phenomenon and we expect it to climb back and improve throughout the year.
Gary Mobley: Okay. And my second question relates to China. John, I think you mentioned last earnings call that you would expect, sort of a normalized level for China-related revenue, about 12% of this year's revenue, which would imply really low-double-digit percent year-over-year decline in your China business, but it trended well in the second quarter. So, my question to you is, are you still a little bit cautious with respect to your China revenue this year? Or is that 14% China mix in the second quarter perhaps indicative of where you might land for the full-year?
John Wall: Yeah, I think it's the latter, Gary. I think, we saw a very solid second quarter and an uptick in China business. I was cautious in the first quarter because last year, we benefited from higher than average upfront revenue mix in the second half in China and that contributed to, I mean, close to 70% growth last year, which is a really tough comp to lap. So, I was being careful with the guide. But now having seen the strength in Q2, I think one of the sales guys told me that Q2 was the best Q4 we've ever had. But they were really impressed with the strength of bookings that were coming through. But I think we feel much more confident in the region. And there is broad-based strength across all the bookings activity in Q2. So, yeah, I think that the year is probably going to be more like Q2 than Q1.
Gary Mobley: Thanks for the color.
John Wall: No worries.
Operator: Your next question is with Gal Munda from Berenberg.
Gal Munda: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. So, the first one is just, kind of touch a little bit and this trend that you've seen on the digital side, specifically, you mentioned 13 new customers, you mentioned some competitive displacements, I guess, wanted to kind of [repeat, zoom out] a little bit and think about what's really driving the growth between the competitive displacement and just a very, very healthy design activity in terms of the market, could you help us understand that?
Anirudh Devgan: Guy, this is Anirudh, I'll take that question. So, I think your question is regarding the digital and final growth, right? So, yes, we are very pleased with the digital group performing well, you know, the – like Lip-Bu mentioned it grew about 16% from last Q2 and I believe, you know, faster than market and there is a lot of design activity, which continues to, you know, accelerate in especially at advanced node, you know, where we do particularly well.  So, we see a lot of design activity, you know, increasing at [N5 and N3], and, you know, similarly, you know, work with foundries at N2. So, I think the whole trend of people moving to more advanced nodes is continuing at a strong pace. And I think that helps us in our digital business. And also, we are getting more full flow adoption, not just placing route, the full flow means synthesis places I would sign-off.  So, customers are more and more comfortable running our entire flow. And that's, again a trend that we have worked on for a while to get a full integrated flow to our digital customers. And then there are other trends, you know, like 3D IC becoming more prevalent, and of course, mixed signal, we're always strong and mixed signals.  So, overall, we are confident in our digital position. And then on top of that, we can have Cerebrus to perform, you know, to give even better results than even just using a regular digital flow. So, I think the summary is that the design activity is strong, and we are glad to work with our customers for these designs.
Gal Munda: Got you. That’s very helpful, and then maybe as a follow-up, Lip-Bu and Anirudh, maybe to you and even John maybe. When I think about, kind of the way Q2 came in extremely strong, it enables you to, kind of go, you know, above and beyond the beats in order to, kind of raise the guidance for the year, what gives you that confidence? Is it the fact that, you know, we're able to do that it's Q1, because of the fact that, you know, there was still a lot of hardware tough comp from last year and stuff, and now you're kind of another three months in and seeing more of it, or what’s behind kind of the same thing to be a little bit more keen to reflect the outperformance in the quarter and beyond in the guidance?
John Wall : That's a great question Gal. I can take that. Potentially the annual value of the contracts that we booked in Q2 in a lot of cases were significantly higher than the contracts that were expiring, and that give us great confidence. That along with, I guess the visibility into the second half that we have now that we – becomes clearer and clearer as you get closer to the start of the second half, but that helps us a lot.  I would advise anyone not to look at any one quarter, but maybe focus on the year’s numbers, because you know the quarter since the pandemic started, the quarters can be distorted, I mean, digital was great, growth this quarter over last Q2 2020, but I would like to remind you that in Q2 2020 we did back out some revenue for expected bad debt, but that – and some of that we later recovered in Q4.  So, some of the quarters have been a bit distorted. So, I've been trying to focus on the year. And we will look at the year at, you know the annual value of contracts has increased considerably and enough for us to rate the guidance by 40 million at the mid-point for revenue.
Gal Munda: That’s very clear. Thank you.
John Wall: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is with Jackson Ader from JPMorgan.
Jackson Ader: Thank you. Can we discuss on the subpoena that was disclosed in the 10-Q? So, you know, just from reading the language, it sounds like you received it in February and so I'm just curious, why was it something that was disclosed in this quarter and not in the previous Q into that, you know, what kind of risk or whether it's operationally or, you know, any kind of penalties which does really imply?
John Wall: Yes, that was really just a bit of housework. Really, I guess in terms of the nature of the subpoena became more clear to us in – during the last quarter and we wanted to make sure that investors were aware of it. We don't think it's hugely significant, but we wanted to document it in the queue in the interest in full – in the interest of full transparency.
Jackson Ader: Okay, very well. And then on the hardware side, a lot of those, was it 16 new orders and 65 repeat orders of [Z2, I’m sorry] of hardware orders. How many of those were Z1, X1 versus Z2, X2 if we had that right there?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, I think will let Anirudh answer the question, and I will chip in later on.
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, thanks Lip-Bu. That’s a good question. So, I mean, we are pretty pleased with the performance of Z2 and X2, Palladium and Protium. And more and more of our business is transitioning to the new systems, which is Z2 and X2. And we still have, you know, Z1 and X1 still perform well. So, we are continuing to sell them depending on the customer situation. But more and more we are selling the new systems, which are performing well. And I think John mentioned last time, we expect about six months of overlap with the two systems. So, we are a few months into that. So, I think that trend will continue. But more of it is the new systems, and it should be – and I would expect, by end of the year, most of it will be the new systems.
John Wall: Yeah, we're very happy with the X2 and Z2 ramp, and we're building inventory as fast as we can to meet demand.
Jackson Ader: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Joe Vruwink with Baird. 
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. And first of all, best wishes and congrats to Lip-Bu and Anirudh. You know, just I wouldn't expect I suppose much change in the strategy. I think, [want to mention] continuity, that certainly seems to be the case, but also asked the question, just given the leadership changes if maybe you do see an opportunity in particular areas of the business to accelerate what growth has been, you know, certainly, product announcement last week on AI driven design seems to be a big trend, not just for Cadence, but the industry. Are there things like that, where over the next few years, you would expect these to be much bigger contributors and ultimately help accelerate the growth profile of the company?
Anirudh Devgan: Thank you. Thank you, Joe. And I think I would like to say that Cadence is in a very strong position, right now, as you guys see. And I worked closely with Lip-Bu over the last four years ever since I became President of the company, and you know, so there's a lot of continuity going forward. And we are very confident in our intelligence system design strategy.  You know, I'm a big believer that computational software is our close friend, you know, EDA has done that for decades. And this is the right time to not only do well in our core business of EDA and IP, but also expand it to two other adjacency, you now one of them being system design and analysis. And as you know, we have a big effort in that. And then the second one being AI and machine learning, which are also inherently, you know, computational.  So, I think EDA and IP have been a good business, you know, we think it will continue to be good business, but added with system design and analysis and AI and machine learning, you know, it provides other adjacencies we can grow into. So, we are truly excited. I think we are in a great position and we look – going forward look at all the – we will work very hard to accelerate all these trends and accelerate the growth and opportunities that we see and take Cadence to new heights.
Joe Vruwink: That's great. And then just a follow-up on the anticipated margin Cadence, in the back half, it looks like, the outlook implies maybe 34% to 35%, is that purely a reflection of hiring, accelerating? Is there any [indiscernible] that might be working back into the budget? Or maybe what's the best way to saying just relative, you know first half second half margins?
John Wall: Yeah, Joe, I think the first thing to note there is, is we completed our annual salary review and promotion cycle during Q2 and that's part of the story. But there are also some one-time things that, kind of distort the margin picture in the second half. As part of our succession planning efforts, we did a voluntary early severance program at the same time as the promotion round. And there'll be some temporary overlap and expense in the second half as, you know, the impending retirees transition to the rules to their replacements.  So, we can double up on expense for six months there. And that's a temporary phenomenon. There's also the purchase accounting treatment of the acquisitions we had in the first half with the NUMECA and Pointwise, they cause our second half margins to be lower than they would otherwise be. And yeah, we're planning to do a lot of hiring in the second half. And I've embedded that into the guidance. But my team and I will review all of that and make sure it's absolutely necessary.  So, there could be some upside to that margin outlook following our review. As I mentioned earlier, that, you know, the quarterly numbers can be a little bit distorted during the pandemic, it's better to look at the annual view. And I think when I look at the annual guide, 36% to 36.75% that's closer to the margin levels at which the business is currently performing.
Joe Vruwink: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is with Jason Celino from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Lip-Bu, Anirudh congrats on the well deserved promotions. Maybe for my first question, you know, ACV, being bigger, ACV being bigger and it might be indicative of customer budgets and spend, but John, when we think about the guidance raise, are you able to provide any more segment color on where you've seen the uptick? It sounds like from a geo perspective, China uptick were flat this quarter, but what else can you add?
John Wall: Yeah, it was pretty broad based. I would say, China, sorry, with Asia, and then China within Asia was a part of that. And then, of course, North America I thought they were probably the stronger performing regions, but it was pretty broad based strength across all lines of business that, you know, I think we're, the kind of recurring revenue profile we have right now. And what we've projected in the guide for the second half of the year is, is our typical average profile. I think it sets us really – sets us up really well for growth in the next year.
Jason Celino : Okay, great. And then maybe diving down in that a little bit, no IP, no growing mid-single-digit from the quarter, not entirely a surprise, given the call outs from last call, but how are you feeling about the IP for the remainder of the year, today versus maybe three months ago? Thank you.
John Wall: Well, I'll let Anirudh talk to the IP business. I think it's performing really well. But I mean, when I look at the numbers, it's kind of similar to China. Last year, IP grew 25%. So, there have been some really, really tough comps. And we did highlight last quarter that we thought, you know, that Q2 and Q3 might be a little bit late, because of those comps, but Q4, we thought we would power back in Q4 and set ourselves up for growth for next year. And it's, you know, with another quarter under our belts, I'm more confident that that's what the outlook looks like. Anirudh, do you want to say anything about the IP business generally?
Anirudh Devgan: Yeah, thanks, John. That's a good summary. And Jason that's true. One thing I would just like to add is that, you know, overall, we are pretty happy with the IP business, you know, like John mentioned, there is some seasonality to it, which, you know, is lumpy business and also the IP purchases are more based on project. So, there is just a little bit of lumpiness, but overall the trends are strong, you know, the whole outsourcing trend for IP continues as you would expect. And you know, there is more and more design activity, more foundry activity. So, we are pleased with where we are in the IP business and make sure we have the right kind of star IP to serve the customers.
Jason Celino: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is with Pradeep Ramani from UBS.
Pradeep Ramani: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats Anirudh and Lip-Bu. John, I think you mentioned that [APV] in Q2 was higher, what is driving that? I mean, are customers buying up the stack or is it a function of renewal by different customers or, I mean what is driving that higher [APV]? And in terms of sustainability, how do you feel that it's sustainable going forward and just beyond [Q3]? 
John Wall: Sure, yeah, great question. But yeah, what we saw, I guess with – I mean, design activity was very strong and the volume of licenses that were purchased were higher than the previous contracts, expiring contracts. Also pricing it approved a little bit. And generally, I mean, when I look at, like, if I look at the business at a very high level, Tom, I like to look at the three year packers and I put them in the second page of the CFO commentary. And over the last few years, we've seen consistently accelerating revenue growth year-over-year, when you look at the three year [indiscernible], and we're on track, again for that for this year, that – to improve on last year that – so, generally, I think with all of our accounts, we keep providing greater value for our customers, they're buying more products.  It's a virtuous cycle, so to speak. I think a few years ago, we often talked about, you know, we released 20 significant new products in the previous three years. We've launched eight new products in the last six months. But I think the pace of innovation, and the release of new significant products at Cadence has accelerated. And that's helped us improve our [ACV] across a very, very broad base across our customers.
Pradeep Ramani: Okay. And for my follow-up, on the verification side, you mentioned there was some Z2 and Z1, but in terms of just thinking about it, about where we are in the penetration cycle for Z2, would you say that it was very early days, and you know, but you still had significant contributions from Z2 in Q2, or was the contribution from Z2/X2, sort of pretty negligible in Q2?
John Wall: I think it's a significant contribution. It's like, I don't know whether – if you don't mind me using an Olympic style analogy, it's a bit like a relay race, you know, in terms of handing over the baton. I think Q2 and Q3 these middle quarters of the year are where you see that transition, where we're selling, you know, X1 and Z1 alongside X2 and Z2. I think by the end of the year, by the time we get to Q4, we'll be often sprinting with the newer systems, and we'll have very little of the older systems left to sell.
Pradeep Ramani: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from John McPeake with Rosenblatt Securities.
John McPeake: Thanks for squeezing me in guys. Can you hear me okay? Yes, loud and clear.
John McPeake: Oh, great. Congratulations Lip-Bu and Anirudh. It's been quite a run Lip-Bu, amazing. I guess you’d be on some more calls, but I just wanted to mention that. So, the first question I had is about, you know, the high level trends in the semiconductor industry, you know, they're getting more competitive than they've ever been. I mean, you're seeing some share shifts, you're seeing some historically significant companies, you know, seeing major rethinks about their strategy. And I'm wondering if that potentially is freeing up budget, in those companies to try new things that they historically may not have done with, you know, the prior management regimes that were in place? Because it seems like it could become a significant for Cadence. That's, that's my first one, then I have a follow-up.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, I think let me answer that, John. Thank you so much. So clearly, we see this industry change in the five generation wave, and a lot of enough data being generated, and on less than 2% of data being analyzed. So, I think there's a humongous opportunity in terms of the hyperscale and other autonomous driving industrial automation for the industrial group and autonomous driving. That is another part. So, I think those five areas are going to be driving a lot of new applications. And a new solution needed.  So, a lot of innovation needed. And so in some way, in our ISP strategy, we'll be playing very well, from the silicon all the way to the system, and how to provide some of this solution, especially in the workload has changed a lot. And so not just the CPU computing, and it's a lot of new domain specific application driving the solution. And that creates a lot of new design. So that's why we don't see any slowdown in design? In the contrary, actually, we see a lot of increase in design activity. And that gave me a lot of hope going forward.
John McPeake: Right. And then I guess, specifically, it seems like when you get to three and under, potentially, we're going to gate all around. And I'm curious as to what that might do for placing route and your digital strategy there. I think you've made some announcements [at three], some tape outs already maybe you guys can talk about that a little bit.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, John, let me take that, it’s Anirudh. So, you know, we have quite a bit of activity at 3 nanometer, as you can imagine, a lot of customers are already you know, designing a lot at 3 nanometer and also we are happy to work with the major foundries. So, we do have solutions, which are being optimized for gate all around, and we are happy with the progress there. And like I said earlier, we also started work on N2, so I think this is good for the industry, you know, [N3] should be a very, very strong note.  And also, you know, N2 after that or 2 nanometer node after that. And one key thing is at 3 nanometer what we noticed is that it's good news for EDA and Cadence. You know, the role of tools and methodologies becomes even more critical than let's say, 7 or 5 nanometer, because there is a little bit of, you know, slowing of pure performance scaling from Moore's Law. I mean, Moore's law is still giving a lot of area scaling or you know, a number of transistors keep going up, but the performance you get from each transistor is not as much as before.  So, then there is more demand for, for Cadence to the [EDA solutions] and IP solutions to deliver that performance. So, I think the role of EDA will become more and more critical at lower nodes. And then combined with other advances like Cerebrus and machine learning. So, overall, we are pretty pleased with our position at these advanced nodes. And I think it is overall good news for the industry. 
John McPeake: Thank you. I mean, it would just seem like there's a shortage of engineers, and you guys are the ones making them more productive. So, thank you.
Anirudh Devgan : Thanks.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks at this time.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, thank you all for joining us this afternoon. I’m very excited about the growing market opportunities and the business momentum so far in 2021. Our Intelligent System Design strategy is playing out very nicely as we benefit from new opportunities in Design Excellence, System Innovation, and Pervasive Intelligence, and an expanded total addressable market. And lastly on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we thank all our customers and partners for their continued trust and confidence during these unprecedented times. Have a wonderful day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Olivia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Olivia. I would like to thank every -- welcome everyone to our first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. I am joined today by Lip-Bu Tan, Chief Executive Officer; Anirudh Devgan, President; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. A webcast of this call is available through our website cadence.com and will be archived through June 18, 2021. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of the call today. Please note that the discussion today will contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to statements about our business outlook, product development, business strategy and plans, industry and regulatory trends, market size, opportunities and positioning. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or implied in today's discussion. For information on factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, which was just filed and then also including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release that was issued today. You should not rely on our forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. All forward-looking statements we make on this call are based on estimates and information available to us at the time of this discussion and Cadence disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements except as required by law. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered an isolation from or as a substitute for financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures are not based on any standardized methodology prescribed by GAAP and are not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results. A reconciliation between each non-GAAP financial measure and it's nearest GAAP equivalent may be found in our earnings press release following the financial statements. Copies of today's press release dated April 26, 2021 for the quarter and year ended April 3, 2021, related financial tables and the CFO commentary are also available on our website. For the Q&A session today, we would ask that you observe a limit of one question and one follow-up, you may re-queue if you would like to ask additional questions and time permits. And now I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip Tan: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Cadence had a great start to the year delivering outstanding financial results for the first quarter with broad-based demand for our innovative solutions, driving strong revenue growth, profitability, and cash flow. John will provide the details in a moment as well as our updated outlook. Generation trends like 5G, hyperscale computing, autonomous driving, and industrial IoT continued to propel the need for innovation in compute memory, networking, and storage from the edge to the cloud with massive amounts of new data being generated everyday. AI/ML and Data Analytics are helping transforming that data through intelligence providing actionable insights and accelerating digital transformation of several industries. These trends are continuing to drive strong semiconductor demand and design activity across a broad spectrum of end markets, and our Intelligent System Design strategy ideally positions us to capture these exciting opportunities. Now, let me talk about the Q1 highlights starting off with Core EDA and IP in the Design Excellence year of our ISD strategy. We had ongoing strength in aerospace and defense, and we significantly expanded our collaborations with marquee aerospace defense systems company that included the proliferation of our digital full flow as well as our functional and custom simulation solutions. Our Digital Signoff business had a strong revenue quarter, with multiple market shaping customers successfully hitting out at 5 nanometer and below process nodes using our digital full flow. Increasing design complexity, continuous driving of secular trend for hardware-assisted certification in Q1 was a standout quarter for our Palladium emulation and Protium prototyping platform. Significant expansions as well as multiple new wins contributed to Q1 in our best hardware revenue quarter ever. Additionally, we announced our new Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 platforms, delivering 2 times capacity and 1.5 times higher performance than our current leading Z1 and X1 systems. This next-generation system enables the highest throughput hardware debug and pre-silicon software validation for million -- multibillion sorry -- multibillion gig associate design and was endorsed by Nvidia, AMD, and ARM. Our IP business also delivered double-digit year-over-year revenue growth. There was strong demand for our high-speed SerDes IP by market shaping customers for their next-generation data center and networking environments as well as continued strength in our memory interface IP business. Tensilica continued to expand its footprint in true wireless stereo and Bluetooth headsets, and our Vision P6 and HiFi products proliferated in the Wearables and Smart Speakers end markets. It was another exciting quarter for system design and analysis segment, delivering over 30% year-over-year revenue growth. Early this month, we acquired Pointwise, a leader in mesh generation for Computational Fluid Dynamics. The addition of Pointwise Technologies and experienced teams both have broadened our system analysis portfolio, complements our recently acquired NUMECA CFD Technology and our organic multiphysics products. Pointwise provides highly innovative mesh and grid generation technologies to enable high fidelity CFD analysis, and its solutions are being used by several marquee customers, especially in the aerospace segment. We want to congratulate our NUMECA team for the role their products played in the design of the Emirates Team New Zealand racing boat, that won the America's Cup for New Zealand for the fourth time. The winning team used a simulator based on NUMECA's Fine/ Marine CFD software and their computational dynamic modeling and thanks to the unprecedented accuracy and realism of their simulators, we were able to accurately test new ideas and concepts long before the first boat ever touched the water. We introduced Sigrity X, our next generation signal and power integrity solution with endorsements on Samsung, MediaTek, and Renesas. These solutions leverage new simulation engines and a massively parallel architecture to deliver over 10% -- up to 10% performance and capacity gain for system level simulations of the most demanding hyperscale, 5G, automotive, and aerospace applications. And Qualcomm expanded their usage of our flagship Virtuoso and AWR products for advanced RFIC design and Clarity for system analysis. Let me conclude with a few comments on some macro level topics. We continued to monitor the semiconductor supply chain situation, and so far we are not seeing any slowdown in design activity across our customer base. Next regarding the evolving state of the COVID-19 pandemic, while some countries are edging toward normalcy, there is a growing concern with the escalating number of cases in certain regions, especially in India. As always, the health and safety of our employees, customers, and partners is paramount and we will continue doing what is in their best interest while working closely with local regulatory agencies. Lastly, this past year has brought to light many social justice challenges, including the recent acts of violence against Asian Americans. I strongly believe that we have an obligation as individuals and as a company, we'll take a stand against racism and set an example for inclusiveness and understanding. At Cadence, we are committed to listening with empathy, inclusive of different points of view and as a result ensure that our diversity enhances our experience and our innovative spirit. Now, I will turn it over to John to go over the Q1 results and present our Q2 and updated 2021 outlook.
John Wall: Thanks Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. I'm pleased to report that we exceeded all of our key operating metrics for the quarter. Broad-based growth across many lines of our business combined with some earlier than anticipated hardware sales, resulted in strong revenue growth in Q1. We continue to invest heavily in building out a multiphysics platform for system design and analysis. We completed our second acquisition of the year in the CFD space, when we acquired Pointwise in April, a leader in CFD mesh generation. The focus over the past few months in completing acquisitions contributed to some delays to our expected pace of hiring in Q1, but we expect to get hiring back on track by the second half of the year. Now, let's go through the key results for the first quarter, beginning with the P&L. Total revenue was $736 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was approximately 38%. GAAP EPS was $0.67 and non-GAAP EPS was $0.83. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. At quarter end cash totaled $743 million while the principal value of debt outstanding was $350 million. Operating cash flow for Q1 was $208 million. DSOs were 48 days and during Q1, we repurchased $172 million of Cadence shares. Before I provide our updated outlook for fiscal 2021 and what we expect for Q2, I'd like to take a moment to share the assumptions embedded in our outlook. The ongoing chip capacity constraints along with the recent surge in COVID-19 cases in India are expected to create a headwind for IP revenue for the remainder of this year. The revenue impact has been factored into our outlook. We expect expenses to increase in the second half of the year, primarily due to headcount growth as we continue to invest in our expanding multiphysics platform. We've included the Pointwise acquisition in our 2021 outlook. And finally, our outlook assumes that the export limitations that exist today for certain customers will remain in place for all of 2021. Embedding these assumptions into our outlook for fiscal 2021, we expect revenue in the range of $2.88 billion to $2.93 billion, Non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 35% to 36%, GAAP EPS in the range of $2.01 to $2.09. Non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.99 to $3.07. Operating cash flow in the range of $900 million to $950 million, and we expect to use at least 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares in 2021. For Q2 2021, we expect revenue in the range of $705 to $725 million, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 36%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.44 to $0.48 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.74 to $0.78. Our CFO commentary, which is available on our website, includes our outlook for additional items as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, the Cadence team delivered another quarter of strong operating results and remain focused on driving profitable revenue growth. We'd like to thank our customers, partners and of course our employees for a solid start to 2021. And I'd like to remind them all, that their health and safety continues to be our first priority. And with that operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jason Celino: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe my first one, historically customers have gravitated toward the latest and greatest hardware products, especially on emulation side, but because emulation strength has been going on strong for several years now, how do you think the pace of uptake for that Z2 and Protium products could be?
Lip Tan: So thank you for the question.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. That's a great question, Jason. Yes, I mean you might have noticed that we beat our midpoint of guidance in Q1, partly that was due to -- trying to manage the Osborn effect on transitioning to our new Palladium Z2 and prototyping X2 system. We had an incentive plan in place to try and sell as many of those Z1s and X1s before we launched the new products. So, we expect strong uptick for those new products with the incentive the plan worked really well, and Q1 was a really strong hardware quarter for us. It's a testament to the compelling value of our hardware solutions. They're providing both chip and system level customers across multiple use models.
Jason Celino: Okay, great. And then for my follow-up, maybe just an explanation here. I think John, you mentioned that chip capacity constraints and the COVID impact in India being a headwind for IP.
John Wall: Yes.
Jason Celino: Maybe coming from a -- my topper background, but maybe explain why this would be an impact and maybe you could quantify the dollar amount or the percentage?
John Wall: Yes, sure. Jason that's the -- on the COVID 19, I mean the worsening pandemic in India could have some impact to the timing of delivery for certain hardened IPs that required testing labs. And as we said on the -- in our prepared remarks that's been factored into our updated outlook, India build us out last year, if you recall, we had similar challenges back in Q2 last year in North America, and we're hoping we can do the same thing now, but it could cause some fluctuation in revenue timing between quarters. The bigger impact on the year is probably in relation to chip capacity constraints. Last quarter, when we talked about that, my expectation was royalties might be flat year-over-year. I now expect them to be slightly down. So, there is a slight headwind built into the guide this quarter for that.
Jason Celino: Great, thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Our next comes -- our next question comes from Jackson Ader with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jackson Ader: Thanks for taking my questions guys. I'd like to start on remaining performance backlog and calculated bookings. They are down a bunch in the quarter relative to a pretty tough compare, but I was just wondering if you guys had any additional commentary on the bookings performance in the quarter?
John Wall: Hi, this is John. I think that's just a reflection of a low renewals quarter. Yes, we'd expect remaining performance obligations to ratchet back up before the end of the year.
Jackson Ader: Okay, fair enough. And then on the geographic side, we saw remarkable growth from China in the second half of 2020, looks like that that geo kind of came back down to earth here in the first quarter. Any particular product segments, hardware, software, IP that would be impacted for that geography coming back down?
John Wall: Yes, China's back, I mean clearly it is back to more normal levels of business at the 12% level. The stats mainly because the strength appears to be more broad based across geographies this year. If you recall the -- in Q3, we had a really strong hardware quarter, and within China I mean, this quarter in Q1, a lot of the strength within North America and more balanced across all the regions, across all the geographies. The -- Yes in our outlook, I've assumed they returned to our usual recurring revenue mix in the region as well and that along with the fact that we have one less week in the second half of fiscal '21 kind of contributes to the conservative revenue outlook in the second half. When we get to the summer, we'll have increased visibility into the -- into revenue for the second half and the pipeline for the second half and we can update the outlook then at that time.
Jackson Ader: All right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Gal Munda with Berenberg. Your line is open.
Gal Munda: Hi, thank you for taking my question. First one is just, John, maybe a little bit expanding on what you just said. So when I look at your historical trends of revenues tends to be fairly and well kind of equally split throughout the quarters and Q2 tends to be sequentially slightly stronger than Q1. Is it because of this slight pull forward of hardware that you expect in Q2 potentially at the mid-end of the guidance be materially lower this year?
John Wall: Yes, Gal. We implemented a -- an incentive -- we incentivized the sales force to try and close some Z1 and X1 business as early as possible in the year in preparation for the launch of our new Z2 and X2 hardware systems. That was more successful than we originally thought and about $10 million of Q1's revenue, I'd originally forecast to happen in Q2. So of the $16 million beat, I guess at the midpoint for Q1, there's probably $6 million of that was a true beat and $10 million was what we originally thought would fall into Q2 that happened a little bit earlier in Q1.
Gal Munda: Got you. That's really helpful. Thank you. And then maybe just a little bit of a longer-term strategic question around building the CFD platform capabilities which kind of adds to your Clarity side. And then thinking about potentially other physics that you might be ending over -- adding over time, is that a potential for us or do you guys think that simulation is something that's kind of very applicable to the cooling and everything of the system, so because of that you kind of want to bring that in-house and the other ones maybe your partner, how you think about it?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, Thank you for the question. Let me answer that this is Anirudh. So first of all, we are excited about CFD, like we mentioned last time and it is a very big segment into some analysis close to $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion. So we are excited focused on that. And Pointwise is a leader in machine technology, so we are glad to work with them and bring them in-house. So we think combining Pointwise with NUMECA and our organic capability in parallel and distributed computing can give a very, very state-of-the art solution for the CFD market. So we want to make sure we do well in CFD and as you know, we are already in electromagnetics with Clarity and Thermal with Celsius. So I think these are our focus areas for now. And then we'll see how things go in these segments. But so far, we are optimistic. And actually if you look at Q1 results, we had good growth versus Q1 of last year, so we -- like John said, we are continuing to invest in this space and we are still early in CFD, but optimistic about it.
Gal Munda: Got you. Thank you. That's really helpful.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. Your line is open.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi everyone. I was hoping just to talk about the product cycle for the new emulation and prototyping to get two platforms launching at the same time that have new silicon behind each. I think that's a pretty unique of that. So, John, I get kind of the timing and be incentivizing of the older generation, but could it be possible that just the performance on the new generation means that the net demand ultimately is -- maybe higher than being forecasted? Or do you think that's a possibility, but maybe, timing-wise, it's probably more of a second half driver for you?
John Wall: Yes, I think that's a good observation Joe. We're building the systems as quickly as we can. There is clearly demand there. That's -- the systems, the dynamic duo for the tight integration with unified compiler and interfaces. The Palladium Z2 and Protium X2 systems are designed to address the challenges faced by those designing for the most advanced electronic applications, including mobile consumer and hyperscale computing design. So we expect demand to be very strong and they have -- I mean the customers can achieve up to 2 times capacity and 1.5 times performance improvements with each platform. And they work so well together, like you see the team call them the dynamic duo, so it is important for us to launch them together which we're building them as quickly as we can and so there's plenty of demand for them, but like to say by the time we have built in everything it might impact the second half of the year more than the first.
Joe Vruwink: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a follow-up on the margin guidance for the year, because I think you ended up beating your forecast in 1Q by $28 million and the full year moves higher by $12 million or $13 million. Is that purely just a function of hiring being back half weighted or are there other things like product mix or some other investments to consider as well?
John Wall: That's exactly right Joe. It's -- I mean it's basically what you're seeing is the compounded effect of revenue happening a little bit earlier than originally forecast, because of the success of that incentive program and the success of the sales of Z1 and X1 in Q1 and then hiring getting delayed a little bit to later in the year as we focused on closing some acquisitions for the CFD space.
Joe Vruwink: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yes. Thank you. Good evening. A couple of paired technical and financial questions for Anirudh and for John. First for Anirudh on the 4th quarter call, three months ago as you may recall, we talked about how customers design flows and methodologies are revolving. The follow-up therefore to that observation we made at the time is how might that affect as that takes place, Cadence is pricing and/or product packaging commensurate with customers' evolution of their methodologies? Could there be any effect on how you price the annual package your software or anything else. And then secondly, with respect to System Design strategy, and the overall computational software strategy, how would you compare the R&D and AE intensity or requirements system analysis, particularly as you add more in CFD and other physics versus core or classical EDA which is synthesis, implementation, RTL simulation and the like, do you expect any meaningful differences between those two parts of the business? Thanks.
Anirudh Devgan: Thanks Jay for the question. Those are very good question. Let me take the second one first. So I'll view -- Jay, even in our EDA business or EDA software business, maybe one-fourth of it is more simulation-based. Like circuit simulation and logic simulation. So invariably those simulation-based businesses are more profitable then overall EDA. So like Spectre usually is more profitable than place and route, for example. So I expect a similar trend to happen in System Analysis. So System Analysis by nature is simulation-based, whether it's Clarity, it's electromagnetic or CFD. So in steady state, I do expect that system analysis to be more profitable than Core EDA. Now as we build up and we scale revenue, there are some transient nature, but in steady state, I do expect that to be the case. And so far, we are pleased with the, not just the revenue growth, but actually even the margin performance of System Analysis business. And on your first question, I think we are looking at it carefully in terms of packaging and pricing discipline in that. I think one big trend, like I mentioned last time, there is more and more full flow use like lower nodes, as you know already. So we are selling lot of these tools together. So we just continue to monitor it and work discipline with our customers and internal teams. John, do you want to add anything on pricing?
John Wall: Yes, what I would add is that, Jay, I mean you're exactly right. I mean, you look at the tools that we create on the software side, there is a lot of R&D and AE intensity in terms of supporting those tools. And if you look at the software that we're selling, you can really bifurcate all the licenses into two groups. There is the interactive tools, where every license need the driver and then there is like simulation tools where they're kind of batch process tools, where one engineer can kick-off like 1,000 simulations if they want, and that's partly why the system analysis part of the business, the simulation part of the business is the most profitable part of our software business, because in all cases, our expenses are generally tethered to the R&D and AE engineers required to support the software, but the revenue is not headed in relation dissemination. It's not tethered to the numbered engineers in simulation licenses and I think that's why we see that being more profitable.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Understood. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hey, everyone, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to ask about the news around of export restrictions from the US Commerce Department targeting China and about half a dozen supercomputer companies. I realize not all those are specifically focusing on developing processors, but presumably handful of those companies are Cadence's customers. With respect to those specific customers or any other export restrictions, what way has that impacted your ability to do business in China?
Lip Tan: Yes, this is Lip-Bu. Let me just have a -- answer that first and then John or Anirudh can add onto it. So first of all, we clearly we have and will continue to comply with all the export our control regulations including the military end user and the list that you've mentioned. But we -- clearly, we are not going to comment on certain specific companies. But everything we know we already built into the -- our guidance.
Gary Mobley: Okay. And John, can you confirm if that roughly $190 million as reported in your cash flow statement was the amount paid for NUMECA in the first quarter and how much you would expect from both Pointwise and NUMECA as a contributor to 2021?
John Wall: Hi, Gary. Nice try, I mean, we're not disclosing those separately, but we're very, very pleased with both acquisitions and delighted to have them as part of the Cadence family.
Gary Mobley: All right, thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Gentlemen, I just wanted to go back to your commentary about some of the headwinds that you see this year. I think I understand the COVID India issue. I'm still a little bit confused by the royalty because even though we're in a very tight ship capacity market, unit volumes and revenue should be up pretty significantly year-over-year for the industry. Can you help me better understand what's causing that the royalty kind of -- headwind in kind of your volume-based businesses?
John Wall: Yes, John, good question. It's last quarter, I thought for the year, I thought we'd be flat because of unit volumes. We weren't expecting any improvement in unit volumes. And in fact in Q1, I think our royalty revenue for Q1 was flat on Q1 2020, but the forecast looking out over the next three quarters and my team goes through a detailed analysis, it depends on, I guess the mix of customers that we have the unit volumes that they have, but their forecast suggests that we'll be slightly down now and that headwinds being built into the -- into our forecast. So I don't mean that to be a commentary on the entire industry. It's just in relation to the customers that we generate royalty revenue from. We expect their unit volumes to be down.
John Pitzer: Is there any way to characterize sort of end market that those customers play into or is that a level detail you are not going to give?
John Wall: No. We can't give that, sorry.
John Pitzer: No, that's helpful. And then as my follow-up, maybe another way to ask sort of Gary's question about restrictions. I'm just kind of curious, when you think about the full year guide, what's embedded for China and I'm clearly asking because, well, I understand sort of the geographic mix broadened out in the current quarter. China was down significantly and there are some investor concerns that may be the back half of last year represented a pull forward. As you think about the full year guide, is there any sort of broad strokes you can give us on how you feel like China is being the trend for the rest of the year within that guide?
John Wall: Yes, John backed into the for China basically expecting us to mean revert back to our normal mix of business between upfront and recurring revenue. In the second half of last year we had more upfront revenue than average particularly in China. And I wasn't happy that I wouldn't -- I wasn't happy to extrapolate that for all of 2021, because I felt that's the second half look like an anomaly. So I thought for guidance purposes and to be conservative, we would assume that we may revert back to our normal recurring revenue mix right in the middle of that 85% to 90% range that we normally have for the company, even though, China is probably slightly more upfront than us. And that would kind of -- my expectation then is that China is very hard to predict, but somewhere in the 12% to 13% range for revenue and that's where it came out for Q1. So that's what we've embedded into the guide. We will have better visibility once we get to the middle of the year and we'll update then. But we're kind of assuming we revert back to me, than I thought that was the best way to derisk the year for China.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Very helpful. Thank you, John.
John Wall: Okay.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Tom Diffely: Yes. Thank you and good afternoon. Maybe John, just one more question on the really strong quarter for hardware. Did the incentives impact your margins at all in the quarter in any meaningful way?
John Wall: I would say it did naturally. The extra revenue would have boosted margins in Q1 at the expense of Q2, but that would only be a shift between one quarter and the other. The delay in hiring would have benefited Q1 and also benefited the year. We expect to catch up with the hiring, but of course, because we didn't higher in Q1 as quickly as we thought those savings are both in Q1 and the year.
Tom Diffely: Well, I was wondering more if the incentives included discounts, so the pricing went down in the first quarter.
John Wall: No the incentives, I'm sorry, let me clarify. The incentives I was talking about were more sales incentives for our sales team.
Tom Diffely: Okay.
John Wall: Non-incentives for customers.
Tom Diffely: All right. And then longer term question for maybe Anirudh or Lip-Bu, when you look at the node transitions in the industry and whether it goes between every two years or every three years, how impactful is that duration between nodes for you, if the underlying demand is still strong?
Lip Tan: I can start first and then Anirudh can chip in. Now, clearly I think the complexity and the dynamic of the demand is very strong on that five generation of phase. And so we are excited. We don't see any slowdown on the design. In terms of process node migrations, clearly we're marching forward down to five in production and 3 in design, always engaging right now. But clearly, that's a lot of demand on that. We are very heavily investing in that, because every nodes is a new opportunity for us and we are very excited about it. In terms of the technology and process might be Anirudh can update you where we are.
Anirudh Devgan: Yes. Thank you, Lip-Bu. I just want to add that I mean there is one exciting thing is not only the -- I believe the node transitions are continuing. In terms of R&D, we are mostly working on 2-nanometer now. 3-nanometer is an early kind of design activity, but what is also promising which you already know, is that there are multiple foundries doing these advanced nodes. So I think overall the industry seems pretty healthy. So not just -- there are several key foundries, all working on advanced mode. So we are optimistic and like Lip-Bu said, we see lot of activities as these advanced nodes. And that coupled with 3D IC, these advanced nodes, I think there is a lot of design activity that we see.
Tom Diffely: So when a fab comes out with a new flavor with the same node that's almost as helpful to you as a new node would be?
Anirudh Devgan: That, I think that just depends on the customer adoption. I mean there is some work we do from R&D standpoint to get ready for a new node or a variant of the same node. The variant -- work on variant of the same node is less than R&D work for a new node. So it just depends on, from a work standpoint. But in terms of customer adoption depends which nodes the customers will adopt and we would like to work with them in whichever flavor they choose based on their requirements.
Tom Diffely: Okay, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question coming from the line of Pradeep Ramani with UBS. Your line is open.
Pradeep Ramani: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I had a couple of questions on System Analysis. Maybe the first question is, now that you've had NUMECA and Pointwise, do you feel like you have more or less distribution that you need to sort of scale both NUMECA and Pointwise together or do you feel like it had to be finally bolted onto a Cadence platform in a integrated mode? And if so, what are sort of the R&D investment environment and even maybe their go-to-market investment environment look like -- time horizon look like, is it sort of a one-year thing or is it a longer duration sort of an investment cycle?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, that's a great question. So first of all, we do feel pretty good about Pointwise and NUMECA, like I mentioned and they are good technologies. They already have some scale and we can scale them more with our sales force and customer connections. At the same time we will enhance them with our organically -- organic technologies of parallel and distributed computing, so we will definitely enhance them further. And like Lip-Bu and John mentioned, I think all these investments are built into our guidance and we feel good already in terms, so we -- at this point, we already have significant scale R&D investment in System Analysis. So because of Clarity and other products. So we feel good. In terms of the amount of R&D we have already invested and we'll go from there. So, but I think bottom line, we feel that the point was NUMECA and our organic development, we have lot of capabilities and scale it in the CFD market.
Pradeep Ramani: Okay. And as my follow-up, in terms of sort of AWR, can you sort of update us on how AWR is doing in terms of more customer tracking and sort of maybe year-over-year growth as part of the System Analysis business?
Anirudh Devgan: Yes, definitely. So, as you know our System Analysis business, if you compare from Q1 last year to Q1 this year is up significantly right, close to 30% and AWR is a key part of that. There is some part of it that is M&A, but organically, also our after acquisition both AWR and EMA integrand are going well -- growing well and if you see Lip-Bu's prepared comments, we mentioned Qualcomm is the expanded use of AWR and Clarity. So we don't break it out separately these different products, but overall they are growing well and we are happy of AWR and Integrand growth after acquisition there. Because we can provide a more complete solution along with Virtuoso, Clarity, the overall system design and analysis solution.
Pradeep Ramani: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Ruben Roy with WestPark Capital, your line is open.
Ruben Roy: Thank you. John a quick follow-up on the chip supply situation. Obviously, you're talking about impacts on your full year and you've given us full-year guidance for 2021. The commentary from the industry has been sort of all over the place in terms of when we might see some improvement with some folks thinking as soon as the second half. I'm just wondering if you have any perspective on when and how you're thinking about seeing some improvement in supply and when that might impact your business? Is it a 2022 then?
John Wall: Yes. Sure Ruben, the forecast that my team provided may look like there was softness in Q2 and Q3 for the particular mix of customers that we generate IP royalty revenue from and it looked like it was recovering in Q4. I think that gets your point, but again, I don't mean for this to be any commentary on the industry in any way. It's just the mix of customers that we recognize royalty revenue from.
Ruben Roy: Okay. Yes. I appreciate that. And...
John Wall: We are not seeing any slowdown in design activity at Cadence.
Ruben Roy: Right, right. Okay, thanks for that. I am trying to get as many data points as I can. And I guess just the quick follow-up for Anirudh or Lip-Bu, just on -- sort of your customers and you talking about foundry, a little bit here, but large North American customer obviously is getting back again into the foundry business and has cited in early partnerships with you and your competitor. Just wondering if you have any perspective to add on what's going on here with that customer and if you're seeing any benefits coming from things like chip sector or things like that on your business as you look over the next several years?
Lip Tan: Yes, I think in that manufacturing in US is clearly a welcome and of course any new foundry or expansion is always good for us in terms of tool and IP enablement. And so we have excited opportunity and then you will increase the design activity and also meet the customer requirement of the advanced nodes and packaging also. So I think overall, we think as a positive development and we welcome that opportunity to provide service and the design and IP to enable that.
Ruben Roy: All right, thank you Lip-Bu.
Operator: And our last question coming from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Lip-Bu I just wanted to kind of follow-up on your last commentary about US manufacturing. I'm curious if there is more US based manufacturing and packaging and other activities. Is that incremental to your business or is that just a substitute for what you're doing in other regions?
Lip Tan: Yeah, it's very hard to tell, but I think overall it should be a net increase, because clearly, now we're excited. We have a deep partnership with TSMC, Samsung of the world. Anything new and there is a lot of more IP in term of optimizing and also they have their own process and PDK and then, so I think overall, from my point of view, I think it would be a net increase. And then, we're happy to help. And at the end of the day, this is not the foundry, the EDA and then how to meet our customer requirements when they want to move into a new foundry, they need a lot of different tools and optimization and process and rivalry. And overall I think it will be a net improvement for us.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Very helpful. And then, John, maybe one for you on operating margin. So Q1, I think at about 38 I think Q2 you're guiding to 36 if my model is right. But for the full year you're guiding the 35% to 36%, so suggesting back half will be lower right and back half of this year could even be lower than what you had in second half of last year. Obviously you had the one extra week of last year. But I'm just curious, how are you thinking about leverage in the model and more importantly, when do you think you can get back to this rule of 50% that you were able to achieve before?
John Wall: Yes good questions Vivek. I mean we don't see any near-term ceiling on operating margins. I was glad to see that even with the outlook at 35.5% at the midpoint that's I think we're now at 50% incremental margins comparing 2021 to 2019. As long as we're delivering incremental margins of 50% that's where clearly there is operating leverage in the model. What you're seeing in the impact of the reason that operating margins are slightly lower in the second half it's the combination of two acquisitions and delayed hiring activity into the second half, that also we have a merit cycle that kicks in July 1. That puts -- with all that said we're heavily investing in building out a multiphysics platform for the future. Like I say, there is no near-term ceiling to that operating leverage.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Thank you.
John Wall: No worries.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that's all the time we have for questions today. I would now like to turn the call back over to Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. I'm very excited about the growing market opportunity and the business momentum so far in 2021. Our Intelligent System Design strategy is playing out very nicely as we benefit from the new opportunities in Design Excellence, System Innovation and Pervasive Intelligence and an expanded total addressable market. I'm very pleased also to share that Fortune and The Great Place to Work as honored us as one of the 2021 100 Best Companies to Work For, which marks Cadence's seventh year in the role being named in this prestigious list. Cadence was recognized as one of the best company to work for, thanks to our outstanding people-first culture and the history of innovation. And lastly, on behalf of our employees and our Board of Directors, we want to thank our customers and partners for their continued trust and confident during this unprecedented time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Rob and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Rob. I would like to welcome everyone to our fourth quarter 2020 earnings conference call. I am joined today by Lip -Bu Tan, Chief Executive Officer; Anirudh Devgannd, President and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call is available through our website cadence.com and will be archived through Mach 19th, 2020. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Please note that the discussion today will contain forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on factors that could cause difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release we issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results. The reconciliations are available at the Investor Relations section of cadence.com. Copies of today's press release dated February 22, 2021 for the quarter and year ended January 2, 2021, related financial tables and the CFO commentary are also available on our website. Note that again today we are conducting the earnings call from our respective remote locations. For the Q&A session today we would like to ask you to observe a limit of one question and one follow up. You may requeue if you would like to ask additional questions and time permits. And now, I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip Tan: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. In a year of unprecedented macro challenges, I’m pleased to report that Cadence achieved outstanding financial results for both the fourth quarter and 2020. For the year, we achieved 15% revenue growth and 35% non-GAAP operating margin with strength across the Board and all segments growing by double digits. In a moment, John will present more information for Q4 results and our 2021 outlook. The acceleration of digitization due to the pandemic, coupled with exciting generational trends like 5G, AI/ML, data analytics, and hyperscale computing continued to drive strong semiconductor demand. Leading hyperscaler, mobile and AI companies continue to aggressively pursue Moore’s law, while 5G/wireless, industrial, and automotive verticals are leading the charge on the More-than-Moore front. Our Intelligent System Design strategy triples our TAM, and our broad compelling portfolio of chip, package, board, and system design solutions, uniquely positions us to realize these exciting opportunities. In 2020, we accelerated our momentum at marquee accounts, while expanding our systems portfolio through compelling acquisitions, enabling us to win new customers in our targeted vertical segments. Of particular note was the strength of our aerospace and defense business as the digital transformation in this vertical continues and we expanded and deepened our relationship with Northrop Grumman, which includes the use of our custom-analog and digital full flow. Additionally, we are especially excited by the momentum we have with hyperscalers as they accelerate their chip and system design activity. Our engagements with the system companies have steadily deepened over the past few years and revenue from systems companies is now closer to 45% of our total revenue. It was a great year for our Cadence Cloud, which now has more than 175 customers, and we further strengthened our partnership with cloud infrastructure and foundry partners. Now let us review Q4 highlights. Design Excellence is the foundational layer of our strategy, and includes our Core EDA chip design platforms and IP portfolio. Our design -- our Digital & Signoff solutions offering superior quality of results and faster convergence continued proliferating at market shaping customers. We are engaged in well over 100 projects at 5-nanometer and below process technologies, and we are in earlier collaborations on the 2-nanometer node. Deployment of our full flow accelerated as more than 45 customers adopted our Cadence digital full flow at the most advanced nodes during the year, including MediaTek, Samsung, Micron, NuVia, and a global marquee customer. Based on the superior quality of results, a market shaping hyperscaler significantly increased their usage of our digital solutions. Earlier in the year, a market shaping automotive semiconductor customer committed to Cadence as its primary EDA vendor for digital design. Customers are faced with mounting challenges in system verification and software bring-up and are benefiting from our verification full flow solutions that deliver industry-leading verification throughput. Momentum continued for Xcelium, our digital simulator with several competitive displacements under way as well as expansions and new customer wins. Our hardware family of Palladium for emulation and Protium for regressions and earlier software development had a strong quarter to finish our best ever year for hardware. For the year, Palladium Z1 had 24 new customers and 34 expansions, while Protium had 13 new customers and 14 expansions. Demand was particularly strong at AI and hyperscaler customers. Ericsson renewed their commitment to Cadence verification hardware, including both Palladium and Protium. A unique differentiator of the Protium X1 is the common front-end compiler with the Palladium Z1 that enables significant faster bring-up and about 40% of our hardware business during the year included both Z1 and X1. Our IP business had a strong year as our focused strategy and the compelling portfolio leveraged the ongoing IP outsourcing trend. We continued expanding the footprint of our leadership DDR and PCIe IP and had several design wins at the 5-nanometer and lower process nodes. High speed SerDes is a critical component of hyperscaler infrastructure, and several customers have adopted our 112 gig SerDes IP, including Xsight Labs, who has also demonstrated working silicon. Tensilica had strong royalties and significant wins at key true wireless stereo and mobile application processor customers. Additionally, the automotive segment had strong --- good momentum with wins in functional safety, radar, and digital radio, including an ADAS win at a leading self-driving car company. In System Innovation, we are very excited about our system design and analysis segment, which had a particularly strong year with greater than 25% revenue growth. Rising system complexity for advanced 5G, automotive, and HPC applications is driving the need for a seamless platform solution across design, simulation, and analysis. AWR and Integrand delivered strong, great results in 2020, and there is a strong customer interest in our integrated Virtuoso, Innovus, Allegro, and AWR Microwave Office solutions with in-design analysis. In System Analysis, we are executing our strategy of building out our multi-physics portfolio, offering best-in-class solutions and delivering superior results compared to legacy industry solutions. Strong market adoption continued for our System Analysis products, and we are particularly pleased with the growing number of repeat orders with customers including STMicroelectronics, Realtek, and a market shaping hyperscaler. We tripled our System Analysis TAM by adding Computational Fluid Dynamics, CFD technology through the pending NUMECA acquisition, which will bring leading CFD technology and deep domain expertise of Dr. Charles Hirsch and his team to Cadence. NUMECA has over 450 customers, including NASA, Honda, and Ford, across multiple verticals such as aerospace, automotive, industrial, and marine. For Pervasive Intelligence, we continued to incorporate machine-learning technology in various tools for improved PPA and faster convergence. Xcelium-ML had successful engagements with several market shaping customers, delivering up to a 5-time improvement in regression throughput. We also progressed on providing IP specifically tuned for AI/machine-learning applications, especially edge inferencing applications. Cadence continues to invest in fostering innovation and advancing education through endowments at top universities. Building upon previous endowments at Stanford, the University of California at Berkeley and Carnegie Mellon University, we announced a $5 million endowment at MIT’s Schwarzman College of Computing to promote research in the fields of artificial intelligence, machine-learning and data analytics. Now, I will turn it over to John to go over Q4 results and present our 2021 outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone. I’m pleased to report we exceeded all of our key operating metrics for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020. We achieved 50% on the Rule of 40 metric for the first time through a combination of 15% revenue growth and 35% non-GAAP operating margin. Consistent execution against our strategy and double-digit growth across all product categories helped us achieve this landmark, but we also had the benefit of some tailwinds during a fiscal year, which included a 53rd week, a strong second half in China, and the recovery of $26 million that we previously thought to be uncollectable. The pandemic brought many challenges and I’m very proud of our Cadence team for their compassion and resilience in the face of adversity. Their focus on innovation and customer success resulted in continued acceleration of Cadence’s three-year revenue growth CAGR, which is now into double-digits. Let’s go through the key results for the fourth quarter and the year, starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $760 million for the quarter and $2.683 billion for the year. Non-GAAP operating margin was approximately 37% for the quarter and approximately 35% for the year. GAAP EPS was $0.62 for the quarter and $2.11 for the year, and Non-GAAP EPS was $0.83 for the quarter and $2.80 for the year. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Our cash balance was $928 million at year-end, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $350 million. Operating cash flow in the fourth quarter was $136 million and $905 million for the full year. DSOs were 44 days, and we repurchased $380 million of Cadence shares during the year. Before I provide commentary for Q1 and fiscal 2021, I’d like to take a moment to share the assumptions embedded in our outlook. We expect strong revenue growth for the first half, followed by more muted second half growth as we lap some tough second half comps. Our outlook further assumes the pandemic restrictions will gradually ease across the globe this year, resulting in higher T&E expense in 2021 compared to 2020. We’ve included the expected impact of the pending NUMECA acquisition in our 2021 outlook. And finally, as usual, our outlook assumes that the export limitations that exist today for certain customers will remain in place for all of 2021. Embedding these assumptions into our outlook for fiscal 2021, we expect revenue in the range of $2.86 billion to $2.92 billion, non-GAAP operating margin of 34.5% to 36%, GAAP EPS in the range of $2.09 to $2.19, non-GAA1P EPS in the range of $2.95 to $3.05, operating cash flow in the range of $900 million to $950 million, and we expect to use approximately 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares in 2021. For Q1 2021, we expect revenue in the range of $710 million to $730 million, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 35%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.55 to $0.59 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.72 to $0.76, and we expect to repurchase $110 million of Cadence shares in Q1. Our CFO commentary, which is available on our website, includes our outlook for additional items as well as further analysis and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. In conclusion, Cadence delivered another year of strong operating results achieving 50% on the Rule of 40 metric for the very first time. We remain focused on driving profitable revenue growth and at the midpoint of our outlook for fiscal 2021; I’m pleased that we are on track to grow our annual revenue by over $1 billion since 2016 with more than $0.50 of every dollar of revenue growth dropping through to non-GAAP operating margin over that period. I would like to close by thanking our customers, partners and our hardworking employees for all that they do. And I’d like to remind them all that their health and safety continue to be our first priority. And with that, operator, we’ll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from a line of Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo Securities.
GaryMobley: Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking my question, and let me extend my congratulations to a strong start to the fiscal year and a strong execution relative to Rule 40, exceeding that by 10 percentage points, and that leads me to my question, John. Could you help us level set what that 35% operating margin in 2020 may have been if you didn't have, I guess the reversal of the bad debt reserve or bad collectible reserve, the fact that you weren't able to bring on employees at a fast enough rate? And then as well, the extra week how does that 35.25% operating margin guide in the fiscal year 2021 compare to a level set fiscal year 2020.
JohnWall: Hey, thanks for the question. Gary, it's probably a multi part question. But yes, I guess in terms of the collections, we had collections windfall of $26 million in the second half, most of which came in Q4, and some of those invoices were very old, which meant that $22 million of the $26 million was recognized in revenue before the end of the year, and that was in relation to, if you recall, in the middle of the year, during the pandemic, we had some smaller customers that weren't able to pay us, and we reserved for those. And we help them out that our engineers and team at Cadence were determined to help them out whether they were paying us or not, but some of those customers turned around and managed to survive, and we weren't sure if they would. But -- so that collections windfall kind of distorted, maybe some of the revenue timing in the quarters during the year, but didn't really impact -- that $26 million didn’t really impact the year, because originally we had it in the year, then we took it out in the middle of the year, and then like that $22 million of that $26 million got collected and got recognized. In relation to the extra week, we thought that was going to be $45 million, and it was but the extra week, of course was a 2% tailwind for -- in terms of helping us achieve 50% on the Rule of 40 in 2020, and what was the 2% tailwind in 2020 is a 2% headwind now in 2021, when we go from a 53-week year to a 52-week year. And then, I guess we had a really strong second half in China. I mean when I stepped back from individual quarters and halves, but I would say this, our business is very strong in all regions. And across all of the product categories, the three-year revenue target CAGR, they're up to 11% now in 2020, and at the midpoint it's 11% for 2020 -- at the midpoint of our outlook for 2021. That's 11%, too. So, we're already off to a very strong start, as well as in the first half of 2021, but it's too early really to say that it's not sustainable in the longer term. So the second half, we have kind of muted revenue guidance. When I looked at the second half of 2020 in China, what I noticed was that we had a higher-than-normal proportion of upfront revenue in our recurring revenue mix for the region in China. For our Outlook in 2021, I've assumed we’d return to our usual recurring revenue mix in the region. And that along with the fact that we won last week in the second half in 2021 versus the 2020, that’s what contributes to the like conservative revenue growth outlook for the second half.
GaryMobley: Okay, that's very, very helpful, John. I wanted to ask you about the materiality of the software from Systems Analysis product group, including the backup, I guess, there's that various documentation that NUMECA had roughly $30 million in annual revenue? Is that a pretty good approximation? And for the overall Systems Analysis category, how materials is this now, is it somewhere in the ballpark of what 1% or 2% of revenue now and how much is it contributing to your overall growth? Thank you.
JohnWall: So Gary, your system analysis business is doing great, I mean bookings and revenue grew strongly in 2020. The operating margin profile is better than EDA, which allows us to invest in the business where we're generating strong incremental margins that improve our overall operating leverage. In relation to NUMECA, when we issued the original press release, we highlighted that the impact to 2021 is pretty immaterial, it's pending, we expect it to close, it's imminent in terms of close, I would expect it to close this week. And as usual, of course, we'd expect purchase accounting rules to initially limit the revenue that we can recognize on NUMECA in the first year, so we expect that to be temporarily dilutive to earnings in 2021, and that's already embedded in our outlook. So, from that perspective, we don't have anywhere near as much revenue in 2021, as you're expecting.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets.
MitchSteves: Hey, guys. Can you hear me? Yes. So, the first one is just on the 45% systems exposure now. I'm just really curious about why that's trending up so quickly. About three years ago, I think it was closer to like low 40s or a 40% return metric but now we're suddenly at 45%. And it sounds as they might even go higher. So maybe can you help us understand what exactly is going on with that business that's causing to spike up? And then secondarily, regarding your 50% flow through in the operating margin, including things you've been doing. But is there any difference between the systems and semis onboarding in terms of profitability for you guys? Those are my two questions. Thank you.
LipTan: Mitch, maybe I can answer the first question first, about the system company. And then we provided end-to-end EDA portfolio. And also with our intelligent system design, we are moving up into the system analysis area and also the packaging side and then as you can tell, this generation waves in the 5G, and also the hyperscale, and then autonomous driving, and really the system companies starting to engage by actively with us, because we are providing a suite of solutions that we're looking for. So, I think it's kind of accumulation of the last 12 years continued working on it. So, we are delighted and now getting closer to the 45% of the revenue. And for them, clearly, the system, the packaging not just silicon development is critical for them, and we can provide an integrated solution for them so that they can design a complex system that they're looking for. And so, we are excited about this opportunity, and our strategy of not investing and behind it, and so we are glad to see the performance.
JohnWall: Yes, Mitch and to the second part of your question there that, like I say there's a higher than normal profitability, I think, for us in the system analysis business, and it's been growing really fast for us. I mean if I look at incremental margins, I call it my prepared remarks this, where we're at -- it's a midpoint of our outlook for 2021, we're expecting our non GAAP operating margin to grow by about $550 million over the five year period from since 2016. And that's about 51% of the revenue growth if you calculate the revenue growth over that period of time, and then when I compare the midpoint outlook for 2021, against to 2019, I did the same exercise and I got 51% again before the impact of NUMECA, with NUMECA it kind of takes it just down under 50%.
MitchSteves: Okay, so just to clarify and make sure I understand this correctly, system analysis, it sounds to me and maybe I'm reading this too much into this. You're seeing like a step function in your 3D clarity business, or am I reading too much into this?
LipTan: I think we also have all this hyperscale guy and some of the system company service provider, they're quietly also building a semiconductor custom silicon design. And so our entire suite from the design excellent, from the EDA, IP, and then plus our system analysis plus upon acquisition we make in AWR and Integrand of providing a lot of system for the 5G and also the industrial group.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pradeep Ramani from UBS.
PradeepRamani: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on a great quarter and a very solid guide. I just had a couple of questions, maybe on last one and then have a follow up. How are you thinking in terms of the mix you're seeing coming out of China versus the rest of the world? I mean last quarter returns a little bit more towards IP and hardware, but it feels like your growth is now increasingly becoming more broad based in China and driven by EDA and software as well. Is that a correct read?
LipTan: Yes, let me answer that. It's Lip Tan. So clearly APAC is a strong growth of region for us. And then we have done well in China on Q3 and Q4. And then as you know, China is heavily investing in semiconductor industry. So in some way, now we have broad portfolio of EDA to IP, and even the system analysis, and some of the packaging, and then the 3D packaging, and it becomes critical for them. And so I think overall, we support the customer globally. And then China especially strong and we will continue to complying with the order export control requirements, but meanwhile, so far, knock on wood, we see strong momentum over there.
JohnWall: And Pradeep I would that there, that's the -- like if you step back from looking at any individual quarter or half, and you look at the three year CAGR, I think our growth is accelerating across all regions in our outlook for 2021.
PradeepRamani: Great. And for my follow up, you had a very strong year on IP. How do we think about the sustainability of growth in IP going forward? Given of course, there are longer term drivers, but just coming off of such a strong year?
LipTan:  Yes, so I think it's a good question. IP is tending to be lumpy. But so far, we like in and did IP outsourcing trend. And we have a strong portfolio, in terms of DDR, CIE, and also the SerDes is a must have for the hyperscale. And also some of the Tensilica in terms of audio, and also the automotive sector. So overall, we are delighted last year, it's a strong year, but as you know it's a very lumpy upfront. And so we never continue to focus on it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Celino from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
JasonCelino: Hi, sorry about that. Sorry, I was on mute. The first question on NUMECA acquisition. I know it's pending. But maybe can you speak to the, what is so attractive about that business? I know CFD is a pillar physics part of the market? And then make versus buy there. I mean what factors went into acquiring versus just building in?
LipTan: Anirudh, do you want to take this one?
AnirudhDevgannd: Yes, definitely. Yes, that's a good question. So as you know, we are pretty excited about our move into system analysis, which is driven by our expertise in computation software, or numerical mathematical software. And we have a lot of expertise in that organically, as we saw in the development of clarity, which is a 3DM Solver, that been generating a lot of good results. And the second thing we are excited about is the customer synergy, a lot of customers, as we discussed, we have a lot more system companies, and they are asking for the system analysis capability, okay. And then the question becomes whether to organically develop or to acquire, and we look at the space. And in terms of system analysis, CFD is a very critical area, is one of the largest market segments with lot of vertical application, and NUMECA has very good technology, more than 450 customers. So we are pleased to welcome them to Cadence with this pending acquisition. And I think that can be used as a basis to expand further expand and expand more in R&D with our competition software strength, and expand more with our customer base. So we are very happy to use them with their expertise in CFD to expand into this very, very exciting area for us.
JasonCelino: Okay, and then my quick follow up with this is I think you mentioned that it was a 3x TAM expansion with acquisition in the CFD. Does that 3x TAM expansion also include other physics like structurals, or is that just CFD alone? Thank you.
AnirudhDevgannd: So in terms of system analysis that is a pretty big segment, and it's about $6 billion, we estimate and the other good thing about it is that it is growing rapidly. There is always more need for more and more simulation. What the estimate is clarity in Celsius is about $800 million in addressable market, which is EM and thermal. And CFD is about 1.6. So CFD, triples are TAM from 800 to about 2.4.
Operator: Next question comes from a line of Jason Ader from JPMorgan.
JacksonAder: Great. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. The first question is in the 175 Cloud customers, what does that mix in terms of systems versus semiconductor companies look like?
LipTan: Yes, we don't have a breakdown on that. Clearly, we are very excited in our customer and is clearly our solution provide that flexibility. And also different use model and either as a Cadence manage. And so overall, we providing EDA software and Palladium platform are the most important is providing the productivity and scalability. So I think overall, we are excited about 175 customers; we didn't pick down in terms of semiconductor or System Company, but overall, both are strong for us.
JacksonAder: Okay, and then, John, you mentioned that not expecting China to be as active in upfront revenue in 2021. So, any particular reason? I mean, was it politically driven, why that particular geography had a bigger mix of hardware in IP in 2020?
JohnWall: When we have more hardware in any one quarter in any one region, you're going to have a higher mix of upfront revenue in that region in that quarter. And we saw that with a strong Q3 for in the functional verification space and a lot of that strength within China. And when I was looking for signs of a pulling in Q3, and to try and figure out that, was there some acceleration of purchasing that came out at 2021, or did it come out of Q4, where people just preparing with the pandemic, where they're just trying to get their hardware delivered earlier for fears of delays due to the pandemic, but and then what we looked at I was waiting for the view of the pipeline, pipeline for 2021 is very strong. And when I look at that, and compared it to one and a half of what was different about the second half of 2020, for China, what I did notice is because of that hardware, but we had a higher mix of upfront revenue in the region in the second half than we would normally see. I'm not sure if that's sustainable. I mean, it looks like we're off to a strong start, again, in Q1. But for the purposes of determining an outlook for 2021, I assume that sort of a safe is to assume a return to our usual recurring revenue mix, which could prove to be conservative for the second half. But I'd rather go with outlook, assuming that we return to the usual recording revenue mix, than assume that that's growth that we saw on the second half of 2020 continues. I mean, if it does, when we have increased visibility into revenue, the second half, we can update our outlook at that time when we see it. But I just I didn't want to go with too stronger second half right now until I have a clear visibility into the pipeline into the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Joe Vruwink from Baird.
JoeVruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. John, you've been referring to the tables in the release. And I'm interested in the one that breaks it down three year CAGR adjusted for the extra week by product group. If you think into 2021 and again, just adjusting for the week comparison, would you expect kind of similar dynamics between the product segments where IP and system design should remain kind of the fastest growers? Or are there any new developments at a product level to consider as 2021 goes on that might influence some of the trend we've seen?
JohnWall: Good question. I mean, we don't -- we're not guiding by individual product category. But if you see, if you look at the three year CAGR for 2018-19 and 2020 on that, you see that don't change dramatically year-over-year, particularly on the three year CAGR view but the books -- the ones you call the IP and system design analysis are kind of are the smaller dollar values but so they have the benefit of growing from smaller numbers. And in the past, we've seen those go faster, but in relation to new products that I think that the amount of innovation that we've seen and new product releases and preparation that we've seen from the R&D group They haven't slowed down at all. If anything, they're accelerating in their new product development, even through the pandemic, which has been fantastic. But typically on an earnings release, we wouldn't announce any new products; you'll see those CDM lives, which probably start around late March, April time.
JoeVruwink: Okay, great. And then this next question might be product development related, but because if I heard Anirudh correctly, systems design is maybe a $6 billion total opportunity. And given the solvers you introduced or the new CFD being acquired, you're up to $2.4 billion. And so is -- are there other categories or additional things that you have in mind that we can maybe expect you growing into over the next few years?
AnirudhDevgannd: Yes, that's a good point. And first of all, I want to highlight that we are building out this multi physics platform. And CFD is a pretty big segment of that market. So we started with finite element and electromagnetic and then now go to CFD. And there are a lot of commonalities there. So I believe that it presents a lot of opportunities to us like we mentioned tripling our addressable market. Now there might be more in the future, we always look for that. But at the same time, the current electromagnetics and CFD already has a large market segment that we busy addressing. So the answer is yes, if some opportunities come we will systematically expand but already, that's a good opportunity for us.
Operator: Your next question comes on line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
JohnPitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for me ask questions. Congrats on the solid results, John as you rightfully pointed out in your preamble, if you adjust for the extra week, and some of the unexpected revenue in 2020, your initial guide for 2021 is already embedding sort of double digit growth. And I know you said that it's too early to say if that's the new norm, but I guess I'm kind of curious what are you looking at to be able to make that call that this might be the new normalized growth rate and Lip-Bu, as you talk about, potentially a double digit secular growth rate? What do you think is driving that? Is that sort of specific to Cadence and your strategy? Do you think this is core EDA customers? Do you think it's the proliferation of customers into non traditional areas like hyperscale systems and autos? Could you give us a little bit of help on that that would be appreciated?
JohnWall: So John, I can take care your -- the first part of your question, then I'll pass it over to Lip-Bu. In relation to the strong first half guide, and strong first quarter guide, most of our revenue is software. And most of it's recurring revenue, we expect recurring revenue to make up 85% to 90% of our revenue for the year. So it's very, very predictable, and very, very predictable, certainly, in the near term, but where I had some difficulty was projecting what upward revenue might be out in Q3 and Q4. So the output for the second half is more conservative than the -- I mean the first half is very, very predictable in terms of great visibility into the pipeline, we're off to a really strong start in Q1 already on the upfront business, and so much that revenue is recurring in the first half but yeah we're seeing accelerating revenue growth. The challenge in the second half, of course, is we're lacking very tough comps, against the second half of 2020. And I just don't have the visibility into the upfront pipeline for Q3 and Q4 yet.
LipTan: Yes, on the second question, now let me describe, I think, is kind of exciting about this renaissance of semiconductor with the five generation waves happening at the same time, AI, machine learning or about data, data analytics, 5G, and then the cloud infrastructure has to change because all this massive data coming in, and then how do you address that network scaling, and then storage is aggregation. So it's a lot of changes to the infrastructure. And there's a lot of fueling a lot of design activity. So that's why we see a lot of design activity not just from the semiconductor players, now the system player, and then the whole industry 4.0 they all move into AI machine learning, the digital transformation that drive a lot of semiconductor. So overall, the industry is moving in the right direction to us. And meanwhile, I think clearly Cadence with intelligent system design strategy really tie in really well from the design excellence that providing the tool in IP. Now we move to the next level of system innovation that Anirudh talk about the system analysis, and of the CFD and the physics and multiphysics model, then the next thing is move up into the pervasive intelligence that using AI machine learning data analytics, drive all the vertical industry, that is major transformation going on. So I think we are well positioned to capture that opportunity.
JohnPitzer: And then guess my second question is, clearly when you look at China's region, from Q4 of 2019, to the back half of last year, it almost doubled as a percent of revenue. And John, you clearly talked about, potentially some one times that came in the back half of the year that you're not embedding sort of in the guide for 2021. I'm just kind of curious as we think about currently China at about 17%, what's kind of core embedded as a percent of revenue when your 2021 guide realizing that that's subject to change. And if you think longer term with China's aspiration, is this about the right level as a percent of revenue? Or would you expect this on a secular basis to continue to grow over time?
JohnWall: Again individual quarters, I wouldn't focus too heavily on any one individual quarter or even half. I mean, it was a tremendous second half for us in China. And 2020 was a strange year. I mean, with pandemic with the extra week in Q4. I mean, you'll see in Q3 we have a lot of strength in our functional verification group in Q4, you'll see the software businesses performed really, really well. Of course, it had the benefit of the extra week was a 14th week in your normal 13 week quarter but and we have one less week in the second half of 2021. But we're very, very pleased with the growth we're seeing in China. It looks like it's continuing on. We're seeing that strength continue on into Q1, the pipeline is strong seeing in the first half. I just wanted to be conservative in the outlook for the second half until I have better visibility into second half upfront revenue pipeline.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Tom Diffely of D.A. Davidson.
TomDiffely: Yes. Good afternoon. Maybe first just a clarification for John. When you look at your expectations for 8% revenue growth and 8% OpEx growth and the lack of leverage there. Did you say that was primarily due to just NUMECA acquisition increased cost?
JohnWall: No, it's not. Certainly not primarily due to the NUMECA acquisition. I think in terms of expense growth, our headcount is up 8%. Our headcount increased by 8% during 2020. And we're investing heavily again and in hiring in 2021. NUMECA will come into the mix where we hope for the second half of Q1 and then the remainder of the year from an expense perspective, we expect merit to hit this, merit increases will be July again. So that will be -- you'll see a slight uptick there in expense in Q3 and Q4 and the growth and expenses through the year that would typically come from that as being offset by some more efficient infrastructure spend that we have planned as the year progresses, if you look at our 10-K that we filed, you'll see that we initiated a restructuring plan in Q4 2020 to optimize our spend on infrastructure but expense mix in 2021. I think if you compare 2021 versus 2020, you're probably seeing in 2021 we're spending more on people and less on places and we were in 2020. That's kind of driving some of the margin profile.
TomDiffely: Okay, that's very helpful. And then follow up for Lip-Bu, when you look at the cloud, you talked about 100 satisfied customers, what do you think the long-term adoption is for EDA with the cloud and do you think some of your really large customers will move the majority to the cloud at some point? And if they do, what does that do to your cost structure?
LipTan: Now very good question. So now this is still a very early stage, we are very encouraged with 175 customers. And clearly, we want to make sure that our initial product in terms of system and analysis, we can be cloud native, because we start from scratch. And then some of the EDA tool, we have different stage of moving to cloud native. And then the really the Holy Grail is basically drive the productivity efficiency for our customer. And then our partnership with the hyperscale partners and infrastructure planners and also the foundry partners are critical in this effort. And so right now we have across small, medium, large customer embracing on cloud. And truly, I think as you can imagine, you have unlimited usage of machine server at your exposure, and then so that you can really drive the performance, productivity significantly. So I think that's as a trend we are just in the beginning early stage but we are very encouraged with the customer support in order to continue to grow, clearly, our partnership with the hyperscale partners, and also the foundry partners are critical. Because of their PDK or the different solution they have, we want to make sure that we work with them together, and support our customer, and also addressing the needs of customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Gal Munda from Berenberg Capital.
GalMunda: Hi, thanks for taking my question. The first one, I just wanted to follow-up briefly on NUMECA and more generally on your ambitions within the kind of mechanical simulation space. If you think about the convergence that's happening with NUMECA, now you said you have the CFD, you have the finance element analysis as well. So like how far do you think your portfolio is based on what you have to be able to take it where you want it to be in R&D terms versus potentially doing more of those tuck-ins in the C&E space?
AnirudhDevgannd: Yes, that's a good question. Let me take that. This is Anirudh. So like I mentioned this move is driven by three factors, right, and our strength and competition software. Our customers are asking for more and more system analysis, system design capabilities, like Lip-Bu mentioned, and the overall need for simulation. And I think we are still in the early innings. But we feel confident about this space, as demonstrated by our results in clarity and other products. And CFD is a pretty important area. I mean I think one of the biggest segments in system analysis. And the good thing about CFD, it has lots of vertical applications all the way from automotive, aero and defense all the way to medical. So I think that's a pretty significant expansion of our platform. And we are happy with this progress. We are patient and like John mentioned, this segment is profitable. So, we will continue building across this. And keep providing the best solution to our customers.
GalMunda: Making sense. Thank you. And then just as a follow-up, maybe just expanding a little bit on the growth drivers of the businesses, Lip-Bu, you mentioned, there's Moore's Law-based growth at the leading edge customers, and there is more than Moore's Law, which is kind of the system side. Considering the investments you're making on the system side, can you just comment a little bit on the growth, how it maybe 2020, how it corresponded between the leading edge and the systems companies in terms of that contribution to get you whatever we want to say, 13% to 15%, depending on which number we're looking at? Thank you.
LipTan: That's a very good question. And so I think we are very well positioned to be able to do both, and then clearly the hyperscale, mobile and they are driving a lot into the Moore's Law. And as I mentioned that we are very delighted, we have more than 100 projects on five nanometer and below process node development with our customers. And we have earlier collaborations on two nanometer process. So I think we know this is a very advanced, and we were delighted and we are very honored to work with the marquee customers that are pushing the envelope, and we're really excited about that development. On the other hand, we are so well positioned in our custom mixing, analog, and packaging, and like the 5G wireless industrial group, they are really moving into this mixed signal. And clearly the most in Moore's and so that we are very well positioned and we double down with some of this AWR and then the Integrand acquisition driving from the RF microwave requirement, especially in antennas side of some of these 5G integrations and then we have really good solution for that and customers see the benefit of working with us. So I think we are very well positioned on both sides. That's why we highlight that from our portfolio point of view. And those both engines are really taking off. And we are very excited engaging with the best company to work with us.
Operator: Next question comes from a line of Rich Valera from Needham.
RichValera: Thank you. Let me add my congratulations on the rule of 50 last year. Question I think is for Anirudh on the system analysis, go-to-market, just wondering data you have been doing through the standard sales channel? And what do you -- do you have any overlay sales and/ or specialized applications for system? And how are you thinking about scaling up any kind of dedicated system resources as you scale up that business?
AnirudhDevgannd: Yes, thanks, Rich. It's a great question. And of course, one is developing great product. And the other is go-to-market or helping our customers deploy those products. And the second part is as important as the first part. And especially for the system business, there are multiple facets to it. In the semiconductor business, or the big, large system companies we operate mostly to a direct channel, okay. But if you remember, we also have our Allegro business, which is our packaging business, we do quite well in PCB and packaging with Allegro and Allegro does have already, we do have an indirect channel. And like Lip-Bu mentioned earlier cloud is important going forward. So for the system business, I envision three channels, we will be building three channels, one is the direct channel, because lot of the big companies and big system and semi companies, anyway wants system tools, like you mentioned, and expanding our indirect channel like we have for Allegro and expanding it to overall system design analysis. And then the SaaS channel, which are cloud based channel for, especially for smaller companies that don't have lot of data centers, and are more attractive to use on the cloud. So as we go through the system design and analysis we do have to build out these three facets of our go-to-market. And we are working all of them in different stages. But the sense of a direct channel helps us with our big customers. And then indirect and SaaS can help us with some of the smaller longtail customers. But that's a very important part of the overall go-to-market strategy.
RichValera: Understood, and thanks for those details. And then John, follow up for you. You're given a backlog reserve number last quarter of $58 million, which I think it comes down from $70 million originally, and I'm assuming that came down materially in the fourth quarter, can you tell us where that is today?
JohnWall:  Yes, of course, Rich. But yes we collected -- we had a collection windfall of $26 million in the second half out of that $70 million, but I think the majority of the balance of the $70 million is lost. I mean, those customers have, and many of those customers have closed their doors. I think we're in single digits and millions in terms of the ones we're left tracking, that could potentially be recoverable. But right now in my outlook, I'm assuming it's not recoverable. But you're talking maybe $9 million, $10 million left over that $70 million that could possibly be recovered. But like you say, right now I'm assuming it doesn't get recovered. We recovered $26 million of the other $60 million.
Operator: Your final question comes from a line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
JayVleeschhouwer: Thank you and like to direct both of my questions to Anirudh. First, we've heard for years of course from the EDA companies for ongoing design activity among your customers that that's remained robust. We've also heard of the general direction of design style or types from general purpose chips to more to specialty kinds of designs, what we don't often hear about is how customers design methodology may be evolving and I'm wondering if there are any issues that we might want to talk about regarding for example, hierarchical versus flat which has been consideration for chip design now for two decades or more is, are there any new applications or issues for that as it might pertain to or affect any of your EDA tools or new technologies such as AI spatial or design space exploration. And then relately there are a number of questions this evening already regarding system analysis and your broader ambitions in computational software. One thing we see on the other side of engineering software, the world you're approaching towards a unified data platforms and common platforms for data management and the like, which you don't really seem to have. You do have multiple stacks for your various functional areas. Could you talk about how you're thinking about unifying or moving to a more common platform of that kind?
AnirudhDevgannd: Hey, Jay. These are great questions. Well, first of all, we want to make sure that we have best in class product, right. So whether that's digital design or verification and system analysis, so we always as you know this technology business best product wins. And at the same time, have a unified platform to go with it. And this is how we did digital implementation; this is how we did verification. So both parts are important to have best in class products, whether that's a finite element, electromagnetics or CFD, and then there are opportunities to combine them in a much more unified way, especially around data like you mentioned. So I completely agree that the need for unification but we also at the same time, want to make sure first, that the products are best in class you want a unified team, but each player has to be in a strong player. But there are a lot of opportunities for data platforms and analytics, like the Lip-Bu also mentioned earlier. Now, in terms of your first question of new methodologies, I mean, there are several things happening, if I have to pick one or two key things that are happening, what we see with the customers. So one big trend, which you probably already know is this move to 3D-IC, I think this is going to be significant for next several years. And it just changed a lot of methodologies in our customer base. And this is multiple, high end digital chips, or even analog RF chips on a package. And that I think is driving a lot of change, especially in cloud, in hyper scalar companies all the way to Consumer Company. And we do have historically a lot of strength in package, packaging with Allegro; of course we have a leadership platform in advanced node with Innovus. And then now the analysis tools with Clarity and Celsius. Because thermal is a big thing for 3D-IC. So I think this whole methodology of 3D-IC integration is one significant change that we do see in the customer base. And we are very excited about that because I think Cadence s in a unique position because of historical strength in analog and packaging, and digital and the new strength and system analysis.  And hierarchical you mentioned, I think that's always a big thing as things get bigger. And if you look at 3D-IC, this is another way to do hierarchical because if you have four chips on the package, you don't have to redesign all four of them. This is reused at a much higher level. So but I do think 3D-IC is a significant trend that is going to happen and we are well positioned for it.
Operator: I will now turn the call over to Mr. Lip-Bu Tan for some closing remarks.
Lip Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. I'm very excited about the growing market opportunities and business momentum going into 2021. Our intelligence system design strategy is playing out very nicely, as we benefit from new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation, and pervasive intelligence and then expanded total addressable market. We excelled in the challenging year, thanks to the deep partnership with our customers and our partners and the strong commitment of the outstanding Cadence team. And lastly, on behalf of all our employees, and the Board of Directors to give heartfelt thanks to those on the front lines who continue to work tirelessly in their effort to put this pandemic behind us. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-20 18:59:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mike and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Mike, and I would like to welcome everyone to our third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. I am joined today by Lip-Bu Tan, Chief Executive Officer; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call is available through our Web site cadence.com and will be archived through December 18, 2020. A copy of today’s prepared remarks will also be available on our Web site at the conclusion of today’s call. Please note that the discussion today will contain forward-looking statements and that actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company’s future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release we issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results. The reconciliations are available at the Investor Relations section of cadence.com. Copies of today’s press release dated October 19, 2020 for the quarter ended September 26, 2020, related financial tables and the CFO commentary are also available on our Web site. Note that Cadence is continuing to adhere to social distancing practices and therefore we are conducting today’s earnings call from our respective remote locations. Apologies in advance if there are any glitches or handoffs that take a little longer than usual. And now, I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Cadence achieved outstanding financial results for the third quarter of 2020. We exceeded our financial outlook on all key metrics as the Cadence team continues to successfully navigate through challenges posed by the pandemic. We also raised our outlook for the year. John will provide more details in a moment. The data centric revolution led by AI, data analytics, hyperscale computing continues to fuel strong semiconductor and system design activity. And our Intelligent System Design strategy uniquely positions us to enable our customers to accelerate their innovation. Now let us move on to the major highlights for the third quarter. Design Excellence is the foundational layer of our strategy and includes our core EDA chip design solution and IP portfolio. We significantly deepened our partnership with a global marquee customer through our wide ranging expansion of our EDA software and hardware portfolio. This customer is now accelerating the proliferation of our digital flow across their design teams. Momentum continued for our digital & signoff solutions with 9 full-flow wins and a market shaping auto maker taped out their highly innovative and complex 7-nanometer design using our digital full flow. Our Verification Suite comprised of best in class core engines across simulation, formal analysis, emulation and prototyping, is particularly well suited to address our customers mounting verification challenges. Hardware had its highest-ever revenue quarter, with Palladium Z1 and Protium X1 continuing to get new design wins and significant expansions, particularly at AI and hyperscaler customers. We introduced Xcelium ML, which uses machine learning to improve the regression throughput of our premier logic simulator by up to 5X. On the IP front, the top vertical end-markets for our Design IP in the quarter were hyperscale, enterprise and automotive, with a major hyperscaler adopting our PCIe and high bandwidth memory IP for use in 3-nanometer designs. Tensilica had strong royalties and wins for true wireless stereo and functional safety applications and was adopted by an automotive company for ADAS. In System Innovation, I’m very excited by the strong momentum of our new system products, both organically developed, as well as those we obtained through the AWR and Integrand acquisitions earlier this year. Earlier this month, we expanded our System Analysis portfolio with the addition of the Clarity 3D Transient Solver that delivers up to 10x faster system level EMI simulation. Clarity and Celsius continued to ramp nicely with broadening adoption, particularly in verticals such as AI, mobile and hyperscale segments. Systems companies like Teradyne and Rockley Photonics are deploying our Clarity EM simulator for production use. In the 5G/millimeter wave area, integration of our AWR and Integrand acquisitions continues smoothly, and the business is tracking ahead of our internal expectations. In Q3, we added more than 15 new customers in end markets that included 5G, automotive and aerospace & defense. Cadence has a long successful history in advanced packaging, which has become a linchpin technology for many systems companies, particularly automotive and hyperscalers, to deliver complex system level chip designs. In Q3, our innovative Allegro technology was used by a market shaping auto maker for their wafer level system packaging needs. Now, let us turn it over to John to go over the results in more detail and to update our outlook.
John Wall: Thanks and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report we exceeded all of our key financial metrics for the quarter. We had a strong revenue quarter in China as a result of better than expected hardware and IP sales in the region. This was the main driver of the improvement in our profitability for the quarter, contributing approximately 2% to our non-GAAP operating margin. Looking at the key results for the third quarter, starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $667 million, non-GAAP operating margin was approximately 36%, GAAP EPS was $0.58 and non-GAAP EPS was $0.70. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, our cash balance was approximately $1.3 billion, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $700 million. Operating cash flow for Q3 was $207 million. DSOs were 41 days, and during Q3 we repurchased $75 million of Cadence shares. Before I provide an updated outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2020, I'd like to take a moment to share the assumptions embedded in our outlook. Fiscal 2020 is a 53-week year and the extra week will add approximately $45 million of revenue to Q4. We've seen higher than expected levels of hardware and IP sales activity in China during Q3 and we have assumed this will continue into the middle of Q4. As a result, our outlook includes approximately $40 million for this increased level of hardware and IP sales activity in the second half. You will recall that we had removed $70 million of bookings from our backlog at the end of Q2 due to COVID-19 related customer credit risk. The credit situation slightly improved during Q3 and we’ve revised our estimate down to $58 million. And as usual, our outlook continues to assume that the export limitations that exist today for several customers remain in place for the remainder of 2020. Embedding the aforementioned assumptions, our updated outlook for Q4 is as follows. Revenue in the range of $720 million to $740 million, non-GAAP operating margin of 34% to 35%, GAAP EPS in the range of $1.97 to $2.01 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.68 to $2.72. We expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $840 million to $870 million and we expect to use approximately 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares in 2020. You will find guidance for additional items as well as further analysis in the CFO commentary available on our Web site. In summary, Cadence delivered another quarter of strong revenue growth and expanding profitability and naturally I'm pleased by this quarter's results. But we always recommend that you shouldn't focus too much on the results of any single quarter. What I'm most pleased about is the improvement in our three-year revenue growth CAGR, the fact that our team continues to operate very effectively during a pandemic and we're on track to achieve greater than 50% non-GAAP incremental margin for the fourth year running. I would like to close by thanking our customers, partners and our hardworking employees for all that they do. And I'd like to remind them all that their health and safety continue to be our first priority. And with that operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo.
Gary Mobley: Hi, guys. Let me first extend my congratulations on a strong second half progression. Related to the second half of the year, I wanted to ask about what seems to be about $65 million in extraordinary China-related revenue that maybe you didn't otherwise expect when the fiscal year started coming in the second half? To what extent is that influenced by some of the latest export restrictions and perhaps some customers over in China trying to get under the wire, so to speak? And then related to some of the mil/aero related export restrictions, have you further done some top down analysis on your existing customers in the serviceability of those existing customers?
Lip-Bu Tan: John, we can’t hear you.
John Wall: Sorry, I was on mute. Hi, Gary. That's a great question. In terms of China, the strength in China was higher than expected. We valued it at about $40 million. We think the second half of the year benefits from, like $45 million for the extra 53rd week of revenue and probably $40 million for this kind of spike in China revenue that we believe is mostly non-recurring revenue. But it's – you saw that the China percentage is about 17% in Q3. That's 4% higher than the previous record level. I’d like to say our valuation of that is about 40 million to the second half; split about two thirds, one third between Q3 and Q4. But I understand the concern about is there a pull-forward from next year? It's too early for us to say right now. What we can say is that that extra revenue is generally and predominantly non-recurring in nature, but I won’t know until early next year when I look at the pipeline whether it impacts '21.
Lip-Bu Tan: And clearly hardware and IT are big growth for us. And again we comply with all the U.S. export control regulations. And then China’s semiconductor is still a very strong storage engine.
Gary Mobley: Okay. As it relates to margins, you guys are just killing it on the operating margin. And I guess it's contrary to what we would have thought given the higher mix of hardware-related revenue. What’s sort of I guess inner workings there as it relates to hardware mix, is China related to hardware mix that is much more profitable than say domestically originated hardware sales?
John Wall: Yes, Gary, naturally we were continuing to invest in R&D, but hiring was slower than expected in Q3. And also the pandemic is helping margins with a little less teeny. We seem to be creeping up into like 33% to 34% range. We're probably at the high end of that range for as long as the pandemic helps us to keep certain expenses lower. But for Q3, we got an additional margin benefit of about 2% for that extra hardware and IP revenue in China, which is mostly non-recurring and one time in nature. I've assumed that continues into the middle of Q4 and we get about 1% extra benefit in Q4. And the extra week is actually about 0.5% of a headwind to margins in Q4 that – which are the baseline for margin is probably in the 33% to 34% range and there's some one-time things that are helping us in Q3 and Q4.
Gary Mobley: Got it. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the questions. Congratulations on solid results. John, just a follow up on that. Can you help us better understand how much of a tailwind kind of the pandemic has been relative to OpEx, i.e. when we get back to a more normal state, how do we think about kind of op margin related targets?
John Wall: Yes, John, great question. Like you say, I think we're probably solidly into the 33% to 34% range for operating margins right now. But with the pandemic-related items kind of lower T&E and things like that helping us to land at the higher end of that range. If we didn't have a pandemic, we’d probably be toward the lower end of that range. And then when you look at the – and the bridge from our Q3 performance at 36% margin, which had the benefit of like 2% for that extra time to revenue. For Q4, I'm assuming 1% for the extra China revenue and then about 0.5% of a headwind because of the extra week. If you back out the extra week and Q4 was in a normal 52-week year, but we probably had 35% but it will come in at about 34.5% we think at the midpoint, including the extra week.
John Pitzer: And then just coming back to China, I'm sure you saw I think on Thursday evening of last week the Department of Commerce, this came out with some new emerging technologies to put on the export list and it's oftentimes difficult to translate government language into industry language. But there were some commentary around computational lithography software. I'm just curious, is there anything that came out of that ruling last week that would impact sort of EDA? And I guess as you look out over the course of calendar year '21, what are the puts and takes as U.S.-China tension continues to impact?
Lip-Bu Tan: That's a good question. As I mentioned earlier, we comply with all the export control regulation. And clearly the situation is very fluid as of last week and we continue to monitor it closely about this computation and any impact to the EDA. And clearly we continue to drive global customer success and providing the best tool in IP, but meanwhile we comply with the regulation and it's very fluid. We’re just monitoring closely to do the best thing that we can.
John Pitzer: But just a follow on. Is there any benefit from Chinese customers to order more than they need now and if they're concerned about potentially being cut off later, or does that not really help them in a situation where the band tightens?
John Wall: John, you can certainly speculate on that. But we can't really tell what the motivation for our customers is for the additional purchases during Q3. At the moment, we can't really tell with a high degree of certainty if the strength in China in the second half is a shift from '21 revenue into '20. I think you're right to be cautious about it, but we can't tell if it's a shift or if it's just – what I can tell you is that it is one time generally in nature, most of it is one-time revenue because it's coming from hardware sales and IP. But whether it impacts '21 or not, I don’t know. We’ll know more in January.
John Pitzer: Thanks, guys. I appreciate it. Congratulations again.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets.
Mitch Steves: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I’ve got two. I got to start with the proverbial kind of M&A question assuming that Nvidia ARM closes, are you going to see any impact from that and maybe some comments on kind of the speculation around AMD and Xilinx as well? I think that settles a big topical point several years ago, but I just want to get a rehash and any sort of impact do you think from the recent M&A transaction may occur?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, let me try to answer that. And first of all, we are not able to comment on any speculations on the Nvidia and ARM and then clearly they are a great company and ARM is a very important partner for us, for Cadence, and we are well positioned with ARM to serve our common customer. I think clearly time will tell and I’ll get approval. And so I think that’s on the Nvidia and ARM. And then on the AMD and Xilinx, they are all very good companies and we like them a lot. And clearly over the years, we managed well through consolidations and our very proactive engagement with the companies. And then any consolidation, they're all unique in respect to the vendor. They are all good companies and I think I cannot go beyond – to comment any beyond that.
Mitch Steves: Okay. Maybe just to clarify that, so I guess on the ARM and video piece in a scenario, so we'll just go through the scenario that RISC-V loses market share to ARM. Does that impact at all the EDA space?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. And again, we are supporting customer and then depend on whether they cope with ARM or RISC-V, but clearly ARM is very well positioned with that ecosystem in place in the software and we continue to work closely with ARM, and then meanwhile keeping a close eye. If a customer wants to have RISC-V, then we will support the customer.
Mitch Steves: Okay. Perfect. And then my second one is just going back to kind of the 3D Solver opportunity. From what we've seen, chiplet architecture is continuing to take off and that requires a lot of RF. And it seems like you guys are very well positioned on that. So I guess why is there not more I guess more marketing or more logos to talk about on that front? Because it seems like the product you guys have is significantly better than Ansys. So if you could talk about what you guys are seeing there. Is that a COVID issue in terms of getting more sales or is it just not something you want to highlight yet?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think I noticed in our system design analysis is a very important growth engine for us and clearly we are excited about the system complexity on the advanced design, like 5G, automotive and HPC applications. And so clearly the system level analysis is very critical for them, but delighted with the organically developed and also the AWR/Integrand acquisitions that we have. So we have a very nice portfolio that the customer is delighted with us. And then clearly another 15 new customers – more than 15 new customers in this quarter for Clarity and Celsius is very exciting for us. And then we also announced the Clarity 3D Transient Solver that shows 10x faster system level EMI simulation. So I think all-in-all, we are excited about another opportunity and we like to be under promise over deliver. And meanwhile, we do the right – the marketing at the right time. But so far, I think we take one step at a time. And then to support our customer, that's more important.
John Wall: And Mitch, I would just like to add to that that we recognize revenue ratably on our systems analysis products. It's still early days. Our plan is to win mind share [ph] first and then market share will follow. We've got plenty of repeat orders from these system companies and more than 15 came from AWR/Integrand.
Mitch Steves: Okay. Perfect. Another great quarter, so I’ll jump out of queue.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the strong results. For my first one, I'm curious about how you think about your non-China growth this year? It's about 6% year-on-year so far this year. Would you call that trend growth, above trend, below trend, just how does that compare to what you thought the non-China growth would be at this point of the year? Just anything that has surprised you in terms of the non-China aspect versus what you thought before, whether it is customers or end markets or what have you?
John Wall: Hi, Vivek. This is John Wall here. I'll take that question. But certainly 2020 was always going to be a very unusual year when we have the extra 53rd week for revenue that we're operating in the middle of a pandemic, you're seeing some China revenue spike in the second half of the year for us and we always tell people not to focus too intently on any one quarter. Personally, the way I look at it is I tend to track the three-year CAGR. If you look at our CFO commentary, you'll find on Page 2 of the commentary. I put the three-year CAGR view on there because I find that particularly helpful myself. But adjusting for the impact of the occasional 53rd week that impacts our numbers, you'll see there that our three-year revenue CARG was showing a consistent level of about 8% revenue growth per year up to about 2018. It ticked up to 9% last year in 2019. And then based on our guidance for the remainder of this year, 2020 now looks like it's going to be a solid 10% three-year CAGR growth year, albeit with a China tailwind. But even if you assume that $30 million, China revenue spike is one-time only and back that out of our second half, our three-year CAGR is still close to around 9.5%. So I think our typical contract cycle is two to three years. So if you stand back and take like a three-year view of things, that you probably get a more discernible trend in terms of what's happening with each line of business. But it's difficult to look at any one quarter and extrapolate from that.
Vivek Arya: Right and I appreciate that, John. I was actually looking just year-to-date the non-China growth was about 6% and was 9% last year, and what I'm trying to discern is, is there some macro impact there, i.e., if, let's say, next year hopefully the global economy picks up, does the non-China growth also start to reaccelerate? That's what I was trying to get a better sense for.
John Wall: Yes, we're certainly seeing strong design activity in China. But I don’t know, Lip-Bu, do you have anything to add to that?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think in terms of longer run, I think I'm quite bullish about the semiconductor and system design. Clearly the opportunity and I call it the five generation waves and they're going to increase the design activity. And then meanwhile, we continue to work with the market shaping customer. We highlight this quarter we expanded and deepened our partnership with a global marquee customer in the proliferation of our digital flow. So I think all-in-all, I think we have to take a longer term view for that and look at quarter-to-quarter.
Vivek Arya: All right, Lip-Bu. And just a follow up. As you look at next year, outside of hyperscale what are the other two or three end markets that you're seeing the most level of kind of increasing design activity outside of hyperscale? Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. As I mentioned in my remarks, clearly the AI, data analytics and the hyperscale are the good drive engines for Cadence. And clearly beside the hyperscale in terms of massive infrastructure scaling and then the other part is some of this industrial automation and also the automotive. Some of this we highlight in the ADAS and the system level requirements. I think those are all [indiscernible]. It's very hard to predict quarter-to-quarter or next year, but I think in the long run I’m very excited about the opportunity and we are well positioned for Cadence.
Vivek Arya: All right. Thanks very much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Vruwink from Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hello, everyone. I'll maybe be guilty of analyzing one particular quarter, but it does look like a pretty meaningful acceleration and growth for systems analysis. And I'm just wondering, it sounds like the new solver products are moving in the right direction but because of the ratable recognition maybe not contributing as much to that number. So are we really just seeing kind of the broader secular trends in terms of companies spending more on their PCB modeling tools and of course that benefits Allegro? And as the other products are kicking in or as you continue to get momentum on AWR, you're looking at above company rates of growth continuing. Is that the right way to think about recent performance?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think they're very excited about this system design analysis space and this is one of the – if you recall, we have this design excellence as a foundation and now they’re moving up into I call it the intelligent system and we are very delighted with the acquisition of AWR and Integrand. And then with integrating with some of our current tools and make it very compelling to our customer in terms of driving some of the system analysis and the performance, EM solver related area and thermal related in the design. And then meanwhile we continue to drive some of the organically developed Clarity and Celsius that’s able to show clearly differentiating performance. And now we also announced additional of the Clarity 3D Transient Solver that’s able to show the performance and the EMI system level simulation. So I think all-in-all, I think this is a growth engine for us. We're excited about Cadence.
Joe Vruwink: Okay, great. Thanks, Lip-Bu. And then one more question and thinking about kind of the interweaving of tailwinds and headwinds into maybe next year's environment, because it sounds like China could see some normalization, $40 million is 200 basis points worth of growth. But one interesting thing that came up is some of the end markets that are adopters of your IP, things like automotive, aerospace are markets that obviously have had a pretty difficult 2020. So along the lines of an earlier question just in terms of maybe cyclical recoveries in some of your end market exposure, do you think there's enough there where – while China perhaps normalizes, you actually get a bit of an improvement in other areas and it essentially is a wash, so we're still looking at kind of the targeted high-single digit growth profile?
Lip-Bu Tan: John, do you want to answer?
John Wall: Yes, of course. Joe, this is John. Generally, you don't get too dramatic a shift in our results given the rate of a revenue model that we have and that most of our contracts are time based and over two to three years. That's why I included the three-year CAGR view on Page 2 of the CFO commentary, because that tends to be the way how I look at it. I'm always looking to see can we improve that three-year CAGR view. But if I'm looking out to 2021, of course, we're not giving guidance. We’ll be in a better position to give guidance for 2021 in the new year when we have a better visibility into the pipeline. But 2020 has been a great year. It's been a bit weird but wonderful, but I'd be more inclined to kind of extrapolate for 2021 off of prior year numbers and look at three-year CAGRs and try to extrapolate anything off of a 2020 year that's impacted by so many one-time things. But that’s kind of the way I look at it.
Joe Vruwink: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Celino from KeyBanc.
Jason Celino: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. One clarifying point on that marquee customer you talked about beginning, it's been a full year since we heard of another marquee customer expanding on the IP side. This expansion today, what does that entail and any other details maybe you could clarify?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, sure. So I think this global marquee customer, we are very excited in our business by wide ranging expansion of our EDA software and hardware portfolio. And they are accelerating proliferation of digital full flow across in our design teams. So this is something that we are very excited about this partnership and we're delighted. Clearly, our product really stands out in terms of performance. And then the other part is also clearly demonstrates the process – relationship we have and also our technology leadership of our key software and hardware solution for their most of the time challenging designs.
Jason Celino: Okay.
John Wall: Jason, I’d like to add there that we have many marquee customers and this one is a different marquee customer to the one we talked about last year.
Jason Celino: Great. Thank you for the clarification. And then one question on the system analysis customer you talked about. You actually mentioned two end markets; automotive and aerospace in events. It's the first time you talked about those verticals for Clarity and Celsius. Is this the case? And then, are these more of a net new customers to Cadence or are they kind of cross-sell ones?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think we mentioned two customers, Teradyne and Rockley Photonics, using our Clarity EM simulator. And we also mentioned about clearly 5G automotive and aerospace. We have traction in the income of 15 new customers. As you recall, these are the new organically developed products. So we don't have a new – this product in the past. So this is exciting for us. And this is just the beginning and so stay tuned, we’ll have more.
Jason Celino: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jackson Ader from JPMorgan.
Jackson Ader: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just following up on the marquee customer win that you talked about and Lip-Bu I mean in your prepared remarks you went through a number of different digital full flow wins and in customers and expansions. And I guess I'm just curious, what should we maybe be expecting from that digital design segment? Because even John if I look at your three-year CAGR on the digital segment, it’s slowed down this year relative to 2019. So just seeing whether we should be expecting some acceleration as we head into 2021, given all the strength you've seen in digital full flow?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think let me kick start and then John can fill in. So we're delighted. We have 9 full flow wins and also this global marquee customer proliferation and the other party – earlier parties here we're talking about innovative AI special [ph] that provided in 35 placements and physical optimization engines that’s able to show the 20% improvement in PPA and 3x faster throughput. Those are good. And then meanwhile, we are very laser focused on the market shaping customer working with them in the different design group and then also different tools that we are now pushing more the full flow and we are very excited of the progress we’ve made at Cadence.
John Wall: And Jackson, again, we wouldn't focus too heavily on any one quarter. Q2 and Q3 for digital were particularly impacted by the customer credit situation that we had. Now that's slightly improved during Q3 where we had about $70 million of bookings at the end of Q2 that we took out of our backlog because we didn't expect to get paid. Updating that 70 million, about 30 million of that has gone. Of the other 40 million that's left, we expect to recover about 12 million and we still think there's about 28 million that we won't recover. So that's improved the situation slightly in Q3. But I'm expecting a strong Q4. And you can see that in the guidance, not just from the extra week as well. And if you look at the entire year, we're expecting all of our product categories to grow high-single digits or double digits.
Jackson Ader: Okay, great. And just a follow up checking in on the cloud and cloud adoption, any kind of either usage metrics that you guys track or maybe a revenue contribution from cloud usage given 2020 has been such a remote year?
John Wall: Yes, we're not going to count revenue separately, but we did book our largest cloud order so far in Q3 and we've good momentum with 150 customers that have adopted our cloud solutions now.
Jackson Ader: Okay. Awesome. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Diffely from D.A. Davidson.
Tom Diffely: Yes. Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. So, Lip-Bu, just want to jump back to the processor question earlier and on just the fact that we're seeing the industry moves just from Intel base to all these other players, AMD and graphics chip, ARM based, that has to be good news for you, as you know, the more designs you have in leading edge, the better, I would assume. Is that correct?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, that's correct. And clearly the general purpose at CPU and GPU will be continued to do well and you can reflect that in Nvidia performance. But I think the workload has changed a lot into not just compute data, a lot of application domain specific and then optimization. So you'll see a different class of processor in the AI machine learning in the training, influence, and so there's a lot of new suite of development, either from startup or the established company. And also the hyperscale guys also has an ability to drive some of the processor optimized for their specific application and solution and the services to try to drive. So those are great news for us. That means that we have more design activity not only for our tool and also our hardware emulation, because some of them are really complex designs. And then also some of the system analysis because of the system level knowhow we highlighted in my remarks about the hyperscale guys also trying to drive wafer level packaging challenges. So I think we are excited about all this opportunity.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then I also wanted to get your view on just consolidation in general and what that means to EDA? And over the last five years there’s been several high profile customers of yours that have consolidated and it seems like it has very minimal impact on EDA in your ratable business with them. I'm curious, is that the way you think it is going forward as well where you don't worry too much about consolidation among your customer base?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think that consolidation always I pay attention to it and we try to be proactive engagement, but the acquire order in acquired company and we make sure that we are creating a win-win to continue business. And clearly on all this consolidation, R&D is the last place they want to cut. So they're going to continue to drive innovation, continue to drive efficiency and that's why we want to be a great partner for them. And so far we managed well through consolidation in our customer base that has been taken place, and then each consolidation has their own unique way in terms of respect to vendors. But we are very respecting of what they try to do and we try to be a great partner with [indiscernible] and we are very proactive with them.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And as a final follow up here, John, when you talked about the extra week and the target was 43 million or 45 million of revenue, did I understand you correctly that the actual cost impact is more than that?
John Wall: No, it's not more but it is a headwind for margins though that the extra week is about $45 million to revenue and about $33 million to non-GAAP expense. So if you back those out, you'll find that the margin for 52 weeks is higher, but we're kind of running it at 33% to 34% kind of baseline for margin closer to the high end of that range because the pandemic is helping margins at the moment. And then for Q3, we’re 2% higher than that 34% because of the benefit of that spike in revenue in China that we've seen. We expect that to continue into the middle of Q4. So add about 1% for that, you get to 35% for Q4 for a normal 13-week quarter Q4. But when you add the 14-week – if you add in the 45 million of revenue and the 33 million of expense, you'll find that the margin impact backs it back down to a midpoint of 34.5.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Thanks for the detail.
Operator: Your next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Lip-Bu, let me start with you in terms of a question about the long-term implications of your Intelligent System Design and computational software strategy and then for you, John, a shorter-term question about hardware. So, Lip-Bu, we heard a good deal over the summer and again last week at the Cadence live events about your computational software strategy and Intelligent System Design. You've spoken of it. Anirudh has spoken about it, of course. And the question is threefold, which is what are the implications in terms of your R&D, specifically the organization or methodology of your R&D as you orient Cadence towards this new strategy or opportunity? Similarly in terms of sales and pricing that might be for you too, John. And last and certainly not least, the role and competencies that you look for in applications engineers which I believe are your second largest part of headcount after engineering, vis-à-vis the new strategy.
Lip-Bu Tan: Jay, thank you so much for the good questions. So a couple of things. So clearly, our core competency is computation software and then the Intelligent System Design is something that we believe is the right thing for us. It’s adjacent to us and also customer needs that. So besides just providing the EDA silicon development and now they were looking at the whole system analysis in terms of EM, the thermal envelope and then as you already pointed out clearly the application, the domain specific optimization are required. And so those are things that fit into our computation software really well and we’d like to gradually expand into that area that is adjacent to us. So in terms of your first question in terms of R&D methodology, clearly we are very laser focused on – initially focused on the tool that are really important to our customers, like Celsius and Clarity and we clearly have the advantage that we’re able to show multiple times improvement. Those are important to the customer and we are going to take that and we’ll take orders [indiscernible] they like to buy more and then proliferating more. And so we're going to double down on that and we are delighted with the additional of the 3D Clarity Transient Solver that shows again tremendous improvement to our customer and they're delighted on that. In terms of the pricing, I think John can talk to you more. We're very disciplined. We want to make sure that we provide the best solution to the customer. We want to price it correctly and then to serve the customer. And so I think in term of talent we're very laser focused on some of the talents that Anirudh, myself and the team are looking for the best talent in that space clearly from R&D and then also the [indiscernible] they're able to effectively serve the customer. Those are our priorities. And then John, back to you.
John Wall: Yes, I think Lip-Bu you covered most of it there. Was there something that you were asking Jay that Lip-Bu hasn’t already covered?
Jay Vleeschhouwer: No, that's fine. So turning to you, John, the shorter-term question, you've noted record hardware for the quarter and that's certainly substantiated by the increase in hardware cost of revenues that you show in the 10-Q. Interestingly though your inventories increased from the second quarter in which I assume are most if not entirely hardware. So in spite of the revenue upside in hardware, did you sustain an inventory build anticipating perhaps Q4, Q1 '21 shift scheduling by one or both of the marketing customers?
John Wall: Yes, Jay, we continue to maintain our inventory levels due to ongoing strong demand for the hardware products. We don't want to be caught short of inventory with the demand that's out there. The Palladium Z1 emulator is doing so well and so is the Protium X1 platform, that prototyping platform. So we're continuing to build inventory.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. And lastly, if I may, the physical verification and yield optimization category has been doing very well for a number of years now. Obviously, Mentor is a market leader there and their numbers have been quite strong. Could you update us on what's going on with Pegasus? Anirudh was quite definitive about that opportunity a year ago back when he talked about the respective changes in physical verification over the next number of years. So, what's actually happening for you there?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think – let me try to answer that. We are very excited about the Pegasus solution. It took quite a few years for us to develop and the engine is really good. And then first of all, we want to make sure that the advanced node in the foundry partners are certified because this is right into their manufacturing side, so make sure that the foundry partner certified this is a tool that they will support. We're very delighted that key foundry partners are certified in the whole range of certification on the different process node and the most advanced process node. And then now we're also starting to have multiple customers starting to embrace it, and then starting to use it. And then stay tuned. I think 2021 will be a very important year for us with all the certification in place for the most advanced node. And then now customer can confidently using that for their production design. So stay tuned.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pradeep Ramani from UBS.
Pradeep Ramani: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. I had a couple. First, just in terms of your memory exposure, I guess in terms of your share, do you feel like you have more share in memory versus logic or are they sort of comparable? And the reason I ask is there’s a lot of M&A speculation going on and this is not specific to respect to an M&A question, but in general I'm trying to understand your exposure to memory.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think – let me try to answer your question. So I think memory is more and more important in this whole data analytics and you want to be close to the memory in the storage. So this is one of the big areas for the hyperscalers and also the whole infrastructure plane. So memory is very essential. And so clearly from MEMS to HDM to some of the new memory development and so clearly we have a very strong foothold, and then we work with multiple of the memory customer. I think in the past, we highlight some of the memory success we have. And not only on the tool and the solution and also in the IP, some of the DDR, the PCIe, memory controller and FI [ph] and we have well positioned some of the key IP we have. So I think -- this is an area we have good position and we're going to continue to expand on it.
Pradeep Ramani: Okay. And my follow up is a little bit more on system analysis. So, we are hearing positive feedback on Clarity, especially versus competing tools. But I guess with the AWR and Integrand acquisitions, one, how did your prior 700 million pound sort of inflect [ph], how much higher does it inflect? And two, where are we with respect to the share gain on the organic side? Are you close to like 5% share already or how can you think about sharing this space as well?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so I think – first of all, I think as you correctly point out for the Clarity and Celsius market we are addressing, the share market is about 700 million. And we are just at the beginning and some of the big incumbents I think clearly, first of all, we have to demonstrate the performance better, make sure that the customer is really validated. But one of the key excitement for me is repeat orders, and when a customer is using them and they're starting to come back and buy more, that is a very clear validation of a performance is good. They like it. And then now the customer is starting to suggest all of the tools that they require to have, and while working closely with them and that's why we have the 3D Transient Solver come out. And then stay tuned, we have more exciting things we are working on internally developing. And then John and I, we always have a very discipline in some of investing the R&D. When we see the customer interested and then give us feedback what they want and then we can really look at ourselves, we can really developing that and have a cleared differentiating opportunity. And then plus the two acquisitions we made, the AWR and Integrand, clearly in the whole 5G and millimeter wave, our area and the system level, they starting to -- like automotive starting to see that this is a really good value they want to have and we are delighted to have continue to exceed our internal expectation. That is very encouraging for me.
Pradeep Ramani: Okay. And a quick follow up. I guess I just want to clarify this. So you said there were 15 – greater than 15 customers for Clarity and Celsius this quarter and that independent from 15 customers for AWR and Integrand or are they the same? I just want to understand that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think we mentioned about 15 new customers, clearly something that we are very proud of and clearly there’s opportunity and we add on this end market that we go after. And this is altogether on this whole system analysis.
Pradeep Ramani: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera from Needham.
Rich Valera: Thank you. I wanted to ask a question on your prepared remarks, John. You mentioned that system design and analysis was one of the drivers of your increased full year guide. And I was wondering if you could say, was it the new system in organic system simulation tools or the AWR/Integrand acquisition that was driving that?
John Wall: It's the combination of both and the commentary really stemmed from the fact that we expect that to be our fastest growing segment for the year now.
Rich Valera: Got it. That’s helpful. And then you mentioned that you were actually behind plan in terms of hiring in Q3, but it looked like you added about 300 heads which is the most you've added in a while. So just want to try to understand that dichotomy there?
John Wall: Yes, we're continuing to invest in R&D and a lot of that investment is in headcount. The reason I called out slower than expected hiring was that that was part of the reason why we had such a strong operating margin in Q3 in comparison to what we guided. We’re just slightly slower on hiring. That was a part of the contribution to lower expenses in the quarter than we expected.
Rich Valera: Got it, makes sense. Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joshua Tilton from Berenberg.
Joshua Tilton: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to follow up on the systems design and analysis segment maybe from a different perspective. Given that Clarity and Celsius are still in very early innings, when we look five years out, how should we think about this segment as a percentage of revenue?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I don't think we disclosed that by clearly we are excited about this opportunity. As we mentioned, this is kind of early innings and then we have some encouraging from our customer repeat orders. And then over a period of time, we'll do a broader portfolio so that we have whole solutions to provide. But we are just in the beginning. So we are excited about the very nice growth area and we can continue to innovate and continue organically develop and through acquisition to bear out this opportunity. I think this systems design and analysis is something that is part of our Intelligence System Design strategy.
Joshua Tilton: That’s helpful. And then just wanted to follow up. In terms of the Clarity and Celsius to date, are you seeing them being more competitive replacements or are your customers allocating incremental budget to supplement their existing simulation capabilities?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think this is a new business for us and we’re always excited to see that, all this new opportunity and design win, it's new to us and for this category of products. And I think more importantly, we are excited about the repeat orders from the customer. John, do you want to add on?
John Wall: Yes, I agree with you, Lip-Bu. Given that it's such a new business for us, it's hard for us to tell in terms of what budget is coming out of from customer space. I suspect it's additional budget that – but it's very, very difficult to tell. And it's difficult for us to speculate on that.
Joshua Tilton: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our final question comes from Krish Sankar from Cowen.
Krish Sankar: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had two of them. First one, Lip-Bu, I think there were some questions on consolidation and clearly your customer consolidation has not really impacted you or even Synopsys for that matter. How much of that is the size that your customers as they consolidate did not cut EDA budgets or even raise the EDA budget versus as your customers consolidated, even the suppliers consolidated between you, Synopsys and Mentor that kind of was a tailwind that you had?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, it's a good question. We are monitoring very closely, as I mentioned, on the consolidation. And you are correct. We managed well on all this consolidation. But one thing is, clearly I mentioned, R&D is the last place and then usually like as I mentioned earlier, this five generation of wave. And therefore much design activity, we don't see any slowdown and then some of the talents when they consolidate, they become somewhere else and then they showed up. And so R&D is now clearly double the computer science is very badly needed in terms of university. We love to see more because a lot of design activity and we don't see any slowdown at all.
Krish Sankar: Got it, that's really helpful. And then as a follow-up I don't know if you can answer, either Lip-Bu or John, can you disclose if you've gotten any letter from the government requiring a license to ship to any Chinese customer?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. John, you want to answer? I don't think – go ahead.
John Wall: Yes. So, Krish, we're doing everything we can to support our customers, but we're not disclosing any specific communications with the government.
Krish Sankar: Thanks, John. Thanks, Lip-Bu.
Operator: I will turn the call back over to Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Our Intelligent System Design strategy is playing out very nicely as we benefit from new opportunities in Design Excellence, System Innovation and Pervasive Intelligence, and an expanded total addressable market. I’m very delighted to share that Cadence has been recognized by FORTUNE and the Great Place to Work Institute as one of the World’s Best Workplaces, for a fifth time. This recognition is a result of our global employees’ commitment and dedication to innovation, to delighting our customers, and to taking care of our communities and each other. And lastly, on behalf of all our employees and our Board of Directors, we give our heartfelt thanks to all of them on the frontlines who continue to work tirelessly to fight this pandemic. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mike and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Mike. And I would like to welcome everyone to our second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. I am joined today by Lip-Bu Tan, Chief Executive Officer and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call is available through our website cadence.com and will be archived through June 12, 2020. A copy of today’s prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. Please note that the discussion today will contain forward-looking statements and that actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company’s future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release we issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review certain results using non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results. The reconciliations are available at the Investor Relations section of cadence.com. Copies of today’s press release dated July 20, 2020 for the quarter ended June 27, 2020, related financial tables and the CFO commentary are also available on our website. Note that Cadence is continuing to adhere to social distancing practices and therefore we are conducting today’s earnings call from our respective remote locations. Apologies in advance if there are any glitches or handoffs that take a little longer than usual. And now, I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I am very pleased to report that in an environment of continued uncertainty, we achieved excellent financial results for the second quarter of 2020. We exceeded our financial outlook on all key metrics, as the team successfully navigated through challenges posed by the pandemic. In view of continuing, strong broad-based demand for our innovative solutions, combined with a robust design environment, we are raising our financial outlook for the year. John will provide more details on our Q3 and annual financial outlook shortly. We are all going through unprecedented times and I hope that you and your families are staying safe and healthy. In this environment, our top priority continues to be ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees, customers and communities. Our employee base has adapted well to working from home, which appears to be the new normal, at least for the foreseeable future. Our R&D and customer deliverables are tracking well, and our sales and application engineering teams continue to engage effectively with our customers. We are increasing our investment in infrastructure and collaboration platforms in order to maintain high level of employee productivity. Fueled by the generational drivers such as 5G, AI and hyperscale computing, the data-centric revolution is accelerating semiconductor demand and design activity. As a result, we are seeing widespread demand for our EDA software, IP and hardware solutions and our Intelligent System Design strategy has us very well-positioned to benefit from these trends. Now, let us look at some of our Design Excellence highlights for the quarter. We have deepened our partnership with Renesas to accelerate their innovation, through a wide-ranging expansion of our EDA and hardware solutions. Our new digital full flow with the innovative iSpatial technology continued its momentum with 10 new full flow wins during the quarter. We expanded our partnership with Micron through a broader proliferation of our EDA solutions, including the deployment of our digital full flow for the development of their next generation products. Cadence collaborated with TSMC and Microsoft, to ensure customers to accelerate designs, timing signoff, using Cadence signoff solutions in TSMC technology on Microsoft Azure. Our Cadence Verification Suite delivers the best verification throughput and had several wins across mobile, networking and medical verticals. We deepened our relationship with a leading medical technology company as they expanded usage of our Verification Suite, digital and custom analog solutions. Our Xcelium simulator has been steadily proliferating, with multiple migrations from competitive simulators underway. We had another outstanding hardware quarter, with the compelling value proposition of the integrated Z1 and X1 combinations being increasingly attractive to customers. The Palladium Z1 emulator with its unique custom chip-based architecture, continued to win new customers and significantly expand capacity at existing key customers. Our Protium X1 prototyping platform has ramped strongly based on the differentiated ability to provide very fast bring-up time and high performance. The growth of analog, mixed signal and RF designs is driving the need for high performance and accurate circuit simulations. Our massively [parallel] [ph] Spectre X circuit simulator continued proliferating at multiple customers like Skyworks and won several competitive displacements, including at a market shaping hyperscaler. Q2 was an especially strong quarter for our IP business as it again delivered double-digit revenue growth. Our refined strategy of focusing on Star IP at the most advanced nodes continues to pay-off. Robust demand continues for high-speed SerDes and DDR IP and Tensilica had particular strength in Hi-Fi True Wireless stereo and vision applications, as well as strong royalties. Our System Innovation segment executed very well, delivering double-digit revenue growth. Several market shaping customers across multiple verticals have successfully used our 2.5D and 3D IC advanced packaging solutions on production designs. Integration of AWR and Integrand is progressing well with the teams working on developing a comprehensive high-frequency RF platform. Business momentum was strong and AWR added 6 new customers in Q2. The new System Analysis tools continue to gain momentum, with over 125 engagements underway, multiple new wins and expansions at several existing customers. New Clarity customers included a market-shaping hyperscaler and new Celsius customers included ASUSTeK. Now, I would like to take a moment and talk about inequality and racial intolerance. These significant societal issues have led to heartbreaking events over the past few months are very close to my heart. At Cadence, embracing diversity and fostering inclusion are key tenets of our culture. We believe that by being open to different views and perspectives, we learn from one another and together we become stronger as one team. We have several related initiatives underway, including training, pay equity, community donations, recruiting and career advancement support, among others. We are committed to treating each other with respect and dignity and are proud to take stand against racism, prejudice, intolerance and violence. Now, I will turn it over to John.
John Wall: Thanks, Lip-Bu and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased with our results for Q2 and updated outlook for fiscal 2020. For Q2, we exceeded all of our key financial metrics for the quarter. Back in April, we were expecting that some Q2 revenue might shift to Q3 in part due to the pandemic related challenges that we thought would delay a number of our Q2 IP deliveries and hardware installations into July and Q3. On reflection, business was stronger than we expected and our team adapted well to the delivery challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. Ultimately, those anticipated delivery challenges did not have the impact to our Q2 results that we originally feared. As with last quarter, our recurring revenue model gives us strong visibility into revenue for the remainder of fiscal 2020. Based on our experience in Q2, we are much less concerned about our ability to substantially overcome any hardware and IP delivery challenges caused by the pandemic, and we have factored that experience into our estimate of how much of our second half revenue we expect to record in Q3 and Q4. I will share more on the assumptions embedded in our outlook in a moment, but first let’s go through the key results for the second quarter starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $638 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was approximately 35%. GAAP EPS was $0.47 and non-GAAP EPS was $0.66. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Our cash balance was approximately $1.2 billion, while the principal value of debt outstanding was $700 million. Operating cash flow for Q2 was $345 million. DSOs were 45 days. And during Q2, we repurchased $75 million of Cadence shares. Before I provide our updated outlook for fiscal 2020 and what we expect for Q3, I would like to take a moment to share the assumptions embedded in our outlook. Our outlook continues to assume that the export limitations that exist today for certain customers remain in place for all of 2020. Our outlook also assumes that the COVID-19 pandemic will remain a challenge for the remainder of the year. As a result, we have taken steps to prepare our workforce to work from home for longer and we are anticipating that a number of our smaller customers will experience liquidity challenges that will likely result in some of those customers being unable to meet their contractual payment commitments. We have taken the precaution of pausing revenue recognition on bookings from customers, where we believe there is significant uncertainty surrounding our ability to collect payments. The financial impact of non-payment on those accounts has already been factored into our outlook for the remainder of the year. And with that, our updated outlook for fiscal 2020 is as follows: revenue in the range of $2.585 billion to $2.615 billion, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 33%, GAAP EPS in the range of $1.84 to $1.90, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.50 to $2.56 and we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $810 to $840 million and we expect to use approximately 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares in 2020. And here is how much of our annual outlook that we currently expect to record in Q3: revenue in the range of $630 million to $650 million; non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 32%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.49 to $0.51; non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.59 to $0.61; and we expect to repurchase $75 million of Cadence shares. You will find guidance for additional items as well as further analysis in the CFO commentary available on our website. In summary, Cadence delivered another quarter of strong revenue growth and expanding profitability and we are pleased to raise our outlook for the year. Before the pandemic, Cadence operated from around 50 sites across the globe. We are now effectively operating from a distributed network of more than 8,000 homes. We are blessed to have many strong leaders, located across the world and I am very impressed and thankful for how our employees are not only rising to the challenge, but positively thriving as they remain intensely focused on delivering successful outcomes for our customers and partners. Finally, I would like to close by thanking our customers, partners, and our hardworking employees for all that they do. And I would like to remind them all that their health and safety continues to be our first priority. And with that, operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ruben Roy from Benchmark.
Ruben Roy: Hi, thank you for taking my questions and congrats for continuing to perform so well in such challenging times. John, I want to start and just kind of drill into the commentary on this more customers and the liquidity challenges that you are talking about, are these ongoing conversations you are having with customers, have you seen some of this in the numbers that you have reported and guided to for Q3 or is this more sort of anecdotal thinking as you think about the guidance for the full year? Thank you.
John Wall: Thanks, Ruben. Good question. But yes, I mean, as we said, business was stronger than expected, particularly in hardware and IP. And last quarter, we were concerned that compliance with some containment measures around the globe would impact everyone’s day-to-day operations. And we expected those measures to impact us in three ways. We thought if our customers’ offices remain closed that would impact us on the – on our ability to install hardware. On the IP side, access to our own IP labs would impact and we were fearful that, that would impact our ability to complete delivery in our IP. And then the other thing we were concerned about was that if the shelter-in-place restrictions were prolonged we were concerned that the pandemic would disrupt the normal business and operations of many of our smaller customers and that would impact their liquidity. And ultimately, we were preparing for collections challenges on those accounts in the event that some of those customers were unable to pay us for what they purchased. On reflection, as I said in the script, on reflection with Q2 behind us business was stronger than expected. Our team adapted well to the delivery challenges. The issue though on collections from smaller customers remains that the potential collections impact is a concern. We received a number of requests from customers to delay their payments to us. We have chosen to continue to provide services to those customers and some will eventually get back on track and pay us, but many, despite theirs and our best efforts may not be able to get back on track and we will likely fail to collect on a number of accounts. And our best estimate of that is we have basically reserved for about $17 million worth of bookings. Right now as of the end of Q2 to put that in context, over the 3-year period from 2017 to 2019, we didn’t collect on $36 million worth of orders. So we pause revenue now on $17 million worth of bookings. So we are covered for twice the experience we had over the previous 3 years.
Ruben Roy: Very helpful detail, John. I guess just for a quick follow-up, I was looking at the core IC design tool performance in the June quarter and down a little bit sequentially on the digital side, up a little bit on the custom IC side, it would seem that maybe that’s where you are seeing some of the near term issues. Is that the way to read into what is going on with those line items?
John Wall: Yes, absolutely, the impact on collections with particularly smaller customers is more heavily slanted towards our software business. So we paused revenue on a number of contracts where we think collections are challenging but and that impacts the software business more than it would say hardware or IP in many cases on the hardware side, because we get revenue upfront, we expect payment upfront. So you don’t have as much credit exposure there. On the IP side, much of our IP revenue is coming from royalties. And royalties are typically with customers, like with our top 100 customers, which are very good credits customers, they have strong balance sheets but this is really isolated to that group of customers that are outside our top 100. And it’s the kind of the smaller customers.
Ruben Roy: Got it, okay. That’s very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Diffely from D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. I guess first John just following up on the last question, is there a geographic bend to the small customers that you are worried about?
John Wall: Sorry, can you repeat that? Tom? I didn’t quite get that.
Tom Diffely: Sorry. Yes. Is there a geographic bend towards the customers that you were concerned about, the smaller customers or is it broad based across the world?
John Wall: No particularly. I mean, if there’s any particular demographic that’s been hit, it is smaller customers; it is right across the globe, but very much in smaller customers, and probably mostly in software over IP or hardware. 
Tom Diffely: Okay, sounds like your business is fairly strong across the board. But I was wondering if you are seeing any kind of bifurcation between your consumer-driven customers and the high performance compute customers that you seemingly are much stronger today?
John Wall: I think on the certainly on the royalty side, that I think royalties for the first half are like 25% higher and they were, like for the first half of 2019. I think it is hard to break it down in terms of where their strength in different parts of the business I think it is kind of across board we have seen strength across the board, the challenge in the credit side are quite random in the, in this - in the smaller pool of customers.
Tom Diffely: Okay, it sounds like a lot of customers are a lot of players out there have seen strength in high performance compute offsetting some weakness in consumer. But from what you say it sounds like you have continuing to see strength across the board so is kind of a new?
John Wall: Yes. Well our royalty revenue is related to the consumer electronics market mainly, but and we are seeing strength there like I say 25% up I mean, I think the royalties were around $21 million for the first half of the year compared to just under $17 million for the first half last year. IP was strong. On the design IP front our refined strategy of focusing on Star IP at the most advanced nodes continues to pay off. Demand for high-speed SerDes and DDR IP continue to be strong with deployments at leading mobile networking hyper scale and storage customers. And then on the Tensilica side, the highlights there were our customizable, scalable DSP IP, including the deployments in true wireless stereo and vision applications helped along with strong royalties to have a very strong performance for Q2 revenue and IP. 
Lip-Bu Tan: And then add on, this is Lip-Bu. I think clearly, beside – it's kind of a block base but I think your question on the data center cloud, hyper scale, we see very strong demand because of the infrastructure of when people work from home. There is a lot of scaling so we see also very strong in that area, too.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Thank you, Lip-Bu.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon guys. Thanks for letting me ask the questions. John, maybe different sides of the same coin, but why don’t you just help me understand as you look into the September quarter, what’s driving op margins down sequentially? I would have thought that perhaps in the current environment, there were some costs that you might have to incur around COVID mitigation actions that actually might dissipate as we go into the back half of the year. And I guess similarly, over the last several years, the operating cash flow has been more front-end loaded first half weighted than second half, which is relative to your guide feels like second half is only about 30% of the operating cash flow. I am wondering what might be driving that maybe it’s the same thing, maybe it’s different?
John Wall: Yes, John, the – yes, good question that in terms of on the op margin profile there is a couple of things in that question. So, let me unpack it a little bit that in terms of the op margin profile, the expectation that we had and when we gave guidance for Q2 was we thought that some revenue might shift from Q2 into Q3. Our experience was an actual fact that there was a net shift the other way. We thought that maybe I mean if you look at our Q2 guidance, we went out with the midpoint of 590 having followed Q1, which was 618, which typically you would expect Cadence to be pretty much, I mean, 618, you would expect 618, 620 or something for Q2. So, we were expecting about $30 million to push from Q2 into Q3. As it happened about $10 million has moved, maybe just less than $10 million has moved from Q2 into Q3, there is about $10 million of deliveries that we couldn’t get done in the quarter that will now revenue in Q3, but we had approximately $20 million that came the other direction. And that was customers that you know as things lifted in June we had customers in new bookings in the second quarter that wanted to accelerate the installation on what they have purchased. And of course, as our guys had time when they were trying to – when they had some customers that they couldn’t deliver to, they just kept on going down through the list. I mean, typically at Cadence, you probably have, maybe two-thirds of your orders or bookings in any one quarter would fall into the, like the last month of each quarter. So, it’s unusual for such a high amount to get delivered in the quarter, but like I say, we – our experience in Q2 was there is probably some shift of revenue from Q3 into Q2, net-net, maybe about $10 million -- $10 million to $15 million from Q3 to Q2. On the expense side, in contrast to that, we – because of the uncertainty in Q2, we held up some of the offers on hiring that until late in the quarter. Once we got comfortable that you know what, we are good for revenue in the quarter and that it looked like customers were very resilient, our team was very resilient in terms of overcoming the challenges then we released the offer letters and hiring accelerated into the end of the quarter has continued at the start of this quarter. So, that’s probably meant there is some expenses shifted from Q2 to Q3 and some revenue shifted from Q3 to Q2 and you end up then with like a 35% operating margin in Q2 compared to our guidance of 30% and then Q3 is at 32%. Also, you mentioned operating cash flow, I think that if you recall I mean, last quarter, I mean, I hesitate to say it, but last quarter, we were mentioning this, we had deliberately closed some strategic business early in the year. And what you are seeing is we got paid for that business. So, you have probably seen an uptick in cash and an uptick in deferred revenue. I wouldn’t be surprised if my expectation right now would be deferred revenue will burn off from this level through the end of the year, because we deliberately aim to get paid early.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful. And then as my follow-up, it’s nice to see that China, as a percent of revenue has remained fairly stable over the last several quarters at kind of low double-digits. That doesn’t prevent us from still worrying about the concern that perhaps there is some buy forward going on in China just given U.S. China relations and how critical you are to the overall semiconductor supply chain in China. Wondering if you could just handicap what you are seeing in China today? Is there a risk that there is pull forward and then how do you try to manage through some of the ebbs and flows of the tensions between the governments of the U.S. and China?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, good question. So, I think overall our China business has remained quite good. And then the Q1 Q2, as John mentioned, I think clearly the hardware and IP, which are more upfront revenue and that help. And I think overall, I think we are providing that to an IP globally to our customers and meanwhile we comply with the U.S. regulations. And it’s very fluid and very – we are closely monitoring it, but so far I think all the uncertainty and we already built into our estimates. So, I think overall, we are confident I think we continue, I think 12% I think quarter-to-quarter sometime it varies, but I think overall, is a strong business in Asia and China for us.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks, guys. Congratulations on the strong results.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
John Wall: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets.
Mitch Steves: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. So the first one I kind of want to drill on just kind of the geographic movements here, it looks like the U.S. is up pretty significantly. So, I know you guys are concerned about kind of the – what I assume are the smaller players not being able to make payments and kind of rolling off some money for you guys there. But is there any chance or maybe I am thinking about this incorrectly, any chance that basically the larger players end up investing more, because what we picked up is that a lot of these larger companies are actually pushing forward on the tech front with chip design. So when does that actually offset and actually be a benefit to you guys, if the larger customers end up spending more in EDA tools, while the smaller ones kind of get pushed off to the side?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think that – Mitch, good question. I think that geographically, I think overall, I think all the across the board was we see strong design activity, we don’t see any slowdown. I think this silicon Renesas in the industry with all the generational drivers like AI, 5G, hyperscale and this – we move into this kind of a data-centric big data that is really driving a lot of silicon development and the design. And to answer your question in terms of the big guy, the monthly crowded market-shaping customers, I think you kind of you can read from my transcript that you know clearly are highlighting all this full flow and all this proliferation with market shaping and those are the leader in the industry. We pay a lot of attention and this is a golden opportunity to double, triple down in R&D for the next generation products. So when this cycle recovers, there will be much stronger leaders. And so answer your question, the design activity doesn’t slow down, actually, those big guy are really, really driving the R&D. And we are delighted to be the trusted partner to work with them.
John Wall: Yes. And Mitch, this is John Wall here. I mean, just the fact that we raised the year despite the fact that we had some – we have some collection challenges that the smaller customer base illustrates that larger customers are investing more in R&D.
Mitch Steves: Got it. Understood. And then just kind of switching gears if you hear much about 3D Clarity, it’s been sort of maybe two quarters or so, so you guys are talking more about COVID and core EDA, can you maybe provide an update on what is going on with the 3D Clarity products or the customer wins, backlog interest anything like that, I realized that the environment is a little bit strange, but I think it will be interesting to hear what’s happening with the 3D Clarity product front?
John Wall: Yes, happy to share with you, I think currently, we have a very strong – this is a good market for us. This is 10 markets about $700 million, clearly our product as we mentioned earlier, customers see up to 10x performance and then continue providing the accuracy. This time we highlight market-shaping hyperscale to go with us. And then we have over 125 engagements in this together with Celsius. And so I think a lot of momentum, a lot of multiple new wins and more important expansion of the – at the existing customers. So I think overall, we are very excited about the product we have and we continue to really drive the differentiation and engaging with the leading customer that can see the value.
Mitch Steves: Okay, great. Just one really small one, should bookings continue to go up this year or are they going to be flattish kind of a 37?
Lip-Bu Tan: Sorry, your question again.
Mitch Steves: Just really, really small on the backlog you guys have provided now on a quarterly basis, should we expect that to be more stable or go up because they realized last year is up 20%. This year, it’s pretty stable 37 for a couple quarters and just trying to understand what we should expect from your backlog?
Lip-Bu Tan: John, you want to highlight that?
John Wall: Yes. Mitch, I mean, we don’t guide bookings. But given that we closed some business early in the year deliberately killed some business early in the year and pulled out some business from later in the year. I am not surprised that our RPOs have kind of – were flat from Q1 to Q2. But I wouldn’t expect a dramatic change between now and the end of the year.
Mitch Steves: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
John Wall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. Congrats on a strong quarter. I wanted to start out by digging a little bit deeper into the China conversation. And so I know we have this new Mill Arrow rule as part of the newest export restrictions. And I know you guys have been working hard to try to answer some of the topics on it and perhaps don’t have 100% clarity as we see here today, but maybe if you can give us an update, as you see it today, how it impacts maybe your fourth quarter or even looking at fiscal year ‘21 and beyond?
Lip-Bu Tan: Just asking about this new direct product rule from the military and use the arrow?
Gary Mobley: That's right. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay. So I think overall our outlook included all the estimate on the impact on the trade restriction clearly, we are monitoring very carefully, we are complying to all the requirements and make sure that our customer not commit to us is not turning to the military use. And so, it's a lot of more work and we are working there now towards that and comply is the number one priority for us and delay and support the customer is equally important, but I think we have made sure that we are complying to all the requirements.
Gary Mobley: Okay.
John Wall: Okay. And Gary, any metal impact of the military in use, or the direct product rules is already included in our guidance.
Gary Mobley: Okay, but it's not mistaken it doesn't go into effect until September so not really much of an impact so much in fiscal year ‘20 right.
John Wall: Again, like I said we have reviewed potential impact on our business and included everything we know today into our guidance outcome for the remainder of the year. 
Gary Mobley: Okay, as my follow up, I wanted to shift gears and talk about, sort of setups for fiscal year ‘21. I realize you are not going to give any sort of preliminary revenue guidance for the year. But if I'm not mistaken, the extra week and some acquisitions may be contributing to roughly what 200 basis points of revenue growth this year. And so, we get on the flipside of this year, should we think about an equal amount of perhaps a headwind looking into next year?
John Wall: Yes, I think with the acquisitions are pretty small. It’s the 53-week definitely needs to be a consideration when you think about next year, Gary, but I mean, when I think last quarter, I said that I expect revenue impact for that extra week to be about $40 million. Right now. I would say it's probably closer to like $43 million, but again on the expense side, the, I would guess on a non GAAP basis, maybe about 33 it's, it's we will get a full impact of full week of expense. But on the revenue side, it'll be that recording revenue, part of our business that we get the extra revenue for. So I think the impact of that 53 week, my own modeling when I do it, I kind of assumed $43 million for revenue about $33 million for expense. And naturally you have to adjust for that if you are comparing a 53-week year to a 52-week year, but like you say, we are not guiding 2021.
Gary Mobley: Got it. Alright. Thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera from Needham.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Let me add my congratulations to the Cadence team for another strong quarter in tough conditions. So John, just wanted to follow up on the questions around the strength in the quarter, which I understand I guess was driven by less than feared dislocation in the hardware and IP businesses. Is that also what accounted for the increase in your overall annual guide or are there some other product areas that contributed to the increase in the full year guide?
John Wall: Yes. I think, we were very pleased with, with how our IP business is doing. I think it's mainly the functional verification business, that product category. I think that's probably the one that's increased the most, really strong hardware quarter, outstanding hardware quarter. I mean, the compelling it's a compelling value proposition with the integration of Z1 and X1 as a combination that's increasingly attractive to customers, the Z1 emulator with its differentiated custom chip based architecture and we were continuing to win new customers and significantly expand capacity at existing key customers. And then with Protium X1, the prototyping platform there has ramped up strongly and it has got a unique ability to provide very fast bring uptime and high performance that the cross selling between Z1 and X1 and vice versa, was very, very resilient and apparent in Q2 And it's continuing I mean the early weeks of July, we are already seeing that strength continue. But now, when I gave a range of $20 million again for Q3 on revenue and that was partly because we did see a shift from Q3 to Q2 for revenue slight shift, net shift and that was maybe on the hardware side, we saw that customers looking for earlier delivery. I am not sure how much of the pandemic is driving that behavior and customers are thinking that get the hardware in now, but Q3 is strong again. And again, we have included that in the guidance.
Rich Valera: That’s very helpful. Thank you. And for my follow-up, just wanted to ask another one on the system analysis products, you have been giving kind of a quarterly wins number, I think it was 30 plus last quarter and you seem to maybe have pivoted towards an engagement number. Is there an equivalent engagement number from Q1 that we could use to compare to sort of how that’s expanded over the last quarter and will you at some point maybe revert to giving out wins as opposed to engagements?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think this is a very strong product offering for us. The two products have been well received on the Clarity and Celsius. We highlight about a win that we have and then most of them were over 125 in much stronger platform, we can even do more with them. And so both companies that you alluded to are very good companies, great companies and so far I think the consolidations, each one are unique and in our own way and then but we now try to be the trusted partner to work with them and then to continue to grow and then drive better solutions for them to have a bigger footprint for them accessible.
Rich Valera: Understood. And then I have quick follow-up. One of the presentations today from Cadence at the virtual DAC was on cloud deployments and the increasing demand for cloud deployments, I just curious here when we see some other software businesses that have either are transitioning from on-premise to the cloud or have multiple offerings or multiple deployments of on-premise and cloud deployment. There is a pretty significant uplift in terms of revenue from customers that have cloud deployments versus on-premise. So, John or Lip-Bu, I was just curious, do you see similar uplift in revenue associated with cloud deployments relative to on-premise?
Lip-Bu Tan: I can start first and then John can fill in more. Clearly, the cloud solution for EDA to the customers, are very important. We want to provide their flexibility from the different range of use model either as a customer manage or Cadence manage and then you are using the cloud for the software and even include the hardware platform and also that we provide them the compelling productivity and scalability benefits. And at the end of the day, we really want to try to productivity and performance. And then if you have unlimited server, by theory, you should really drive the performance better and also more cost effective for the customer. And so we want to create that flexibility for them to do that. And we are delighted we highlight the key point of collaboration with TSMC and Microsoft to have this cloud for the signoff tool, campus in Qantas and then using our cloud bus that gives them the flexibility and they can optimize the throughput and the cost. And I think that is the way to go. I think we are going to be very cautiously moving towards the cloud. So I think the new product like the System Analysis tool, we develop as a cloud native and so it will be much easier and people – customer can see the benefit using the cloud. And then for all EDA tools we kind of tool by tool try to moving into optimizing the cloud. And staking so far we are making great progress. And we highlight that over under 25 customers adopted our cloud solution. So that is increasing we are delighted at.
Rich Valera: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Celino from KeyBanc.
Jason Celino: Hi everyone. Thanks for fitting me in. Just one for me, most of the reference customers that you have announced your clarity has been semiconductor and companies and other electronics ecosystem companies, but today you kind of talked about a new hyper scalar win when was this hyper scale customer, already a customer and they expanded and then also, if you think about with some of the expansions are they adding, the Celsius product or the expanding has to do with their comments?
Lip-Bu Tan: A quick question. So I think enough clearly this is a new product for us, Clarity. And so any other new product new customer, we highlight are new to us in the way that they are. Now we don’t have that business before. So the hyperscale market-shaping, hyperscale for the parity and the Asus Tech for the output Celsius and then we are delighted we have 125 engagements, multiple new wins, I think most important, our customers see the benefit and using our performance, up to 10 times better than incumbents. And I think the most important thing to highlight is not the not expansions at the existing customers and that is a very validation of who is really good they would use it and then they like it, they buy more. And that is the good validation of a good product. 
John Wall: Jason, for Clarity, specifically, I think in relation to your question, but one of our new customers for Clarity, this quarter included a market shaping hyper scalar we didn’t have that. It’s not a new hyper scalar for us, but, but new for Clarity for us.
Jason Celino: Okay. And then, one quick follow up with this hyper scale customer using it to some supplement their simulation processes or more of like a adopting it for kind of all their needs on the electromagnetic side?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think that wants to know, again, is a existing customer, but I think it’s just continue to expand amount of product usage.
Jason Celino: Okay, great. Thanks. Appreciate the time.
John Wall: Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thanks.
Operator: Our final question comes from Adam Gonzalez from Bank of America.
Adam Gonzalez: Hi, guys. Congrats on the solid results and thanks for squeezing me in just a minor clarification question. But on the collection issue that you are experiencing with some of your smaller customers, is this concentrated customers that have a particular end market or application exposure or is it more broad-based?
John Wall: It’s more broad-based, Adam. Yes, I mean, it’s broad-based not just across the customer base, but across the globe. But the thing that’s consistent is that it’s typically smaller, smaller value orders and smaller value customers. And what we are trying to do there is that we continue to provide services to those customers, even though in some cases, I don’t think we will get paid. But what we have done is we paused revenue on about $70 million of bookings. And it’s likely that we won’t get paid so there won’t be a P&L impact because we are not taking the revenue. But and we will continue to help those customers for as long as we can, but and hopefully that, but we won’t lose good companies as part of this pandemic.
Adam Gonzalez: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you. And then my second question and apologies if this is asked before the connection cut off for in the middle of the call. But the implied second half revenue guidance, the split between Q3 and Q4 seems to be heavily favored towards Q4. Is that really just the extra week in the fiscal year that’s driving that?
John Wall: Yes, the extra week is a big part of that. I know also, of course, I mean, I’m trying to estimate learning from learning from Q2, what we expect to fall or what would we expect to record in Q3 versus Q4. That’s why we have a slightly wider range for Q3, we went with 630 to 650. If we see an experience similar to Q2 where there was a shift of some revenue from Q3 into Q2, if we see that again, there may be a shift from Q4 into Q3, which means we will be up at the higher end of that range. But I’m not there’s I don’t have any doubt about the remainder of the year really, it’s just what falls into Q3 versus Q4. It’s our best guess right now based on the experience of Q2.
Adam Gonzalez: Got it. Helpful. Thanks so much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay.
Operator: I will now turn the call back to Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Our Intelligent System Design strategy is playing out very nicely as we benefit from new opportunities in Design Excellence, System Innovation and Pervasive Intelligence and an expanded total addressable market. I am very impressed and proud of the dedication and commitment shown by our employees to continue innovating and delighting our customers, especially during these uncertain times. We are all in this together and I am convinced that we will collectively come out of this unfortunate situation stronger as a company, as a community. And lastly, on behalf of all our employees and our Board of Directors, we want to give our heartfelt thanks to the extremely brave and courageous healthcare workers and others on the frontlines. And they continue to work tirelessly to fight this pandemic. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Josh and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] I'll now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Josh and I would like to welcome everyone to our first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. I am joined today by Lip-Bu Tan, Chief Executive Officer and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call is available through our website cadence.com and will be archived through June 12, 2020. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of the call today. Please note that, the discussion today will contain forward-looking statements and that actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results. The reconciliations are available at the Investor Relations section of cadence.com. Copies of today's press release dated April 20, 2020 for the quarter ended March 28, 2020, related financial tables and the CFO commentary are also available on our website. I would also like you to note that we are adhering to social distancing practices and therefore are conducting today's earnings call from remote locations. Apologies in advance if there are glitches or handoffs take a little longer than usual. And I'll turn it over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that in a difficult environment Cadance achieved excellent financial results for the first quarter of 2020. We are all going through truly unprecedented times and I hope that you and your families are safe and healthy. I will start by commenting on the rapidly evolving COVID-19 situation. Our first priority continues to be ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees, customers and communities. At this time the vast majority of our global employee base is working from home and that transition has gone very smoothly. From a business continuity perspective, our infrastructure, collaboration platforms and tight communication have enabled us to maintain a high level of productivity and our R&D innovation projects and customer deliverables continue to track well. Our sales and application engineering teams have also adapted well to this new work model and have continued engaging productively with customers on the business, training and support fronts. As I have stated earlier, there’s been a silicon renaissance in the industry, with strong design activity being driven by generational technology drivers such as 5G, AI, hyperscale computing and Industrial IoT. So far, even in the current environment, we do not see any slowdown in design activity, and I do believe this period to be an opportunity, especially for market-shaping customers to further invest in R&D and accelerate their innovation. Our business is predominantly tied to semiconductor R&D and in addition, our broadly diversified customer base, over $3.7 billion of backlog and highly ratable business model, all serve to highlight the resiliency of our business, particularly in challenging times. After carefully assessing the situation, at this time, we feel comfortable reaffirming our revenue guidance for the year. In a few moments John will provide more details and commentary on our Q1 results and guidance for Q2 and the year. Our Intelligent System Design strategy enables us to maximize these opportunities while tripling our TAM, through proliferation in our foundation Design Excellence segment, and expanding beyond EDA into System Innovation and Pervasive Intelligence. Now let us look at some of the Design Excellence highlights for the quarter, starting with Digital & Signoff. Our Cadence digital full flow, which has been proven through hundreds of advanced node tape-outs, was significantly enhanced to further optimize power, performance and area or PPA results across multiple application areas. The new full flow featuring our innovative iSpatial technology, which includes unified placement and physical optimization engines, plus machine learning capabilities, delivers up to 3X faster throughput and up to 20% improved PPA. The new full flow is being used by several leading customers and was endorsed by MediaTek and Samsung Electronics. Additional Digital & Signoff highlights for the quarter include a major Asian hyperscale company successfully used the Cadence digital full flow to tapeout a machine learning inferencing chip and is deploying the full flow at 7 and 5 nanometers. A marquee Asian electronics systems company completed its first production Cadence digital full flow tapeout on a 5 nanometer low-power process, beating its power targets and a market-shaping semiconductor automotive customer committed to Cadence as it's primary EDA vendor for digital design. Our Cadence Verification Suite wins in the market place because it delivers the best verification throughput, driven by its four “best in class” engines Xcelium, Jasper, Palladium, and Protium. In Q1 we had multiple Verification wins across various verticals including cloud/data center, automotive and networking. Our hardware family had a banner quarter, with Palladium Z1 adding four new customers and nine major expansions. Our Protium FPGA-based prototyping platform continued its strong momentum, adding six new customers and six repeat orders as the X1 is increasingly deployed in Palladium accounts. Protium X1’s strong momentum is a result of its unique differentiation in having a common front-end complier with the Palladium Z1, while also providing superior performance and capacity scalability for early software development and hardware regressions. Both the Z1 and X1 platforms showed particular strength at hyperscale systems companies, in addition to momentum at market shaping semiconductor customers. Our IP business delivered double digit revenue growth, as our compelling offerings continued to benefit from the ongoing IP outsourcing trend, with design wins and expansions at several top tier companies as well as at startups. Tensilica did particularly well and was adopted for multiple audio applications as well as by surveillance and mobile customers. In Design IP, there was strong demand for our DDR portfolio as well as our high-speed SerDes and PCIe IP, particularly in datacenter, AI and high-performance computing segments. Now I will highlight our progress in the System Innovation segment of our Intelligent System Design strategy. Earlier this year we completed the acquisitions of AWR and Integrand, and we have received very positive response to the acquisitions from many of our partners and potential new customers. The integration is progressing well on all fronts and we are combining these technologies with our Virtuoso and Allegro platforms which will enable us to offer a comprehensive platform for designing high frequency RF millimeter wave products.  Our System Analysis tools carried forward their strong momentum into the new year and we now have more than 30 customers, including Renesas, Rohm, and Enflame. In addition to providing significantly better performance and capacity without compromising accuracy, Clarity and Celsius also provide a tighter integration with our flagship Virtuoso and Allegro design platforms. With that I will now turn the call over to John to review the financial results and provide our updated outlook.
John Wall: Thank you, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. Let me begin with a few comments on the COVID-19 pandemic: Our first priority remains the health and safety of our employees, partners, and customers. And while some of our employees in China are already back working from our Cadence offices in the region, a vast majority of our global workforce are currently working in a remote environment. Our team continues to be very effective even though many are working from home. For this, we are very proud and very grateful. Even with the global disruption and uncertainty created by the COVID-19 pandemic, I am pleased to report we met, or exceeded, all of our key operating metrics in Q1. Now let’s review the key results for the first quarter, beginning with the P&L: Total revenue was $618 million, Non-GAAP operating margin was 32.2%, GAAP EPS was $0.44, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.60. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. In mid-March, we borrowed $350 million under our revolving credit facility as a precautionary measure to provide additional liquidity in light of the recent global economic uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, at the end of the quarter, our cash balance totaled $946 million while the principal value of debt outstanding was $700 million, Operating cash flow for Q1 was $218 million, DSOs were 42 days, and during Q1, we repurchased $100 million of Cadence shares. Before I provide our guidance for Q2 and fiscal 2020, I’d like to take a moment to address some points that I think are important to understanding the assumptions embedded in our outlook. Our guidance continues to assume that the export limitations that exist today for certain customers remain in place for all of 2020. The shelter-in-place orders that are in effect today as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic create some logistical challenges related to fulfilling some hardware and IP product orders, for which we recognize up-front revenue upon completion of delivery. At the low end of our revenue range for Q2, we are assuming that the government-mandated or recommended shelter-in-place orders in effect today will remain in place for the remainder of the quarter, and any hardware or IP products that we cannot deliver before the end of our Q2 will be delivered in the second half of the year. On the other hand, if, starting sometime in May, we can get sufficient physical access to complete hardware and IP deliveries, we expect to be closer to the high end of our revenue range for Q2. Assuming we have sufficient physical access to complete hardware and IP deliveries by the end of Q3, we do not expect any negative impact to our full year guidance from the delivery delays we are assuming for Q2.  For Q2, our guidance is as follows, revenue in the range of $580 million to $600 million, Non-GAAP operating margin of 30%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.28 to $0.32, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.50 to $0.54, and we expect to repurchase $75 million of Cadence shares. For fiscal 2020, our guidance is as follows; revenue in the range of $2.545 to $2.585 billion, non-GAAP operating margin of 32% to 33%, GAAP EPS in the range of $1.58 to $1.68, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.40 to $2.50. We expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $775 million to $825 million, and we expect to use approximately 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence shares in 2020. You will find guidance for additional items as well as further analysis in the CFO Commentary available on our website. In summary, I am pleased with the results we delivered in Q1, and I have been impressed by the resilience of our business model and the agility and capability, of our global team at Cadence to continue to operate so effectively in this environment. The world is facing unprecedented times, and we are all deeply sympathetic to anyone who has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. We are clearly all in this together, so I would like to close by thanking our customers, partners, and our hardworking employees for all that they do. Please note that we are reviewing the social distancing practices and therefore are conducting today earnings call from remote locations. My apologies in advance if there are glitches or handoffs that take a little longer than usual. And with that, operator, we’ll now take questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] And your first question comes from Rich Valera from Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you and congratulations to the Cadence team for delivering some very solid results in obviously challenging conditions. With that I just wanted to ask about your China revenue in the quarter which was actually up as a percentage of revenue year-over-year. Despite a very tough comp since last year, you didn’t have entity restrictions on Huawei or several other likely Chinese customers. So just wondering if you can talk about what drove the strength in China this quarter? Was it new customers, was it the ramp in demand for existing customers and if there is any color in terms of which products were in high demand there?
Lip-Bu Tan: Lip-Bu here. So let me start. Our business enabled design of future electronic products, China business remains quite good to us. Q1 was aided by both hardware and IP business which was mostly up on revenue and John can provide more color and detail here.
John Wall: Yeah, I would say this is an unusual. Our China revenue over the past nine quarters is fluctuated between a low of 8% back in Q2 2018 and a high of 13% both this quarter and in Q4 '18. Q1 revenue was higher due to do both hardware and IP business, which are mostly upfront for revenue.
Rich Valera: Great and then just question on the new system product ramp, I heard your new customer accounts sounds like that's up to 30 which is great. Just wondering if you can provide any anecdotal evidence of customer penetration i.e. customers that have ordered a single license have proved it out been able come back to order multiple license and if you’ve seen any customers sort of scaling up the way presumably you'd like to see.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah I think so far I think we're very pleased with our system analysis tool that carry momentum into Q1. As you’ve correctly point out we have more than 30 customers under Clarity and Celsius product line and clearly I think we're providing high-performance better results and then the scalability and then not compromising any accuracy.
Rich Valera: Great and just one quick one for you John, I noticed your non-GAAP stayed the same but your GAAP EPS actually went up. Any -- can you just quickly explain the delta there?
John Wall: Yeah just a slight difference in our assumptions for the M&A integration between what we had in the forecast for the start of the year and where we are now.
Rich Valera: Got it. Okay. Thanks very much gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Couple questions, first on China and geographic mix generally, according to the 10-Q this evening your China revenues were record at about $84 million. You explained the reasons why it was so strong, but looking out over the next number of years and thinking about all the issues that surrounded China over the last year and where US government policy may go, how are you thinking about perhaps geographic risk mitigation again notwithstanding the very good results in China this quarter, how do you think about perhaps mitigating the dependency there by perhaps focusing on other parts of the world, Europe for instance had a very strong year in 2019 for EDA, so perhaps that would be a region to think about refocusing on as an example. So that's question number one.  Question number two, you highlighted the newer products, Clarity and Celsius, how would you compare your experiences thus far with those two products with the previous generation of [us and um] [ph] products, Tempus, Voltus, PeGasus, which we frankly haven’t heard a great deal about. Is your experience in terms of customer adoption meaningfully different or would you expect it to be different than the prior generation of signoff tools that you introduced?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, so let me get started and then John can fill in more details. So first of all I think we were expected to do everything we can to support customer while complying with all the application law and regulation and we want to provide the best tool for our global customers that include China, Asia-Pacific, EMEA and US, but that is our philosophy, give them the best product and support them in their design.  And in term of the new products and clearly I think we are very pleased with the system analysis product, a tool that came out clearly show the differentiation and we're delighted in our order backlog that we have more and more customer coming with us. It is a big [end] [ph] market for us. These two products the TAM is about 700 million. So I think we'll aggressively pursue that and clearly we have a big advantage in terms of performance. In terms of the Voltus and PeGasus we continue to do well and then we'll continue to update you from time to time. PeGasus are most important with the foundries, [indiscernible] various process node is 35 and I think over the last few quarters we highlight our process node at different foundries have been the 35 and now we're starting to really driving some of the customer success and stay tuned in the coming quarters.
John Wall: And Jay I would add about that I think you can see from our results and from our guidance for the year that our business benefits from the diversification we see across products and platforms and geographies that as much as we encourage investors not to look at any one quarter, I mean China contributed 10% of our annual revenue in 2018 and 2019 and we're happy to get off to a strong start for 2020. But hardware and IP are lumpy for revenue and so you should never focus on any one single quarter.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Just a quick detail question for you John. If I'm reading the Q correctly, it looks like you took some inventory reserve on hardware. If so could you comment on that.
John Wall: Jay, I presume you are referring to the section where we say we include inventory reserves in our hardware COGS, but we consistently do that. I don’t think there was any significant change in inventory reserves from quarter to quarter, but generally if we have a hardware system that's out being demoed or on loan, we'll take depreciation and amortization for that into our P&L and include it in COGS even though we haven't sold it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mitch Steves: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. The first one is a little more for Lip-Bu, when I look at your comments on design activity it sounds like [indiscernible] picking up is that they are trying to actually accelerate the design activity. So can you maybe give us a little bit of a broad overview of what you're seeing in China and in datacenters and I guess in any sort of [indiscernible] market in terms of what design activities are looking like across the different end markets or how we're doing the verticals.
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me try to give you a little more color. As I mentioned earlier, we're going through this silicon renaissance in the industry. Clearly we see strong design activity driven by this generational technology driver either 5G [indiscernible] and then the AI machine learning [indiscernible] platform and the hyperscale in this environment actually they deploy even more they are all finally building up their own silicon team. And then the whole digital transformation of the industrial group, we see a lot of -- so I think clearly so far as we see today, we don’t see any slowdown in activity especially I call it the market shaping customer, they double down, triple down in their R&D and we're delighted to support them and that's kind of we see the opportunity in the design activity and in some way our business very much predominantly tied with the semiconductor R&D and that really benefit us and then we have been very focused on the market shaping customer and they have been really we are really excited to support them in all their various designs.
Mitch Steves: Got it and then second one is John just a little more in the financials, China is up pretty significantly. Is there any way to talk about that's just good to be sustainable or it's that just from hardware? What do you guys think about the China percentage of revenue? I think that was a little bit surprising, but maybe you can maybe give us a high-level of comment of what the full year should look like if it should be around they type of revenue percentage or not?
John Wall: Sure, it was large in the first quarter and it was mainly due to hardware and IP business, IP revenue business. At the start of the quarter I mean it's not surprised me in Q1 to the upside. At the start of the quarter, we thought that we were at lower royalty revenue in the region and we were a bit too conservative in Q1 think. So IP outperformed based on my expectations for Q1. And then in terms of China for the year, like I said it's ranged by quarter from a low of 8% in Q2 '18 to a high of 13% now this quarter and is well back in Q4 '18, but we're happy to get off to a strong start for 2020 and I'm thinking double-digits in terms of your continuing at least double digits with China contribution to our annual revenue is reasonable.
Mitch Steves: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. I mean you guys can do much better than that. So a great quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on this. John you did a good job with the June quarter revenue guide and kind of helping us understand the puts and takes round COVID to treating the low-end and the high end of the range, but I am just kind of curious was there any absolute impact to your revenue from COVID that you’ve also included because even at the high end you're coming in sort of below where the street was and then when you look at the full year number, would you have raised the full-year revenue outlook had it not been for COVID, i.e. are you building in some cushion on an absolute dollar basis there as well.
John Wall: Thanks for the question. It's a great question and thanks for the opportunity to clarify. I guess when I sit and look at Q2, I think it's fair to view our guidance for Q2 as being a little bit conservative and maybe more conservative than normal, but when I look at the impact of COVID '19 on our revenue, but like for hardware we don't have our usually fill of access to customer sites to deliver product and then it's hard to predict when we'll get that access, but if we deliver some hardware in the last week of June, it becomes Q2 revenue. If we deliver hardware for April is how our products slipped to the first weeks of July it's Q3 revenue. In both cases they're 2020 revenue. So I have more confidence in the year than I do for Q2 in terms of making those deliveries in time to Q2 revenue. When we said that you we're prioritizing the health and safety of our employees and our partners and our customers, we don’t want to try and drive for too early delivery and particularly if we don’t have physical access, we can't control if we don’t have physical access to our customer sites. On the IP side the physical access is to our own cadence sights because that's where our labs are for IP and IP revenue is generally determined by just how much IP we can deliver in the quarter from our labs. We're already a little bit behind because we haven’t had access to our labs and it's not like it's a demand issues. It's more of timing in terms of the delivery of revenue. but and then so like I said Q2 is I suppose the paradox of having a predictable revenue stream it's very predictable for the year, but it's just less predictable in terms of what we can get done in June versus July at the current moment.
John Pitzer: That's helpful and then maybe you can help me better understand a lot of the thought here are trying to figure out how the next several quarters might play out for the overall semi industry and for better or worse, we're kind of using the global financial crisis as a starting point, but there are some significant differences but when I look back and look at Cadence's performance through the global financial crisis, you are going through sort of an accounting change which I think heightened sort of the volatility through that. But you also saw a situation where things got bad enough for customers were cutting sort of R&D and I guess just given the magnitude of the economic impact of what we're expecting from COVID, why it shouldn't that be kind of a baseline assumption as we go into the back half of the year or are there enough sort of incremental drivers like hyperscale that really didn't exist back during the global financial crisis or China that didn't really exist that you think offsets that because right now at least how you're playing out the year is June is sort of a trough in revenue and it's a pretty shallow trough and I understand the business is just a lot more predictable than the global financial crisis, but what are the puts and takes that you see out there?
John Wall: Yeah so first of all I think clearly we're going through a unprecedented time and in term of economy and unemployment and this virus across all the different region and so I think first of all I think most important for us is to protect our employee and customer safety and well being and then saying that I think clearly the impact of the economy in the semiconductor is really ranged of product and different products. Clearly the hyperscale and under a videoconference related area and then ecommerce and area I think it's really benefit and some of the sector will be a little bit harder and especially in the consumer area and also in term of automotive related area will be more challenging. And so I think it's a lot across the Board, I mean they are some really exciting area and then clearly I think we are more tie in with the R&D budget and so I think good news is all the market shaping customer in various hyperscale play and in various high computing area we see the benefit of it and especially the infrastructure side and so I think that part we continue to benefit and we took on it and then clearly we can now look at quarter by quarter. Some quarter may be a little bit more in China. Some areas maybe geographically higher, but overall I think we are very strong and resiliency of our business especially the ratable model and also the backlog and our very diverse customer base that really put Cadence in the very well position to do that.
John Pitzer: And just as a follow-on, there was a couple earlier questions the trust upon the strength in China and it was up nicely albeit it seems to make sense relative to the ambitions that the Chinese semiconductor has but I am just been just curious given the height and rhetoric, around US China relations and the idea that the US might actually make foundries licenses to shift to certain customers, is there a risk that some of your Chinese customers are buying ahead and how would you handicap that risk or how would you help us think about that?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah it's a good question. Overall I would say that China our business remains quite good for us and then I would like John mentioned earlier, we assume that export restrictions will remain and we comply to that and in meanwhile we are doing everything we can to support the customer globally and then for their new innovating design and so I think all in all I think we have a careful examining of the situation. We felt that we can reaffirm the whole year because it's a ratable model and we have very $3.7 billion of backlog and so we can manage much better that way and then again by partnering with customers deeply and then with their trust upon with them and that is the best way to really drive the success together.
John Wall: And John this is John here. I would just like to add to that, that about 85% to 90% of our revenue is recurring in nature. So any additional or kind of any pull forward buying wouldn’t increase our revenue but the revenue is time based that would occur maybe on IP and hardware and there was no evidence of that in Q1.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Security. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question and the mix and then congratulations on the strong results as well. I wanted to start out asking a follow-up question to John's question about what's different this time versus '08 and '09 and just thinking about how you diversify your customer base to system OEMs if you see your backlog measures continue to grow about 15% year-over-year much faster than revenue growth. Is it new class of system orients who are taking control of their own IC designs deleting driver of that growth and as well are their average deal sizes versus materially different than what you would traditionally license to merchandise e-customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay. Gary I think good question. So let me touch on the first and then John can give you more detail on the deal size and others and so I think overall we are excited about this generational technology drivers 5G is deploying and then the hyperscale and the infrastructure disability deploying and then the other part is also the high computing area for AI machine learning either the start up or mature company,, they are all diving in big time into the whole the whole semiconductor silicon or sort of the whole system level. So the packaging also we benefit from it and so all in all I think we see strong design activity doesn't slow down at all and then clearly it continues to fuel the backdrop because as likable business and so we would not be dependent on quarter to quarter so far than more will count very well for us.
Gary Mobley: I had a follow-up question.
John Wall: Gary just adding there but I think the biggest difference between where we are now and where we were back in way '08 '09, is that we've incredible visibility now into what our backlog. We got $3.7 billion worth of backlog. We're very, very diversified and we have a lot of visibility into the second half of 2020.
Gary Mobley: Okay. And in the last, the last time you gave fiscal year '20 guidance, I believe you mentioned that the extra week in this fiscal year and the two acquisitions we see closed down were adding in some of our 300 basis points to the 10% growth you were expecting. I presume that the week and extra week impact doesn't change but are you still looking for the same contribution from the acquisitions?
John Wall: So Gary it's about $40 million. The extra week is worth about $40 million of additional recording revenue to the year in 2020 and we're expecting about $20 million from the combination of AWR and Integrand, the two acquisitions we completed in early Q1. So yeah $60 million to the year. I'm not expecting any more or less than that for the year right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Vruwink from Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hello everyone. Just in regards to some of the product discussion and the new product offerings, is it possible to say with things like full digital flow or maybe the case of adding simulation to allegro our virtuoso workflows, how much this is increasing average contract value with the customer versus may be a traditional measure of say wallet share with your customers?
John Wall: It's slightly difficult to bifurcate.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. So no sense other than like on simulation it's helpful to maybe to find that is a $700 million opportunity between clarity and Celsius but other than that, no sort of uplift guidance maybe you can provide.
John Wall: I think it's too early to tell right now, but certainly it's very welcome by our customers. Our customers are very happy with the products we provided but it's very difficult to bifurcate the value of one product versus others in an arrangement where there's multiple products being provided to customers.
Lip-Bu Tan: The only thing I'll add on to that is basically with this two acquisitions clearly give us a lot of more opportunity in term of more comprehensive solution to provide some of our key customer.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Great. On your operating margin outlook for the year, I believe the second half is implied to be closer to the 34% level, is that really just a reflection of the revenue guidance and maybe the particular revenue mix that you anticipate for the back half of the year or are there may be some other OpEx items or costs that are more in your control that factor into this view as well?
John Wall: There's two real drivers there Joe. One is the M&A that we lost some of the revenue in the purchase accounting, so a lot of the deferred revenue purchase accounting impacts the first half of the year more than the second half of the year. So can skew some profitability towards the second half of the year on the acquisitions we brought in at the start of the year. And then I guess the other impact is because we're assuming some deliveries that would normally happen in Q2 fall over into Q3, but you can have a slightly more backend loaded margin profile for the year. I mean originally I was thinking it would probably work out something like 31.5 and 33.5 and now I know we're guiding to 31 and 34.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Great, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely: Yes. Good afternoon. So John you talked about how access to customers provides a little bit of conservatism in your second quarter outlook but I'm curious what are you seeing on the actual manufacturing front with emulation? Are you seeing supply-chain difficulties?
John Wall: No. Not right now. We have a strategic sourcing group that have been working closely with all our suppliers. We think we have ample inventory and we have good second source suppliers. The issue we have with revenue and predicting revenue for Q2 is really down to whether we can have physical access to customer sites to be able to deliver the physical product. That's where we've got some uncertainty and because of the uncertainty, I'm assuming some of that will naturally fall into the second half of the year.
Tom Diffely: That makes sense and then Lip-Bu I am curious through this crisis have you seen already your customers talking about acceleration to the cloud?
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think clearly we provide all multiple way and currently it's one of the areas that we focus on. We're delighted that we clearly extending our leadership in the call offering of providing customers with compelling productivity, flexibility and scalability benefits. And so we mentioned that we pass 100 customer mark and so I think we continue to make progress on that.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Is that bigger on the emulation side or on the design tool side?
Lip-Bu Tan: I think the cost of multiple different products will depend on the product offering we provided.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Gonzalez with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Adam Gonzalez: Just wanted to follow up on some of the comments that my peers made on your China sales and how strong are they growing. Can you talk about the ability of domestic substitutes in the region and how far behind China is in terms of being able to provide a complete, competitive full flow suite of products? Thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah I think so far we and now we're monitoring closely. In China this couple of small point tool solution provider and not clearly from Synopsys and Cadence we about 25-30 years of stimulating and providing able to provide a full flow in the most advanced nodes, but clearly we don’t underestimate that because clearly they get a lot of government funding and so we tip a very close eye on that and only from their progress and also from their other recruitment point of view and make sure that our team is with us and we can continue driving behind the China, Beijing, Shanghai side.
Adam Gonzalez: Great. Any my follow-up is on the digital IC design sign off segment. I saw there's been a deceleration in year-over-year sales growth over the last three of four quarters. I don’t know if that's surrounding the percentage of sales that you gave, but is the acceleration is just a function of tougher comps or is it the timing of bookings, do you expect that the trends in that segment to turn around in the near-term thanks.
John Wall: So Adam one thing I would point out is certainly for Q1 and Q2 this year, we're lapping very tough comps because Q1 and Q2 last year were not impacted by the export limitations we currently have in China.
Adam Gonzalez: And if I can sneak in one last question. You talked about the Q2 outlook and how it really reflects just a few different scenarios and how long you have or you have access to customer facilities. If these work from home orders were to be put in place long enough people currently think, is there a chance that customers might switch their consumption of these hardware products more to a cloud based model?
John Wall: I think it's too early to tell. We were quite happy that we had a really solid bookings quarter in Q1 with particular strength in Japan and I think we had 15 new Cadence customers in Q1 including several larger customers but I think it's too early to tell right now but I don’t think that's as much we can say.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jackson Ader with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jackson Ader: Thanks for taking my question. The first is I realized that the impact on revenue is just about logistically getting on site but what about the difficulties or maybe some execution challenges you’ve had on getting deals across the finish line maybe for software deals? I would expect or I think a lot of people would expect that there have been more moving pieces for larger deals just moving around internally as your customers that everybody working from home. So I am curious to hear whether you’ve seen any impacts on that side?
John Wall: So Jackson our ability to close business hasn't changed but we have very, very close contacts with our customers, very customer-driven company. We always stay close to our clients, and also I think we got a little bit lucky I mean toward the end of last year, Lip Bu and I talk with the management team and we looked at when there was a yield curve inversion back in August, we looked at the data for previous recessions and the data suggested that a recession often happens within 8 to 14 months following a yield curve inversion. So at the end of last year, we made our business to try and close as much strategic account business early in the year as possible and we managed to do.
Jackson Ader: Then the follow-up question on, is it possible that there can be maybe any trickle-down effects from the delayed either hardware or IP delivery? Would that change may be activity later in the year if people are able to get their tools in time?
John Wall: So basically the delivery I don’t think we had any problem with closing business. The challenge is being in executing and delivering the -- completing the delivery on the business. Demand continues to be strong and it's just really getting access to customers facility to be able to deliver hardware and in our case in the IP case, getting access to our own facility into the cadence labs to complete our IP deliveries that we've already contractually signed up to.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ruben Roy with Benchmark. Please go ahead.
Ruben Roy: Thanks for taking my questions. John you’ve had a lot of questions on China and I think I understand the near-term dynamics but I was wondering if you could refresh my memory on export restrictions. Obviously there has been some chatter in recent weeks around potentially tightening rules for some sorts of high-technology product shipments into not just current companies in China, but potentially to a broader swath of Chinese firms and I'm wondering if you can remind us what portions of your product lineup are subject to experts restrictions? Are the hardware and IP products some or all subject to those restrictions or if you've heard anything new on potentially tighter rules for your product specifically, thanks?
John Wall: Most of our products are US origin. So they're impacted by the export limitations. Our ability to deliver products and services to certain customers the entry list is limited. So therefore we would expect our revenue in China to be higher if we didn't have those extra limitations, but for the purposes of guidance, we just did our assumptions that we assume nothing will change right now like I say because most of our technology is US origin. We are impacted by those export limitations across the board.
Ruben Roy: Okay. Okay and then a quick follow-up John on sort of the assumptions, obviously the assumptions on how to think about Q2 guidance slowing the high-end on the potential of getting back to work. How are you thinking about your own operating expenses and margins? Obviously you kept your clear guidance static but do you have any embedded assumptions in sort of when you expect things to normalize or normalize coming up embedded in those assumptions for the year?
John Wall: Yeah sure. I that effectively we're continuing to hire although hiring had slowed because it's more difficult to complete the whole interview process and the onboarding process but we're continuing to hire and typically we hire after getting contractual commitments from customers, but the Lip Bu and I are very careful about adding investment dollars until we see the commitment from customers. So in our guidance there is impact of course with hardware if falls into the second half from the first half, the cost of goods sold associated with those -- with those hardware products will also fall into the second half. Originally, I was expecting like 31.5% margin in the first half of the year followed by 33.5% margin in the second half that's more skewed now towards 31 first half, 34 second half because of an unexpected shift of some hardware and IP revenue from Q2 into Q3 really.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: Thanks for taking my questions. In terms of operations in China obviously those were impacted from kind of coronavirus first global workforce. What types of learnings were you able to apply to your other segments in North America and Europe once you saw those restrictions put in place?
Lip-Bu Tan: So one thing I learned is last quarter I thought there would've been a bigger impact to our royalty revenue and as it turned out it was as big as an impact I thought because in some cases some products do better and some products do worse and I think we benefit for diversification across our products and platforms. The other thing we learned is that there's a lead time I guess in terms of hardware orders that we were able to complete hardware orders in the latter part of the quarter in China because the hardware was already on site and being demoed by the customer. So we didn't have any additional physical delivery to complete the revenue cycle to be able to take revenue. Whereas if we haven't got the hardware on site for the customer, we have to wait for the customer sites to open. So that was the learning that we had and therefore the impact to our Q2 you see that in our Q2 guidance. We're expecting that some revenue we would normally be taking in Q2 we're expecting to fall into Q3 now.
Jason Celino: So from a progress standpoint customer engagement standpoint, is there anything else that mirrors or differs from what you saw in China customers versus North America or Europe?
Lip-Bu Tan: I don't think so. I think we're a company that operates like in the technology industry and we can never predict the computer but we always assume we are working in an industry where we always assume that's tomorrow will be very different from today and we so we operate very, very closely with our customers and that those client relationship allows us to be resilient, flexible and agile and very, very effective in times of change. I think we are also very diverse. We have people in 47 sites across 22 countries all very, very close to the customers. So we're able to navigate with change. We're able to move with change very easily. I don’t know I am delighted with how effective the teams have been.
Operator: Your last question comes from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yeah hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had a couple of them mainly for John. John thanks for all the colors on the on the China sales. I was just trying to figure out is it some of the outperformance versus IP in China. Within IP can you say was it more on the could datacenter, was it mobile, was it auto, any color would be helpful.
John Wall: It was certainly on the IP side, but I don't think we give any further color in terms of which part of IP, but IP was very strong in Q1 and we were delayed with that.
Krish Sankar: Got it and then obviously some of the emulation prototyping hardware is assembled and tested by the subcontractors, with specific geography that you subcons in right now?
John Wall: So most of our hardware is made in the US in the Americas, but yeah we have very close relationships with our suppliers with seconds source suppliers. We also have ample inventory. I don't think we have any supply-chain issues.
Krish Sankar: And then just a final question, I'm guessing it's not an issue but if you look across your whole customer spectrum, if you look at some of the smaller customers, do you worry about potential payment issues for them in the second half or so if the economy goes into recession?
John Wall: That's a very good point. In our guidance we're anticipating some natural credit deterioration and particularly in the longer tail of customers we've said many times in the past that our top 40 customers we generate 55% to 60% of our revenue from those customers and thankfully they're in a very strong position. Many of them we like a who's who have the strongest balance sheets in the world, but in the longer tail there naturally we would be concerned about some credit deterioration. So we built in some anticipation for natural credit deterioration in the long tail but now if there shelter and phase order remains in place for much longer than the end of Q2 and we don't improvement in the second half, that could impact the business of our customers and our customer's customers and I cause credit critically to deteriorate more than we're currently anticipating I haven't got that -- haven't anticipated a great depression or anything. But we have assumed that there may be some credit deterioration if this last through the end of June and that's all. We can't predict the future. I can only share with you what's in our assumptions.
Krish Sankar: But can you quantify that credit determination or…
John Wall: It's only slight like you say it's may be 5% to 10%'s slower payments because that could impact our revenue timing because you become more variable -- you have variable consideration. So we have a typical recurring revenue pool, but and if you assume everyone is credit worthy, that's very even every quarter. If there's any credit deterioration, that can cause a little bit of a delay because you have to wait until you collect cash to recognize revenue.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'll turn the call back to Lip Bu for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Our intelligence system design strategy is paying out very nicely as we benefit from new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence and expanded total addressable market. In this time of uncertainty, I'm very impressed with all the dedication and commitment shown by our employees to continue innovating and delighting our customers. We're all in this together and I'm convinced that we will collectively come out of this unfortunate situation stronger as company, as a community. And lastly on behalf of all our employees and our Board of Directors, I want to give our heartfelt thanks with extremely brave and courageous healthcare workers and others on the front line and others on the frontline and they're tirelessly working to fight this pandemic. Have a wonderful day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. This concludes the call and you can now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jesse, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Fourth Quarter 2019 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Alan, the Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Jessie, and I would like to welcome everyone to our fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call. I am joined today by Lip-Bu Tan, Chief Executive Officer; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The webcast of this call is available through our website cadence.com and will be archived through March 13, 2020. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of the call today. Please note that, the discussion today will contain forward-looking statements and that the actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results. The reconciliations are available at the Investor Relations section of cadence.com. Copies of today's press release dated February 12, 2020 for the quarter ended December 28, 2019, related financial tables and the CFO commentary are also available on our website. And now, I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Cadence delivered a strong Q4, achieved excellent operating results for the year. For 2019 amidst environmental headwinds, we delivered 9% year-over-year revenue growth and 32% non-GAAP operating margin with strength across our product lines. John will provide more details shortly. Macro uncertainty and geopolitical headwinds persist into 2020, but strong design activity continues at both advanced nodes as well as More-than-Moore front. This is being driven by generational technology drivers. 5G, AI and machine learning, hyperscale computing, industrial IoT and autonomous vehicles which have all helped semiconductors at their foundation and are propelling the need for next-generation computing, connectivity and storage. I believe these trends in addition to system companies developing custom silicon, domain-specific processing, computing, silicon start-ups and digital transformation of vertical segments like industrial, and aerospace and defense will continue to fuel silicon renaissance over the next few years. In 2019, we unveiled our Intelligent System Design strategy that will enable us to maximize these opportunities, while tripling our TAM through proliferation in foundational design excellence segment and expanding beyond EDA into system innovation and pervasive intelligence. We achieved strong growth in design excellence, which is comprised of core EDA and IP fueled by the launch of several innovative products, as well as wide-ranging expansion of our solutions particularly at market shipping customers. Our digital and signoff business achieved double-digit revenue growth for the year, as strong proliferation continued, driven by customer demand for solutions offering best-in-class, performance, power, area, and time to market capabilities. Our market shipping global mobile company expanded their partnership with us, through a, large and comprehensive EDA software booking, which included a significant expansion of our digital footprint. Building upon successful, 7-nanometer designs, Cadence and Broadcom expanded, their collaborations to include the creation of 5-nanometer designs, using Cadence digital implementation solutions. We have about 50 new full flow wins in 2019, including a recent full flow competitive win, for new advanced node designs, with a leading maker of FPGA chips. During the year we announced successful -- successes in our digital business with customers such as, MediaTek, Samsung, Socionext, Innovium, Mellanox and Uhnder. Verification is one of the top challenges of our customers. And our verification suite had several wins across multiple vertical segments, in 2019. Our Xcelium parallel simulator with this innovative rocket tech technology continues to proliferate and recently had a noteworthy win at the leading U.S. computing company. Our hardware family comprised of Palladium Z1 emulator. And recently introduced Protium X1, FPGA-based prototyping platform provides a comprehensive solution across IP and SOC verification, hardware-software regressions and earlier software development. Due to a common, front-end compiler this complementary platforms when working in tandem deliver even more compelling value to our customers. And we are getting strong traction with Protium X1 being deployed at Palladium accounts. Hardware had a record year with significant expansion at several customers, while adding 19 new Z1 and 11 new X1 customers, over the year. Including a global marquee customer that plays one of the largest hardware orders ever for Cadence. 2019 was an outstanding year for our IP business, with 16% year-over-year revenue growth. As our focus strategy and strong portfolio leveraged the continuing IP outsourcing trend, while enabling customers to accelerate their innovation, and time to market. It was an especially strong quarter and year for our Tensilica products, with wins in audio, imaging, computer vision and machine learning. Loyalty growth was strong. Particularly in the audio market where Tensilica, HiFi, DSP processor are increasingly proliferating in True Wireless studio-based earbuds and in the next-generation smart speakers. Design IP had a great year as well with strength in DDR, PCIe and our 112-gig SerDes products, as we fully proliferate with customers in AI, 5G and cloud computing. Early in the year we augmented our partnership with a marquee U.S. semiconductor company, through our largest IP agreements -- arrangements ever, which included Tensilica processor IP 112-Gig SerDes IP as well as additional memory and interface IP products. Now let us move on to the system innovation segment of our Intelligent System Design strategy. In 2019, we entered the system analysis market. An estimated $5 billion TAM opportunity by introducing two exciting new products: The Clarity 3D Solver, the next-generation solution for electromagnetic field simulations; and Celsius Thermal Solver, the industry first complete electrothermal co-simulation solution. Increasing system complexity and time to market pressures are driving the need for far more engineering simulations, while underscoring the significant performance and capacity limitation of existing industry solutions. Both Clarity and Celsius are based on proven massive parallel architecture that delivers up to 10 times faster performance, while maintaining gold standard accuracy. We are extremely pleased with the ramp of these innovative products with well over 90 evaluations underway and more than 20 customers to-date including Micron, STMicro, TÜV SÜD, Realtek and Ambarella. Generational industry trends are driving the need for increasing -- increased heterogeneous integration coupled with a slowing down of Moore's Law drove strong demand for our advanced packaging solutions leading to double-digit year-over-year growth. There are growing challenges in designing products for complex high-frequency RF application, especially in the 5G wireless, aerospace and defense and automotive segments. To that end, we acquired AWR a leader in high-frequency RF solution. We also acquire Integrand Software, which provide a leading RF solution for analysis and extraction. Integrating these technologies with our Virtuoso and Allegro platforms will enable us to offer a comprehensive platform for RF millimeter wave products from initial design to simulation, implementation, verification and manufacturing. We entered into a strategic alliance agreement with National Instruments which is focused on the design to test flow enabling customers to improve quality and reduce time to market. Lastly we extended our cloud leadership in EDA providing customers with compelling productivity, flexibility and scalability benefits. Adoption of our cloud portfolio accelerated and we passed the 100 customer mark. TSMC partnered with Cadence and Microsoft on the first TSMC IC layout contest. Cadence delivered CloudBurst space Azuro environment that allows several hundreds of students to simultaneously compete using Cadence layout tools. With that, I will now turn the call over to John to review the financial result and provide our updated outlook.
John Wall: Thanks Lip-Bu and good afternoon everyone. I am pleased with our financial performance for Q4 and 2019. Despite some macro headwinds, we grew revenue across all business groups and our focus on delivering profitable revenue growth resulted in 9% revenue growth and 32% non-GAAP operating margin for the year. Turning to the numbers for the fourth quarter and the year starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $600 million for the quarter and $2.336 billion for the year. Non-GAAP operating margin was approximately 31% for the quarter and 32% for the year. GAAP EPS was $2.36 for the quarter and $3.53 for the year. GAAP EPS include a one-time GAAP-only tax benefit of $2.06 for the quarter and $2.05 for the year. This tax benefit related to intercompany transfers of certain intellectual property rights to Cadence's Irish subsidiary. Excluding the one-time GAAP-only tax benefit, GAAP EPS were $0.30 for the quarter and $1.48 for the year. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.54 for the quarter and $2.20 for the year. Looking at the balance sheet and cash flow, our cash balance totaled $705 million at year-end. Operating cash flow in the fourth quarter was $159 million and $730 million for the full year. DSOs were 47 days and we repurchased $75 million of Cadence shares during Q4 for a total of $306 million for the year. During 2019, we grew revenue by $198 million with over $100 million of that incremental revenue growth dropping through into non-GAAP operating income. That means, we have now grown our annual revenue by around $520 million since 2016, with around $280 million of that incremental revenue growth dropping through into non-GAAP operating income. Now moving on to our fiscal guidance Q1 2020, we expect revenue in the range of $610 million to $620 million. Non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 30%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.32 to $0.34; and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.53 to $0.55. For the full year fiscal 2020, we expect revenue in the range of $2.545 billion to $2.585 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin of 32% to 33%; GAAP EPS in the range of $1.46 and to $1.56. Non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.40 to $2.50. We expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $775 million to $825 million, and we expect to use approximately 50% of our free cash flow to purchase Cadence shares in 2020. Our guidance assumes that the export limitations that exist today for certain customers will remain in place for all of 2020. We recently completed two acquisitions and we've included the impact of those acquisitions in our guidance. And finally, please note that fiscal 2020 will be a 53-week year for Cadence. You will find guidance and additional items -- for additional items as well as further analysis in the CFO commentary available on our website. In conclusion, Cadence delivered another year of strong revenue growth and expanding profitability. Our focus on delivering profitable revenue growth has resulted in a large portion of our revenue growth flowing through to operating income over the past three years. Excluding the impact of the 53rd week and recent acquisitions, our guidance assumes that trend will continue with approximately half of revenue growth in 2020 flowing through to operating income. I would like to thank our customers, partners and our hard-working employees for their continued support and I look forward to updating you on our progress for 2020. And with that, operator we'll now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Good evening and congratulations on a nice finish to the year. First question on your new system products. It sounds like you had some nice success there gaining some wins. And wanted to maybe see if you could contrast or compare how the typical engagement with the system products compares with that in the digital space where you've obviously had some success doing it proliferating over the years. Do you think it could have the same type of pattern in terms of initial engagement one seat and then proliferation over time? And just how you're thinking about the runway of these products as you continue to go after this market?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes Rick. This is Lip-Bu. Let me try to answer your questions. First of all, we are excited about the system analysis space that we are going in on our system innovation strategy. And there's about $5 billion 10 market opportunity for us. And we're initially are moving in with the two new product organically developed Clarity 3D Solver and also Celsius Thermal and one for the EM fuel solver simulator and then the other one is the electro-thermal co-simulation software. And so both are launching out the later part of last year and both are proven massive parallel architecture, 10x performance and we are excited and that the response had been very positive. More than 90 -- 9-0 evaluations and we already have 20 customers and I'll highlight a few. So, I think this is just early stage of entry and these two products is addressing about $700 million of TAM market opportunity. And clearly we are excited about it and that's really back into our core competence in terms of computation and software and also related to our in our EDA and then expanding to the system level. And also our customer request us to move into that and so that we can really provide a more compelling solution to the customer. And to answer your question would that be like digital? I know we take one step at a time, take one ending at the time and then gradually we can proliferate in our customer-to-customer. And then beyond that then the customer is going to tell us what are the area will be interesting for them what are the future performance they are going to have. We still continue to be humble lending from our customer and then really drive innovation within the company to do that. So, I think overall stay tuned. It's still very early in the game.
Rich Valera: Great. And then John a quick question for you on your acquisition of AWR. Can you say if there was much of a deferred revenue haircut as you blended that into the model?
John Wall: Yes. Sure Rich. Yes purchase accounting rules significantly limit the revenue we can recognize from both AWR and Integrand in 2020. Combined we've added $20 million to annual revenue in our guidance for 2020. Almost all of that from AWR. We expect both acquisitions to be dilutive to earnings in 2020, but we expect them to be accretive in 2021.
Rich Valera: Perfect. Thank you very much gentlemen.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Mitch Steves, your line is open.
Mitch Steves: Hey, can you hear me okay? Hello.
John Wall: Yes Mitch. We can hear you.
Mitch Steves: Okay. Yes. So, two questions for me. The first one is actually a little more technical. You guys are talking a lot more about kind of going into RF space. Is this due to the fact that when you go to chip with design architectures in the future, they're going to have more complex RFs? Am I thinking too complex about that or is that kind of one of the reasons why you guys are pushing in that space?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, it's a very good question. Clearly, we are listening to the customer. As you all know 5G is deploying and then most of the challenging on the 5G and some of the other application market is the REFINANCING, high-frequency RF. And so we have been looking what is the best way to address this in terms of the hydrogenous integration and all the complexity to put it together? And so we are delighted in a way have been working with National Instruments and we are delighted able to acquire the AWR and then form a partnership with National Instruments in terms of alliance partnership. And clearly the high-frequency RF solution they have and then also we just add-on another new acquisition called Integrand Solutions and that gives us a very compelling RF solution for the design. And then together with our Virtuoso and Allegro platform that we provide a very comprehensive platform for RF millimeter wave product development all the way from design to simulation to verification. And so we are really excited about this integration of the solution providing that really needed solution that the customer want to design and then to verify. And that's why we are very excited about this acquisition.
Mitch Steves: Got it. That was very helpful. And then just for John really quick. Just for the half-on-half operating margin. You guys are starting at 30%, but you're talking to kind of work up pretty materially. So, does that imply that you're exiting kind of a 33%, 34% operating margin? Just trying to get any sort of help in terms of what the margin should look like half-on-half.
John Wall: Yeah. Sure Mitch. Yeah, I guess in terms of -- certainly the back half of the year, it will have a higher margin profile than the first half of the year. Partly that's due to the impact of the 53rd week. 53rd week in Q4 will add about $40 million to annual revenue. But when you add the extra week of expenses of course, the upside to operating income is minimal there. And then with the like combined impact of the 53rd week and the acquisitions, basically the impact of the purchase accounting rules on the acquisition is kind of -- is bigger in the first half and the first quarter and kind of gradually reduces over time over the four quarters.
Mitch Steves: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Tom Diffely: Yes. Good afternoon. A quick question on the IP side of the business, it sounds like it grew 16% year-over-year. Wondering if that was all organic growth? And then was most of that driven by Tensilica and the wireless earbuds?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. Tom as I mentioned, we grew very nicely. It's a great outstanding year for us for the IP business, 16% revenue year-over-year growth and pretty much across the board. I mean clearly the best of that is the Tensilica, and we have a strong quarter and also the whole year and expertly in the audio, imaging and computer vision. And then the other part that we really like is their loyalty growth very strong and especially in the audio side. And I mentioned about the earbugs and also the smart speakers that we have a very strong footprint there. And then the other part the design IP also have a great year and across the board from DDR PCIe and then our newly acquired not too long ago the 112-gig SerDes, that is a must-have for all the hyperscale guy and that infrastructure rollout and that is for the AI machine learning. And so, we're also delighted in that the marquee U.S. semiconductor company with us in the largest IP agreement we have across different memory Tensilica and the 112-gig SerDes. And to answer your question, it is all organically developed and nothing from acquisition.
Tom Diffely: Great. And based on just the consumer component to that, would you expect that to continue to be more heavily weighted to the third calendar quarter? Or is it too diversified to make that call?
Lip-Bu Tan: Say again the question?
Tom Diffely: Yeah. I'm wondering if the IP -- if you expect from a seasonality point of view just for it to be largest in the third calendar quarter? Or is it so diversified that it's tough to make that call?
John Wall: Yeah. It's quite diversified. But yeah, we went through a period back in 2016 where we refocused our IP and went for profitable revenue growth. Right now we're only guiding Q1 and the year. But certainly IP has been doing very, very well. We're very pleased with the growth that we're seeing.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then to follow-up John, when you look at the margins on a quarterly basis, what's the biggest determinant of the range? Is it product mix? Or is it with specific customer mix?
John Wall: It's probably more product mix. Of course like the first part of the year, we're impacted by the purchase accounting rules on the two acquisitions. In Q4, we'll get the benefit of that 53rd week. Also and probably -- right now, we probably should take a moment to acknowledge the dynamic situation, our employees and partners in China and the Asia Pacific region are navigating as health officials respond to the coronavirus. Our focus is on our employee safety working with the authorities and dealing with the crisis and on the potential business impact. Any impact of the coronavirus that we could quantify at this time is in our guidance. But, a large portion of our revenue of course is recurring in nature and the impact we have seen to date is minimal and immaterial to our overall numbers. But that impact is more kind of front-loaded to the early part of the year.
Tom Diffely: Okay. That helps. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Security. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hey, guys congratulations to a strong finish to the year and a strong start to this current year. I wanted to ask about your backlog. If I read correctly that you cited a backlog increase of about 20% from the conclusion of 2019 versus 2018. Is that apples-to-apples comparison adjusting for the way you now count for IPAA commitments?
John Wall: Hi, Gary, yes. Backlog was $3.6 billion at year-end which includes approximately $200 million of non-cancelable IP access agreements. That's up from $3 billion at the end of 2018 including $100 million of IP access agreements. Now it's impacted by the timing of renewals. And our weighted average duration for 2019 was slightly higher because we had a really, really strong Q4. That weighted average duration for 2019 was 2.7 years. Now if I look at the average for 2018 and 2019 together, it was in the usual 2.4 to 2.6-year range. And if I look at 2017 through 2019 that's also in our typical 2.4 to 2.6-year range. But Q4 was a strong quarter for us and it took the weighted average duration for 2019 up to 2.7 years. As you know IP is lumpier than software as is our hardware portion of functional verification and that had a slight impact also.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Okay. I appreciate that. I know you guys have always tried to manage the business new projects acquisitions and whatnot based on the Rule of 40 some of the revenue growth in the non-GAAP operating margin and you just concluded 2019 with about 41%. You're guiding for 2020 at 42% and I'm sure the extra week has some impact on that. And so therefore are you willing to step out of your prior long-term margin guide of 30%? Or should we now as well also start to consider the Cadence business being a 10% top line grower?
John Wall: So Gary I don't think we gave a long-term margin target of 30% in the past. And you are right to point out the Rule of 40. We kind of manage the businesses using a Rule of 40 metric. I think in 2018 if you go back we achieved – what is it 10% revenue growth and 30% non-GAAP operating margin in 2019? Now the year we just closed we just did 9% and 32%, yes. So a combined 41% on the Rule of 40 metric. But – and for 2020 guidance I think you'll see that it's approximately 10% for revenue growth and about 32.5% or in the range of 32% to 33% for non-GAAP operating margin. The piece that we've been focused on is driving profitable revenue growth. And that's why I called out the – that's what I was calling out the impact in my prepared remarks of the amount of our revenue growth that's flowing through to our non-GAAP operating income line. I think if you take the combined impact of the 53rd week and the acquisitions. I mean combined they add about $60 million of revenue to our fiscal 2020 but the impact to operating income is slightly negative in 2020 predominantly due to those purchase accounting the purchase accounting impact on those acquisitions. Excluding the impact of the 53rd week in the acquisitions our guidance assumes this approximately half of our revenue growth in 2020 flows through to operating income. So we're very happy with where we are. But because we're adding so much incremental margin you're seeing the operating margin increase year-over-year. But there's no near-term ceiling that we can see because we have about 50% flow through to operating income but we haven't put out a long-term target.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think Gary I'll just add on to it. Basically we continue to drive innovation, continue to delight the customer with the best products and then meanwhile drive the efficiency in terms of Rule of 40 and then we'd like to print the numbers. So we continue to execute and deliver the result to the shareholders.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Last question on the cash. It looks like you repatriated some cash a quite substantial amount. I'm just curious what the reasoning behind that is.
John Wall: Yes. As we're just preparing to complete the acquisitions the two acquisitions we completed at the start of the year. At year-end worldwide cash totals just over $700 million $705 million of which about $400 million of that within the U.S.
Gary Mobley: Got you. Thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. An intermediate term question and then a longer-term question. So the first question is, in the long history of EDA, the requirements for applications engineers or AEs has typically been a pretty good coincidental or a leading indicator of business conditions in EDA. In your case, starting in second half of 2018 and through the first half of last year, you significantly ramped up your additions there obviously connected I'm sure to the U.S. marquee customer and others. But now your openings there have tailed off. So the question is, have you largely filled much of your requirements for AEs and you're now back to a more normal run rate of requirements for AEs? And maybe just talk about your thinking on what is generally your second largest source of employment after R&D. And then secondly, a longer-term question on computational software how is the company committing resources or the organization to do that? Is there a dedicated group of structure within the company for that? And then a technical question but as a follow-up on that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Good question Jay. Let me try to answer and then John will chip in. First of all, we are not guiding our hiring plan. But clearly, the AE, we're always recruiting AE and add-on AE when we have a clear signal for the customer to drive success proliferation. And we continue to drive efficiency. And so we look at a clearer balance in terms of the demand. And also meanwhile, we also drive the efficiency and see where we can really drive down the highest return for the shareholders. And so, we continue to monitoring that. And so based on the project required and also continue to monitoring what the company commitment to us before we really rule out. And in terms of the system analysis space, so clearly customer interest in our product is very strong. We want to proliferate this product and then build out our road map and then along the way, we will augment our needs for the existing team. But so far, we continue to hiring top R&D and FAE when we see them. And we're very high bar. So, we want to make sure that we pick the right one to really -- able to really drive the efficiency and then to the whole system analysis market that we try to go after.
John Wall: Yes. And Jay, I mean combinational software is kind of Cadence's core competence. We manage the group across five different business groups -- or manage employees across five different business groups. And I mean -- sorry we manage the business ,the employees across five business groups. We've got functional verification the Digital IC Group, Custom IC, Silicon Package Board and IP. Yes. And the -- like I say we're happy with the way we're ramping up innovative products on the system analysis side. I mean as Lip-Bu said we had over 90 evaluations underway and more than 20 customers today.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: A technical follow-up on that. Thus far at least with Clarity and Celsius, you're taking very much of a point tool approach to computational software at least for simulation and analysis use cases. But when you think about what customers do in simulation and engineering software more broadly, it seems to me that you're also going to have to have some kind of a process or data management capability to unify across the multiple solvers. So, how do you envision going beyond just a point tool by point tool product strategy towards a more comprehensive flow or process orientation?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Good question Jay. I think first of all when you started you had to address the point tool solution and then drive the best point tool solution. And then over time, then you have an integrated platform able to drive the platform strategy, Liberate our digital implementation we start with our place and route Innovus first then we start with -- then the synthesis tool like Genus, then you have the Pegasus. And then along the way then you can really push for the whole platform. And then same thing as our verification suite we do that. So this is just a beginning as I mentioned earlier. This is the initial move in. And then along the way we have a plan of the other product lines and also through acquisitions, so that we can really creating a platform that we can marching forward as a full-court press. And so, right now, we are taking very calculated and then addressing the tool that the big TAM market is $700 million, we can go after. Then over that and now we have our game plan, while developing various other tool and stay tuned. And over time we will unfold it and then create a platform and then we can push the platform like our digital and verification.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks very much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jackson Ader with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jackson Ader: Thanks, guys. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. First one, just on the impacts in China from the virus. How are those impacts? I know, John, you mentioned they were minimal, but how are they actually manifesting themselves? Are orders being delayed? Are conversations being delayed? Or are the conversations, like you mentioned about the safety of your employees? Are the conversations just not focused on business at the moment?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So let me start and then John can chip in. So, first of all, we acknowledge the dynamic situation, our employee and partners in China and Asia Pacific and we navigate through carefully. We're monitoring carefully also. And then, with health official and then make sure that we respond to that coronavirus. And then, meanwhile, the first priority is really focused on our employee safety and then working with authority to deal with the crisis. And then the Wuhan and also -- this week a lot of people coming back to work. And then, how it's going to be impacting -- we're getting closing on the monitoring, on the supply chain and also the whole factory reopen and so at a different stage. And good news is, our revenue is recurring in nature. And then, meanwhile, we're also monitoring the situation check with all our key customer and partner. And so far that, we already built into our -- whatever we forecast in the budget. And then, clearly, the impact is minimum and immaterial overall number. And that's what John is highlighting in his assumption, that we see and we're closely monitoring so far.
John Wall: Yes. Jackson, I mean, we're closely monitoring the situation. In terms of what we've seen so far is, we're picking up some extra expenses as we try to support our customers from remote regions that we're paying some people over time. We have -- some of our revenue comes from royalties. We've ratcheted down our expectations of royalty revenue in Q1, because some of that royalty revenue comes out of China and Asia Pacific.
Lip-Bu Tan: And all is included in the guidance?
John Wall: Yes. Everything is in our guidance.
Jackson Ader: Okay. All right. Great. That's helpful. And then a more broad question on Clarity and Celsius or really just 3D solvers, in general. Is there any reason or is there anything structural that you see in terms of the margin profile that would be different from your core EDA business relative to the 3D solver market?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yes. I think clearly the system analysis space is a good market is a good business. And we are again mentioned it's very early in the game. And we continue to driving the opportunity and proliferating with our customer. And I think the market is ready and a lot of our customer request that.
John Wall: Yes. The profile is the profitability profile is very similar to EDA. And it's probably our entry into system analysis is probably one of our drivers of increased op margin. I think if you look at our gross margin for 2018 it was 90%. In 2019 we achieved 90.6%. And in our guidance we're targeting 91% because of the growth we're seeing and because of all the evaluations that are underway on the system analysis space.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: John I just want to go back to the acquisitions and maybe understand a little bit better the impact they're having on op margins in the March quarter. And I appreciate that you've talked about the impact kind of diminishing throughout the year. But what kind of exit run rate should we think about on op margins relative to the acquisitions influences?
John Wall: Right. So, like you say, it combines the two acquisitions, add about $20 million of revenue in 2020. And they are dilutive to earnings in 2020. I think if you look at the impact on the purchase accounting is kind of heavily weighted toward the first quarter and it kind of -- it bleeds off, kind of as we go through each of the four quarters. There's still a little bit that bleeds into 2021, but we expect to be accretive in 2021.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful.
John Wall: Another driver -- sorry, just another driver of the op margin profile for Q1, is that, I do want to kind of remind you that we've grown headcount significantly. During 2019, we entered 2019 with less than 7,500 employees. We were up to 8,078. So up about 8% in the headcount by the end of 2019, as we're investing in proliferation with market chasing customers and these TAM expansion opportunities.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then maybe as my follow-on, I'm kind of curious, when you think about the organic growth for 2020, especially kind of in the core EDA business, how should we think about kind of share gains at traditional customers versus sort of growth in new applications and new customers around AI? And I'd be curious as you answer the question, clearly, M&A has been a key theme in semis over the last kind of five to eight years and I presume as larger companies bought smaller companies, they perhaps had better pricing on EDA tools, just by a function of scale. I'm curious if you'd look back over time whether or not that was a meaningful headwind to revenue growth and now that a lot of the big M&A is probably behind us how -- does that become sort of a tailwind to revenue growth?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. John, it's a good question. First of all, I'm excited about this industry, because it's very unusual to have five major waves happening at the same time. You have the AI machine learning wave and you have 5G is starting to deploy and then you have the hyperscale guy the really massively scaled infrastructure. And then we have autonomous driving and then the whole digital transformation of the industry group. And then as I mentioned earlier, clearly some of this big system company and a service provider, they are quietly building up the silicon capability. They're also reaching out to us to really expand beyond that to the system analysis space. And so I think we are excited about the opportunity in front of us. And so far I think the core EDA I think the proliferation from the leading customer, we still have a lot of opportunity in front of us and we are very excited in our pursue aggressively on that in terms of share gain. And then the other part is clearly some of the new product that we are launching now. And I should -- you will recall that one of the big strategy for Cadence is right to driving the innovation. So we have last year we have seven new organically developed products. Beside those system analysis tool, we have the Protium X1 we have Spectre X product and then we have the Jasper, Smart Gold and CloudBurst. And by the way some of the new product we tried to move into the cloud. We take the leadership in the cloud and then basically cloud native tool that really drive the performance and the scalability for our customer and they love it. And so I think in terms of pricing-wise, our value about the value we don't want to price it and then we really drive quality and we want to be the trusted partner for the customer. They can count on us to really drive their performance. And then in return, we get the value that we won. And when you move down to 5-nanometer, 3-nanometer that's when we become very important to them to drive some of this design success and then we're exciting to be partner in supporting them.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks guys. Congratulations.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Gonzalez with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Adam Gonzalez: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I just wanted to take a step back and you're talking about this $5 billion market opportunity in system analysis. But I think in the past you've talked about a $30 billion market versus the $10 billion market you serve and that's inclusive of EDA IP. Can you help me reconcile the difference between the $10 billion EDA and IP market you serve, plus the $5 billion system analysis market? How are you guys getting the $30 billion? What am I missing? Thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So let me just draw the picture for you. Besides the -- we have this we call it Intelligent System Design strategy the first layer on the ground floor is we call it the design excellence. That is a core EDA and IP. There's still a lot of room to grow in terms of proliferation of products, especially some of the innovating products that we are really driving. And then secondly, we are moving into the next level you call the system and innovation. In terms of system analysis and it's just a portion of it. And then you have embedded software, security that is overlay on that. And then the third layer is we call it pervasive intelligence. And as we are applying the AI algorithm know-how to really address our core business and also some of the specific vertical that we are going after. And then that total together is basically from the $10 billion from the design excellence that's two other layers that will add up another $20 billion to really drive some of the vertical markets that we are serving in the next five years.
Adam Gonzalez: Okay. Next five years. Got it. And then following up on Clarity and Celsius good job with the cost momentum you've built so far. Can you give me an overview or give us an overview of the competitive landscape and what your differentiators are there? And in that $700 million TAM that you're addressing so far, is there a next point tool solution or market that you're looking to target perhaps in the near future? Thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think we mentioned earlier about this $5 billion TAM market. Initially, we're target on that $700 million. That is in the EM solver and also the thermal co-simulation area. And then we are quietly building some other products. And stay tuned when we are ready we will launch that. And so initially we cannot get a few, we call it the low-hanging fruit, clearly drive the computation software differentiation that we can show 10x performance. We're excited to validate that with 90 evaluation and 20 customers signed up. And more is coming. So we will keep you updated on that. Clearly I think people see the performance of 10x performance and they can really have that performance driven and they are excited to see that -- they want to get the best tool. And then over time they're going to tell us what are the new tool we had to go in and we're going to build and acquire and then build up the platform to really drive the success in that system analysis. And again, I say that this is just the beginning. And so we're in the early inning.
Adam Gonzalez: Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. 
Operator: Your last question comes from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Tom Diffely: Hi, Just a quick follow-up. John when you look at the 53-week year does that have a bigger impact on your cost structure than it will on revenues?
John Wall: Yes. So essentially the if you look at the 53rd week it's a holiday week kind of between Christmas and New Year, it adds about $40 million to annual revenue because it's really the recurring piece of our revenue that is daily subscription-based that we get the extra revenue for. But for -- on the expense side, we kind of pick up the full week of expenses. So the upside to operating income is minimal for that 53rd week.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And I will turn the call back to Lip-Bu Tan for any closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Next phase of our strategy, Intelligent System Design brings new opportunities in design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence in an expanded total addressable market. We are capitalizing on multiple technology trend and further proliferating our solution with a broader base of customers. Culture is a very important component of our success and who we are as a company in the community. And in November, Cadence was named to Investor's Business Daily first-ever Top 50 environmental social corporate governance we call it the ESG company list. The list -- this list ranks the company with regarding to sustainability and ethical impact ranked Cadence number 1 in technology category and number 5 overall. In closing, I would like to thank all our shareholders, customer and partners and the Board of Directors and our hard-working employees for their continued support.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Josh and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Cadence Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Josh, and I would like to welcome everyone to our third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. I am joined today by Lip-Bu Tan, CEO; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and CFO. The webcast of this call is available through our website, cadence.com and will be archived through the 13th of December 2019. A copy of today’s prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of the call today. Please note that the discussion today will contain forward-looking statements and that actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the Company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release we issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results. The reconciliations are available at the Investor Relations section of cadence.com. Copies of today's press release dated October 21, 2019 for the quarter ended September 28, 2019, related financial tables and the CFO Commentary are also available on our website. And now I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that Cadence achieved excellent operating results for the third quarter of 2019, delivering 9% year-over-year. Based on our strong execution and strength of our technology and business, we are again raising our outlook for the year. Given the uncertainty of the ongoing trade situations with China, our outlook assumes current export limitations remain in place for the rest of the year.  John will provide more details on our outlook shortly. While global economic and geopolitical uncertainty continues, long-term trends such as AI, 5G, cloud and IoT continues to drive strong design activity.  The move to domain-specific computing and system companies building custom silicon, as well as a host of innovative silicon startups, are all pushing the technology envelope and driving the need for high performance, low power computing; high bandwidth connectivity; and high-density storage. Our Intelligent System Design strategy focus - positions us well to maximize the resulting opportunities, through building out our portfolio and providing more capabilities and value to our customers. The foundation of our strategy is the Design Excellence segment, which is comprised of our core EDA and IP business.  I will now provide some of the key quarterly highlights in this area. A key element of our approach has been to closely collaborate with our ecosystem partners and focus on market shaping customers. In Q3, we deepened our partnership with Samsung through a comprehensive agreement across our digital, custom and verification product portfolio. Earlier this year we had reported a breakthrough, wide ranging win with a marquee U.S. semiconductor company. I am particularly pleased that we augmented that partnership with our largest ever IP order, that included our Tensilica processor family and our design IP portfolio, including ultra-high-speed SerDes.  At its recent Open Innovation Platform event, TSMC recognized Cadence with four Partner of the Year Awards, including an award for Joint development of 6-nanometer design infrastructure and one for Joint Delivery of Cloud-Based Productivity Solution. Our Cadence Cloud portfolio has great momentum, with over 50 customers using our solutions in the cloud. Cadence cloud-ready products, and close collaboration with our cloud infrastructure and foundry partners are enabling our customers to realize meaningful scalability, performance and flexibility benefits from using the cloud. Our CloudBurst model is used for hybrid cloud infrastructures, where customers want to augment their on-prem infrastructure, with burst capacity from the public cloud to address peak load. Continuing strong proliferation of our Digital and Signoff solutions, especially with market shaping customers at the most advanced nodes has driven share gains and double-digit year-to-date revenue growth. In addition to numerous 7-nanometer tape-outs, there are more than 15 customer engagements at 5- and 3- nanometer using our digital flow. MediaTek has deployed our digital full flow in production for their 7-nanometer designs. At Mellanox, a leader in data connectivity solutions, Innovus replaced the incumbent solution for all of their production 7-nanometer designs. We also had a digital full flow competitive win for 7-nanometer design with a leading Japanese imaging company. Uhnder used Cadence's digital full flow, which is based on common engines and includes Genus, Innovus, Tempus, and Pegasus, to achieve the best quality of results and fastest convergence on their highly innovative and completely integrated, first digital automotive Radar-on-Chip.  Next, I will discuss highlights of our System Design and Verification solutions. Our Palladium Z1 emulator, and the recently introduced Protium X1 FPGA-based prototyping platform, now provide a comprehensive solution across IP and SoC verification, hardware/software regressions, and earlier software development. Growing system design complexity and the high cost of failure continues to drive strong demand for our Palladium Z1. In Q3, the Z1 added eight new customers and had eight key expansions. Rounding off our hardware family is the Protium X1, which is a perfect complement to our Palladium Z1. I am excited by the strong customer interest in Protium X1. A global marquee customer significantly expanded their existing hardware footprint with additional Z1 capacity and Protium X1, as well, making it one of the largest hardware orders ever for Cadence. We had several full Verification Suite wins in Q3, including a major customer in Asia and an automotive semiconductor company in EMEA. In IP, our focused strategy and strong portfolio have enabled us to benefit from the continuing IP outsourcing trend. In Q3, we had our best ever quarter for IP with year-over-year revenue growth exceeding 20%. It was an especially strong quarter for our Tensilica products with additional wins in audio, imaging, computer vision, and machine learning. In System Innovation segment of our Intelligent System Design strategy, we introduced the Celsius Thermal Solver, which joins the Clarity 3D EM Solver in our growing suite of system analysis products. Celsius is the industry’s first complete electro-thermal co-simulation solution for the electronic systems from ICs to system – or to physical enclosures. Based on the proven, massively parallel architecture that delivers up to 10X faster performance with full accuracy, Celsius enables design teams to mitigate thermal issues at an earlier stage, thereby reducing system development iterations. Bosch and Arm have both endorsed this exciting new product and we are in the midst of earlier discussions with several other customers. Clarity, which was announced earlier this year, continued its strong momentum with four competitive wins during the quarter, and more than thirty active customer engagements underway. With that I will now turn the call over to John to review the financial results and provide our updated outlook.
John Wall : Thanks Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. I am pleased to report we met or exceeded all of our key operating metrics in Q3. As a result of continuing robust demand for our solutions and strong execution across our business, we are increasing our outlook for fiscal 2019. Before we get into the Q3 results, I would like to take a moment and talk about the ongoing trade uncertainties. With more companies recently added to the Entity List, the situation remains fluid and we will continue to closely monitor it. For the purpose of providing guidance for 2019, we’ve assumed that the current export limitations remain in effect, and the Entity List remains unchanged for the remainder of the year. Now, let’s go through the key results for the third quarter, starting with the P&L: Total revenue was $580 million, up 9% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 31.7%. GAAP EPS was $0.36, and Non-GAAP EPS was $0.54.  Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, at the end of the quarter, cash totaled $655 million while the principal value of debt outstanding was $350 million. Operating cash flow for Q3 was $139 million. DSOs were 43 days, and during Q3, we repurchased $75 million of Cadence shares. Now, I will provide our updated guidance. For Q4, we expect the following results: Revenue in the range of $590 million to $600 million, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 30%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.33 to $0.35, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.52 to $0.54, and we expect to repurchase $75 million of Cadence shares.  As a result, our updated guidance for fiscal 2019 is as follows: Revenue in the range of $2.327 billion to $2.337 billion, non-GAAP operating margin of 31.5% to 32%, GAAP EPS in the range of $1.50 to $1.52, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.18 to $2.20, and operating cash flow in the range of $700 million to $740 million. You will find guidance for additional items as well as further analysis in the CFO Commentary available on our website. In summary, I am pleased with our execution in an uncertain environment. Our strong, dependable results reflect the broad diversity of our global customer base. We remain focused on driving growth of our core business, highlighted by the proliferation of our digital full flow and we continue to invest in growth opportunities with market shaping customers, and new product areas.  In closing, I would like to thank our customers, partners, and of course our employees for their continued support.  And with that, operator, we’ll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Adam Gonzalez with Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Adam Gonzalez: Hi, yes. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the strong results. For the first one I’d like to focus on the IP business. I know IP can be a little bit volatile from a revrec standpoint, but can you help us understand how sustainable this large boost you saw in Q3 is? Should we expect a little bit of reversion in Q4 to Q3 kind of represents an inflection and if the latter, can you walk us through what the sustainable drivers are? Thanks. 
John Wall : So, Adam, yes, as Lip-Bu mentioned in his prepared remarks that Q3 was our best ever quarter for our Operator business with impressive revenue growth exceeding 20% year-over-year. I mean, if I look back over the last four quarters, the trailing fourth quarters were also up 20% year-over-year on IP. But we always see that revenue for IP can be lumpy in any single quarter, half or even year. But we do believe that it’s mostly be sustainable over the long-term. 
Adam Gonzalez: Got it. Thanks. And then for my follow-up, I guess, can you just give us an early view on 2020 growth based on the booking format that you are seeing today?
John Wall : Sorry, can you repeat the question? 
Adam Gonzalez: Just if you have an early view on what 2020 growth could be directionally if not in absolute value it’s based on the momentum that you are seeing today for the overall business? 
John Wall : Oh, we are not giving any guidance on 2020 right now like we say it’s – it can be lumpy in any one quarter, half or even year. We will provide that guidance at the end of our year. 
Adam Gonzalez: Got it. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open. 
Gary Mobley : Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on another strong quarter. I realize that you are probably going to be filing your 10-Q in about three hours or so. But can you give us a preview into what the remaining performance allegations were at the conclusion of the quarter? 
John Wall : Yes, I think it’s filed already. The contracted but unsatisfied performance obligations were approximately $3 billion at the end of Q3 including approximately $200 million over IP access arrangements. Those IP access arrangements are non-cancelable commitments from customers where products selection and quantities are determined by customers each quarter. 
Gary Mobley : Okay. So it’s about $200 million sequentially, if not mistaken? All right. I have multi-part question on your Systems Analysis business. Lip-Bu, you mentioned four wins for Clarity in your prepared remarks. In relation to those four wins in the early activity in the 30 engagements that you have how successful are you in your ability to separate these licensing deals from existing EDA customers, in other words monetize them above and beyond your existing revenue runrate, existing customers? And can you share with us what your typical deal size maybe for these types of wins and as well, perhaps when you could start to recognize some revenue from these four early Clarity wins? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, thank you for your question, Gary. I think couple of things. First of all, I think we have our approach of the System Analysis space that’s something is very – our core competence of our computation of software and that we can apply into this complex System Analysis space and then we have this two new products initially. We have now security that is a 3D EM Solver. We are delighted. We have four competitive wins and this is a great new product for us and we have more than 30 active customer engagements going forward. And so, we are excited about that and then, meanwhile, we just announced our Celsius Thermal Solver. Again back to that computational software strength that we have and we clearly demonstrate that up to 10 X performance and customers are delighted to see our performance especially Bosh and Arm, they both endorse our new products and we have made up earlier discussions. So it’s still in a very early stage of our emerging into the System Analysis and more and more our customer love that, because beside the EDA, beside the IP, they want to look at the total system solution simulation whether it fits the whole system, power, thermal, envelopes and it’s something that we can really demonstrate and provide the best solution for the customer. So it’s still very early and in terms of our pricing, again, it’s not part of our EDA and so, we do it differently and basically close to the market competitive and pricing and then – but in a very early stage of winning. And then stay tuned. Over time, we will unfold and give you progress updates. 
Gary Mobley : Okay. All right. Thank you guys. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jackson Ader with JP Morgan. Your line is open. 
Jackson Ader: Thanks guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Can we just start with hardware? So it looks like, Verification was the segment that probably struggled the most year-over-year and we’ve seen inventory bounces tick up the last couple of quarters. So I am just curious, is this maybe a building of some hardware ahead of pipeline or are we seeing any kind of struggling close rates in that hardware business? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, let me start first, Jackson, and then, John will give you more details about the inventory. And so, I think first of all, I think function Verification remain the fastest growing challenge for our customers and I mentioned, in Q3, we are delighted to deepen our partnership with Samsung through comprehensive agreement across much as Digital Custom and also Verification products. And then the Palladium Z1 have been doing great and the customers love it on the hardware emulation but now we – at the Protium X1 FPGA-based prototyping that we can provide a comprehensive solution across IP and SOC Verification, especially for hardware, software regression and earlier software development that combination using the same front-end software and make it easier for the customer. And then, so I think we clearly see that eight new customers and eight key expansions and so I think we are just delighted and very pleased Protium giving a lot of opportunity for us and we also highlight a global marquee customer significantly expanded their existing hardware footprint with additional Z1 capacity and add on the Protium X1 as well make us – make that one as the larger one or the largest hardware orders for Cadence. So I think, all in all, we see strength and then I think John can highlight the reason of building up the inventory. 
John Wall : Yes, Jackson, as Lip-Bu says, I mean, our hardware solutions are proven to be very robust in the marketplace and cost command is good. Q3 results were slightly up on Q3 2018. But we were building inventories heading into Q4 because we have strong pipeline going into Q4. 
Jackson Ader: Okay. That makes sense. And then, one quick question. A follow-up on the 30 customers that Clarity engagements. Can you give us any kind of just sense for those? Or is it significantly different from the Cadence customer base in EDA? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think, both and not just on semiconductor many are system companies and because they really see the value of up to 10X performance and tying well with the – from the system simulation down to the silicon emulation that’s fully integrated. It’s a compute that the customer loves. 
Jackson Ader: Okay. Thank you. 
John Wall : Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Co. Your line is open. 
Rich Valera : Thank you. First just a clarification. Congratulations on the large IP order that you mentioned was from the marquee customer you had referenced previously. I just wanted to clarify, is the significant hardware order as well, from the same marquee customer? Was that a different one? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think what we mentioned earlier is that, IP deal is with a global semi – U.S. semiconductor company, marquee U.S. semiconductor company and then the hardware clearly is a marquee – global marquee company and they are already our customer. But they are increasing their hardware capacity plus the Protium that they like a lot and so that they fully integrated and make it one of the largest hardware orders. 
Rich Valera : Got it. So they are different customers that were – just to be perfectly clear?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. 
John Wall : Yes, yes. 
Rich Valera : Okay. Thank you. And then, moving on to the system products, first just wanted to understand, you mentioned that Bosch and Arm had endorsed and I think you said both of these products and I just wanted to clarify that that was in fact an endorsement of both Celsius and Clarity? And then, if that’s the case, has either of them actually purchased Clarity? Are they among those four competitive wins you have for Clarity?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think we mentioned Bosch and Arm endorsed the Celsius product. And the Clarity, we mentioned about four competitive wins and then plus another 30 active customers. So that’s a differentiation, yes. 
Rich Valera : Got it. Understood. And then, I know, this is a tough subject, but just wanted to see if you are willing to say, sort of anything about China as we look into next year. This year, you’ve had a number of customers put on the entity list and you had the benefit of getting revenue from them for in some cases three quarters of the year, in some cases, maybe a couple quarters and as we go into next year, if the NND list sort of stays the same, you have kind of a full year in essence headwind from those customers. But I guess, recently, there is also been some policy put in place in China whereby they are actually providing incentives for companies to purchase both EDA tools and IP which could conceivably be a tailwind for you in the country. So, just wondering if there is anything you can say about sort of China as we look into next year? There is a lot of sort of factors at play. And I know you don’t want to give numbers, but just any thoughts there that would be helpful. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So let me just touch on, first of all, I think clearly, Cadence was – has and will continue to comply with the United States Department of Commerce Export Control and as I mentioned, the situation is fluid and we are monitoring carefully and even with this uncertainty, but we assume current export limitation remain in place for the rest of the year. So our guidance already provide everything we know in this and we are not. And so, I think is kind of where we are. John?
John Wall : Yes, and then, we are not going to speculate in terms of how that plays out for next year. But you are correct in your assessment that in some cases for some customers we had revenue in the first half of the year and some – and the second half of the year is quite different and we do have some headwinds. If there is no change, those headwinds will persist into next year.
Rich Valera : Okay. Thanks for taking the questions, gentlemen. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open. 
Tom Diffely : Yes, good afternoon. Another question on the IP. Just curious is the sequential growth solely due to the one large customer? Or did you see a broad based increase in IP demand as well?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, let me start first. Clearly, the – our focus strategy and strong portfolio in IP and in fact we keep on adding more IP portfolio beside the Tensilica and the memory connectivity and then we are excited about high speed SerDes that we bought from NewSemi and that 112 gig SerDes is a must have from a lot of datacenter infrastructure build-up and hyperscale guys really like it. And so, I think we have a very – we are very pleased with our portfolio and we are laser focused on our strategy, focused on the leading customers and then focused on the advanced nodes and then focus on something that we can scale. And then, so far, I think we have a very broad portfolio. But meanwhile we are very delighted and I mentioned earlier, this marquee semiconductor company, beside we have wide ranging win and now we add on this largest IP much as include TenSilica family, it also include the Design IP portfolio, we are excited about it, just add on top of it and we are very pleased with the progress. And IP is like the building block of the system. You really need the – start like, call it a star IP that a must have and we are really focused on the star IP. 
John Wall : Yes, we are very pleased with the consistent execution there in IP and they had a very strong finish to last year. They had a very strong Q1. Q2 was kind of flat on Q2 last year and then, we had a strong Q3. But as with all these things of course it creates a tough compare going forward.
Tom Diffely : Yes, do you see the natural seasonality in that business or is it purely project-based? 
John Wall : It’s purely project-based. I mean, there is – it’s kind of random from a seasonality standpoint.
Tom Diffely : Okay. And then, finally, John, in the press release you mentioned Okay. And finally John, in the press release you mentioned kind of a reorganization of some international offices that you had. 
John Wall: Yes.
Tom Diffely : The impact of taxes going forward, just wanted if there is something you can say on that?
John Wall: Yes, I mean that's a GAAP only thing. I mean in October 2019, we initiated a series of transactions involving an internal realignment of our international operating structure. And that realignment may significantly increase our foreign deferred tax assets. As you know, deferred tax assets are recognized when the depreciation of the asset is expected to offset future profits.  So there is a lot of calculations that go into trying to estimate the value. We've not completed our analysis and cannot yet estimate the impact. But we expect to complete the analysis and record the income tax impact in the fourth quarter of 2019.  We wanted to highlight that in our CFO Commentary, because our current GAAP guidance in the – basically doesn't account for this change. So we just wanted to highlight that that piece is open.
Tom Diffely : Okay. But no non-GAAP impact going forward?
John Wall: That's right.
Tom Diffely : Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mitch Steves: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Just two from me. Just regarding China in terms of historical, last quarter you guys kind of had a blot quarter with it being up 68% and now it's up about 21%. Is there any way to confirm, there is potentially some hardware pull just given the Huawei dynamics last quarter that and that's the reason why it's down sequentially or am I reading too much into it?
John Wall: Overall, China was – what 10% of revenue in Q3. Now, that's down from 12% in Q2, but flat from kind of Q1. It was - I think it was 10% in Q1 as well. But we've seen variability in our China revenue mix over the last six quarters. It's ranged from a low of I think 8% back in Q2 2018 to a high of about 13% in Q4 2018.  Back in Q4, 2018, we did experience a hardware pull-in and we did see the first half was quite strong for hardware. Q3 has been a little bit lighter for hardware and not shown up in gross margin. But like I said the hardware pipeline is strong for Q4 and hardware can be lumpy in any one quarter.
Mitch Steves: Okay, that makes lot of sense. And then secondly, I mean EDA is probably one of the better ways that's placed I mean over the next five years to 10 years. But one thing I am noticing here like your employee count is actually increasing pretty significantly going from like 4% growth to 8%.  I just want to be clear here. If I look out over the next, let's call it three years to five years that your OpEx is still going to under grow the revenue line. Is that a fair assumption? Because it looks like it's actually pretty close now at this point?
John Wall: Yes. We are not guiding anything on 2020 right now. But you're right to point out that the headcount has grown, because we are investing in opportunities for proliferation of market shaping customers and new products.
Lip-Bu Tan : And in some way, we are very excited about the environment, because you know, as I mentioned the couple of big driver AI, 5G, Cloud and IoT and then the whole data infrastructure is because of AI and all these drivers, there is a very big changes requirement needed. And so we have a suite of start-up and system company, they all try to meet the new requirements. So there is a lot of innovation happening.  And so we see the design activities increase and that's why I think also we have proliferation of our digital flow and also some of the key market shaping customers that were being adopted. And so we are building up the engineering and also the FAE support to win some of these accounts and then proliferating. And that's why John and I, we only increased the headcount when we see the deployment and also the commitment from the customers.
Mitch Steves: Got it. It's very clear. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer : Yeah, good afternoon guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I guess my first question is just on the relatively new North American customers clearly added to the September quarter. I wonder if you could just help me understand how we should be thinking about sizing that business over multiple years? And how that business scales for you as that customer continues to move down nodes?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yes. So, I think clearly we don't guide any 2020 outlook. But we are excited about. I don't know quite sure, new North America, but we only mentioned about marquee, the U.S. semiconductor company. We are excited about the partnership and we're expanding besides the tool expanding the IP proliferation and that part we will continue. We are excited about it.
John Pitzer : That's helpful. And then just my follow-up Lip-Bu. Just going back to your comments about AI, I think I'm kind of curious if you could size how big that business is, either as a percent of overall revenue or maybe of the growth? And I guess specifically, the semiconductor industry went 10 or 15 years without a lot of venture capitalist money and that's clearly changed around AI and there are somewhere between 40 to 60 potential AI start-ups that are getting funded.  I am just trying to get a sense of how important that is to your growth in the near-term? And kind of do you think that all these companies are going to be viable or is it more likely that this consolidates and if it's the latter, how do I think about kind of the AI revenue stream unfolding from here?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yeah, I think the AI implication to the whole industry can be quite significant. If you look at the university like MIT, there is called a school of – new School of Computing. They just raised $1 billion for that. Same thing with CMU, Carnegie Mellon and I am on the Trustee and now they are just offering the AI degree for undergrads.  And then, you can see the SoftBank, the Vision Fund tool is focused on AI. So you can see that AI implication. And in fact you are correct, if you look at the semiconductor growth recently in term of funding, a lot is driven by AI. AI is not just semiconductor. It's applied into all the different vertical industries. So the impact can be quite huge. And we are excited by this opportunity that design activities increase a lot. And so I think, all in all, I think clearly, we have a very good position. We have the AI machine learning application to our tool. So we see significant improvement in terms of our various tool. In terms of PPA run time and verification. So we are embarking on improving our tool. So that we can get the best products to meet the customer requirement. And the AI development is not just the start-up.  All the big hyperscale guy and all the big system company, they all have various degree of investment into AI. And then we also, our Tensilica, that’s a very clear good engine for some of the AI application like, audio, video and various others and then we are trying to build a software stack on top of the AI platform, so that we can provide a solution to our customer for the various vertical markets they try to address.
John Pitzer : It’s helpful. And then if I could just do a quick financial one in for John. John, just given what you guys did in the September quarter and in the year ago quarter, I am just kind of curious, your op margin sort of guidance for the December quarter. Can you help me understand why it would be down sequentially year-over-year rather than just an abundance of conservatism on your part?
John Wall: Yes. So, we haven't changed how we guide. I mean, we guide the same way all the time. But essentially it's the same as where we were at this time last quarter. Last quarter we guided Q3 at 30% for op margin and Q4 for 30%. In Q3, the beat was mainly on the gross margin side. I mean we assume gross margin comes out at about 90% in our estimates and we did better in Q3.  It came out - I think was 91.6% and we landed at 31.7% for op margin. So most of the – but most of the beat on the op margin side in Q3 was a result of gross margins. My expectation for Q4 is that, we have a significant hardware pipeline heading into Q4. It was kind of similar, it reminds me of where we were this time last year and last year, our gross margin ticked down, I think 200 basis points from Q3 to Q4.  So we are expecting about 30%. And that's because you've got a combination of things happening, right? You've got Q3 and Q4 we are assuming that that there is no change in export limitations right now. We are also investing in proliferation opportunities, market shaping customers and in new product areas. So that's what's – that's what's driving the numbers.
John Pitzer : That’s helpful. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Thank you. Good evening. Question for you, John, first. You noted in your prepared remarks $200 million or $212 million to be precise in IPAA commitments. This is not a metric that I think you disclosed before until tonight's Q. Was that amount to do mostly, if not solely due to a single customer or is it fairly broadly based in terms of numbers of IP customers comprising that? And then, secondly, just on longer term EDA market question for Lip-Bu.
John Wall: Yes, Jay. Thanks to point that out. Yes, the - that was an issue we had with how remaining performance obligations were calculated in the past. We reported backlog under the old rules and we would have include our IP Access arrangements. And then, under the new rules, the remaining performance obligations didn't include IP Access arrangements and they didn't seem to be consistent with how we reported in the past.  So we worked with our auditors just to say that we wanted to disclose it because, as you say now as of Q3, it's $212 million is the exact number. But there is $3 billion that we have in contracted, but unsatisfied performance obligations is more comparable to the backlog that we had at the end of last year.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Okay, thank you for that. For Lip-Bu, maybe a two part technology or market question. First, you often use the term, market shaping customer and it’s frankly a somewhat odd expression. How do you define customers that fall into that category? And more specifically, how do you dedicate resources to those customers in terms of commitments, and so forth? And then, a growth question, we've seen a number of categories in EDA have extended periods of consecutive growth. For example, in the industry data, of course your numbers, the custom category has had more than 30 consecutive trailing 12-month periods of growth, IC implementation more than 16, PCB 12. So, that's all very good of course, but historically, EDA growth cycles for a particular category don't last for more than three years to four years – three years to four years each. But we've now seen multiple categories that are meeting or beating historical periods of consistent growth. So, what’s your thinking in terms of sustainability or what's different now, vis-à-vis the different categories?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yes, so Jay, thank you for these questions. And let me address one each time. So, first of all, about market shaping customer the definition is that they are clearly the leaders in their sector. And so, they are the most demanding customer, but because they are leader, they are driving the innovation. They are driving the performance. And we want to be the partners for them, the trusted partner to enable their innovation to continue their leadership in the marketplace in the various different vertical markets or the platform that they create. We want them - we want to be the partner for them and that is how we define the market shaping customers. In terms of growth, as I mentioned, you can hear my passion clearly in a way, we are not creating the changes, we are right with the wave. And you know the beauty part in this particular junction of the industry there is a five different waves are driving the growth and they are changing the landscape of the requirement.  As I just mentioned, one example is AI and now we are moving into I call it the data-centric economy. It's all about data and then today, it’s only 2% of the data are being analyzed and being utilized. So there is a humongous opportunity. And then, this is applying to across all the different verticals and it’s really driving a change to the memory, driving the churn of the storage, driving the domain-specific processor.  So in a way it's workload specific depending on different workloads. Different markets require different rather than just CPU, GPU our FPGA, there is a new class of workload that require different type of processor and then we are also driving the memory, the storage, the infrastructure in terms of able to cope with the data, massive, massive explosion of data.  And then, so, all this is going to require new innovation in order to support that and for example the programmability, the scale out the storage and network and then scale out the top of the rack, all the way to topping on the spy in term of the infrastructure 12.8 terabit per second to 51.2 terabit per second switch and all the high-speed interconnecting.  And that's why the SerDes is so important for high speed. And that's why Cadence bought it, and then we're going to triple down to really drive the requirement that the hyperscale and the big infrastructure player need that.  So I think this is going to be driving a lot of new innovation in semiconductor side and we are learning and we are trying to be the trusted partner to fulfill some of this requirement and that's why I mentioned earlier that design activity increased a lot and we are excited about it and it's just a beginning of it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Thanks very much.
Lip-Bu Tan : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jason Celino : Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just two from me today. The first one, with your Q4 pipeline for your hardware business, you talked about more modest growth this year following a tough comp from last year. But if the pipeline holds, could we see some upside to that modest growth commentary that you've provided previously?
John Wall: Yes, Jason, It's kind of hard to move the needle in one quarter. I mean if you look over the total year, we are expecting kind of low to mid-single-digits growth for Functional Verification for the year. Although if you do look over like the trailing four quarters to the end of Q3, I think Functional Verification is up kind of high-single-digits. But the challenge this year has been tough comps and like we said, we enter into Q4 optimistic with a strong pipeline.
Jason Celino : Okay, great, thanks. And my next question has to do with your System Analysis business. So you announced the electromagnetic solver in April timeframe and then you came out with your second solver, the thermal solver in September. I am not necessarily looking for specific timing, but can you just remind us what other solvers we could expect?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yes. So, I think this is just our initial entry to the System Analysis using our core competence on computational software and stay tuned. I mean, we are just beginning. We have first product came out in April as you correctly point out with good traction. And now the second product came out. People love the performance. They are excited about it.  We are continuing to investing and it’s high-end also very well with our PCB business and that the whole system modeling system simulation will be a really exciting area for us. So stay tuned and we will update you when we announce any new products.
Jason Celino : Okay, thanks Lip-Bu. That's all from me. Thank you.
John Wall: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joshua Tilton with Berenberg. Your line is open
Joshua Tilton : Yes, hi, thanks for taking my questions. It appears as if the drivers of design starts today addresses a broader set of companies relative to previous drivers such as maybe mobile. I am just curious how does having a broader set of addressable companies benefit pricing?
John Wall: So, yes, having a broader set of companies benefits us, because Cadence revenue growth generally tracks design starts, but the more design starts are there the better it is for Cadence business.
Lip-Bu Tan : Yes. So, I think we like to broaden the customer and applications, so that we can really find new opportunity and new solution to support them either in the automotive or 5G or AI and Cloud, or huge opportunity in industrial IoT and providing the solution for the system infrastructure player. And so that we can broaden the customer requirement and that greater diversity to our customers is always good.
Joshua Tilton : Okay that makes sense. And then, just as a follow-up. In the prepared remarks, you mentioned customers were adopting a full digital flow. It was my understanding that companies tend to build their flow using products from both you and other competitors. So are we just starting to see customers standardizing as well from one vendor?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yes. So, I think you know when you move down the geometry to seven to five to three, try to integrate different products, different tools from different customers, that mean that you have to build an internal team to do all the integration and also you have a lot of opportunity to fail, because the different tools will have different methodology.  And so, the customers are starting to really focus on getting a full flow the best – I think it's very important, our focus first of all, is to have the best-of-breed to each product line like the Innovus we mentioned earlier for place and route. Right now, it’s a majority, over 70% of the customer are adopting it in the most advanced nodes.  And then now we have the Genus come out very strong and then Tempus come out and Pegasus. The customers are starting to see that not only the best-of-breed of product and also how to integrate them, how to optimize them and correlations among all the different flow that we have been talking up our last few years.  And so right now we can not only at the best-of-breed for each product, now we can integrate and that's why you're starting to hear that we mentioned a lot about digital full flow that our customers depend completely on us on the most advanced node in the seven and five and three and that's the way we are going to continue to support the customer.
Joshua Tilton : Thank you. Those are helpful.
Operator: Our last question comes from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Krish Sankar : Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my question. Lip-Bu, I had two of them. One is, you guys are definitely getting a good traction with your hyperscale customers. I am kind of curious as your hyperscale customers build their own silicon. How are their requirements for EDA different than the traditional semiconductor customers? Do they see one way toward IP blocks or whatever it is? Any color on that would be helpful. And then I have a follow-up.
Lip-Bu Tan : Okay. Clearly, we are excited about the hyperscale players. They are going to be very important for our industry, because they are quietly building up. As I mentioned earlier, their workload requirement have changed. And it's more about data and then so that domain-specific processing development and also in the server into the data storage network, scale out going to be even more and more important for them.  And great partners for us and great customer and we love them. And then, first of all, they are bit different on our semiconductor players. Time to market is more important to them and also performance scalability is most important to them. And that part, I think we worked very from the early days. We are already working on partner with them.  And we are also very excited about the cloud infrastructure that we also support the cloud infrastructure using some of our tool to do that and we continue the leadership on that. So I think in multiples, expect we are working with our partners in the cloud, and we're excited about the opportunity.
Krish Sankar : Okay. That's very helpful, Lip-Bu. And then a follow up for either you or John. Is there a way you can size the hardware market this year? How big is it? And this is that the different segments like FPGA apps, how big are they? Any color that would be helpful.
John Wall: Yes, I don't have any breakdown in terms of the market data that I can share with you today, but we are very, very happy with how our year is going and with the strong pipeline that we have leading into Q4.
Krish Sankar : That’s it. Thanks, John. Thanks Lip-Bu
Lip-Bu Tan : Thank you.
John Wall: Thanks.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back to Lip-Bu for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan : Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Next phase of our strategy, Intelligent System Design brings new opportunities in Design Excellence, System Innovation and Pervasive Intelligence and an expanded total addressable market. We are capitalizing on multiple technology trends and further proliferating our solutions with a broader base of customers.  And in closing, I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, the Board of Directors and our hardworking employees for their continued support.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. This concludes today’s call and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Erica and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Erica, and I would like to welcome everyone to our second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. I am joined today by Lip-Bu Tan, CEO; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and CFO. The webcast of this call is available through our website, cadence.com and will be archived through September 13, 2019. A copy of today’s prepared remarks will also be made available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. Please note that the discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the Company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release that we issued today.  In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results. The reconciliations are available at the Investor Relations section of cadence.com. Copies of today's press release dated July 22, 2019 for the quarter ended July 29 – excuse me June 29, 2019, related financial tables and the CFO Commentary are all available on our website. Now I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Cadence achieved strong operating results for the second quarter of 2019, delivering 12% year-over-year revenue growth on broad-based strength across our product line. Based on the strength of our business, we are raising our outlook for the year. John will provide more details shortly. While there is a ongoing global economic and geopolitical uncertainty, we remain confident about the multiple long-term trends that continue to drive strong design activity driven by strength at – driven by trend, such as Artificial Intelligence or AI, 5G, autonomous driving and IoT, design activity is being fueled by workload-specific computing, system companies building custom silicon, new silicon startups and digital transformation of industries such as automotive, aerospace, medical and other industrial applications. Our Intelligent System Design strategy will enable us to provide more capabilities and value to our customers, while also expanding our current total addressable market from about $10 billion to estimate $30 billion over the next five years. The foundation of the strategy is design excellence, which is comprised of our core EDA and IP business. In addition, we are building upon our core competency in computational software to expand into two new areas.  The first one is system innovation where we are expanding into new system domains with products like Clarity, our new 3D EM Solver that was launched last quarter. Clarity has received considerable customer interest with numerous evaluations underway.  And second new area is Pervasive Intelligence where we are beginning to apply AI and our algorithmic knowledge to our core business and specific verticals.  Now let us turn to our quarterly highlights for our core business. Our innovation engine continued to deliver as we introduced four significant new products in the quarter. We grew revenue in Digital and Signoff by double-digit year-over-year through both ongoing proliferation with market-shaping customers and adoption by new customers at advanced nodes.  Samsung Austin R&D Center, a leader in high performance design has selected Cadence Digital Implementation Solution for a next-generation, high-end mobile CPU core design. Cadence state-of-art Innovus-based flow delivered the best quality of results for that design enables Samsung Austin R&D Center to meet its advanced process node objectives.  Innovium, a leader provider of innovative datacenter switching solutions adopted Innovus for its highly scalable TERALYNX Ethernet switch design. There were more than 40 tapeouts at seven nanometer and below using our full digital flow in the first half of 2019. And Innovus, our Digital Implementation Solution has over 18 active customers for seven nanometer and below designs including ten at five nanometer.  Next I want to discuss highlights of our system design and verification solutions for which revenue grew 7% year-over-year. Our hardware-assisted verification products, which are an integrated part of our verification suite had an another good quarter with the addition of Protium S1, we also provide comprehensive solutions across IP and SOC verification, hardware, software regressions, system validation and earlier software developments.  Palladium Z1, our flagship emulation platform, added six new customers and had nine repeat orders. Habana Labs, a leading AI processor startup say that Palladium was instrumental for the development of Gaudi, the industry’s first AI training processor that natively integrate Ethernet and RDMA and for their GOYA Inferencing Chip.  Fungible, a data-centric computing use a combination of Palladium Z1 and Protium S1 systems in the development of the DPU family of products. The DPU is a new type of microprocessor that will revolutionize the performance, reliability and economics of datacenter at all scales.  We introduced the Protium S1, enterprise prototyping platform which is the first datacenter optimized FPGA based prototyping system and provides multi megahertz speed for billion-gate designs accelerating earlier software development and hardware software convergence.  Customer reception of Protium S1 has been very positive with earlier adoption from some market-shaping customers including NVidia. Protium S1 and X1 also added three new customers and received seven repeat orders.  We also delivered the smart JasperGold Formal Verification Platform that delivers an average of 2X faster proofs out of the box and 5X faster regression runs by leveraging new machine learning enable smart proof technology.  STMicro has been able to significantly boost its verification productivity with Smart JasperGold. Custom Analog grew a strong 11% year-over-year.  In the quarter, we introduced an important new product, Spectre X Simulator, which is next-generation massively parallel circuit simulator design to provide up to 10x performance gains while solving 5x larger designs and while maintaining the golden accuracy, customer expect from 25 years of Spectre industry leadership in analog, mix signal and RF applications. Spectre X was endorsed by MediaTek, Mellanox, Renasas, and Silicon Works.  Now let me make a few comments on the geopolitical situation. We have and will continue to comply with the United States Department of Commerce Export Control Regulations. The situation is fluid and we will continue to closely monitoring it.  While there is an ongoing uncertainty, thanks to our strategy, continued innovation and operational execution. We are well positioned to capture growth opportunities arise from the longer-term trends driving strong design activity.  While we do not provide details about any specific customer, I do want to emphasize that we have a very broad diversified and global customer base.  With that, I would now turn the call over to John to review the financial results and provide our updated outlook. 
John Wall: Thanks Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. I am pleased with our Q2 results for Q2 and our updated outlook for fiscal 2019. Q2 was a little unusual due to the export limitations that were imposed during the quarter. The export limitations that took effect on May 16 and June 24 in respect to certain customers remain in place today.  We are aware that this is a very fluid situation. So for the purpose of providing guidance for the second half of 2019, we have assumed that these current export limitations remain in effect for the remainder of the year.  Now let me walk you through the key results for Q2 beginning with the P&L. Total revenue was $580 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 33.6%. GAAP EPS was $0.38, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.57. Next, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, at the end of the quarter, cash totaled $633 million while the principal value of debt outstanding was $350 million. Operating cash flow for Q2 was $246 million. DSOs were 38 days. And during Q2, we repurchased $75 million of Cadence shares. Now, I will provide our updated guidance. For Q3, we expect the following results: Revenue in the range of $570 to $580 million; non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 30%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.32 to $0.34; and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $.050 to $.052. Our updated guidance for fiscal 2019 is now as follows: Revenue in the range of $2.315 billion to $2.335 billion; non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 31% to 32%; GAAP EPS in the range of $1.44 to $1.50; non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.11 to $2.17; operating cash flow in the range of $680 million to $720 million; and for the year, we continue to expect to use approximately 50% of free cash flow to repurchase Cadence stock.  You will find guidance for additional items, as well as further analysis in the CFO Commentary available on our website. In summary, I’m pleased with our execution so far this year. We are living in uncertain times and I am proud of how we are adapting to a fluid environment. Our improved outlook speaks to the diversification of our customer base, the underlying strength of demand for our technology and solutions and the continued focus of our employees throughout the company on achieving our key financial metrics.  I would like to thank our customers, partners and of course our employees. We look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the second half of 2019. And with that, operator, we’ll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. 
Tom Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. I was wondering if there is any way you could do more of a quantification of the impacts from the different exports controls in China right now, kind of the relative size of that or the impact of earnings are? Maybe anything you can give would be great. 
John Wall: So, Tom, we wanted to provide clarity in relation to second half guidance and expectations without speculating on what may or may not happen with regard to current export limitations. While we don’t provide details on what that speculation might be, we do want to emphasize that we have a very broad diversified and global customer base. 
Tom Diffely: Okay. So is there a way to size it in case it does come back to give us a sense of what the upside potential could be to your guidance?
John Wall : It’s very hard to say. We don’t want to speculate. 
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then moving on, maybe you could talk about the margins in the quarter versus the guided margins about 10% lower. Is it just mix or is more going on there?
John Wall : Yes, certainly, Q2 was – there was more profitable mix in revenue. We were happy with the performance in Functional Verification. We continue to expect modest growth for 2019 and even considering the impact of those export limitations. We expect gross margins of course like Q2 was a little unusual to the export limitations.  We’d expect the gross margins for the second half to return to more typical levels. We are investing in opportunities to expand our business with market-shaping customers and investing in TAM expansion opportunities. So that's why the op margin is, for the second half is forecasted at approximately 30%.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then finally, when you look at the growth in Intelligent System Design over the next several years, does that meaningfully change the model for either a margin or cost structure point of view versus Traditional EDA?
John Wall : Well, we are not guiding out beyond 2019, everything we know is included in our guidance for 2019. We take a longer term view over things again with a focus on any one quarter, I tend to – like compare current results against our current midpoint of guidance against 2016, and I think I would expect the model to be pretty consistent.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 
John Pitzer : Yes, good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking the question. John, just a follow-up on the gross margin. I want to make sure I understand what was unusual about the June quarter? I thought I heard you say from the last question, it had to do with the export tariffs, but then you are saying that the gross margin to return back to normal in the back half of the year despite the fact that it looks like you are still excluding some business related to the tariff issues. 
John Wall: Well, Q2 was a little unusual in that the export limitations took effect on May 16 and again on June 24 in respect to certain customers and like you say those remain in place today. And then, I mean, we had a few things in terms of hardware results, hardware results were more profitable than we expected. Services, revenue was a little bit more profitable than we expected.  And just generally like that wouldn’t – it was great it was a profitable quarter for Q2. But I wouldn’t extrapolate that into any kind of future guidance that we expect non-GAAP gross margin to return to more typical levels in the second half of the year. 
John Pitzer : That’s helpful and maybe as kind of a follow-up for Lip-Bu. Clearly, China is going to continue to be a long-term strategic customer for you. I am just kind of curious, given the heightened tension, U.S. China trade, is there any concern that we should have that China might try to do EDA on their own or are there barriers to entry to that business just so high it would be difficult for them to kind of generate domestic sources for what you provided. Any sort of longer term and that would be very helpful.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So I think, clearly to have a number of China-based EDA companies offering field point tool solutions. And clear we are not going to speculate in the broader hypothesis, but clearly we focus to be the best partner for our customer and include China. 
John Pitzer : Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Mobley: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Can you hear me alright? 
John Wall: Yes.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes.
Gary Mobley: All right. Good. John, I want to ask you a question about your fiscal year 2020 outlook. I know you are not going to say anything with respect to revenue growth or margins or anything at all relating to 2020. But as you enter your budget meeting, whatever that is, are you still going to use the guiding principle of the rule of 40 in terms of looking at the revenue growth – some of the revenue growth in operating margin? 
John Wall: Yes, Gary. Certainly, I mean, the model we have we expect to apply consistently and we report you is being something we’ve looked at across the different business groups. But with that, we're guiding for 2019 and we are not guiding beyond.
Gary Mobley: Understood. Understood. And with respect to your market-shaping customer, I presume that you are still in the investment mode with this customer. Is it fair to assume that you haven’t recognized any revenue from the relationship at this point? And if that's the case when would you expect you to bring the product to full fruition and be able to recognize revenue?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so I think, Gary, we mentioned quite a few market-shaping customers. That’s a quite few important one, the leader in the industry. And I think I assume that you refer to the marquee U.S. semiconductor company.  Clearly, we have a breakthrough and wide-ranging win with this U.S. based semiconductor company while we have a breakthrough and wide-ranging win. We are in the early stage of partnership while very heavily engaging with them across the product line, the breadth of our engagement. So we are excited about it. But we continue to stay on close and focused. 
Gary Mobley: Okay. Thank you for taking the questions.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks. Good evening. Lip-Bu, let me ask you a competitive question regarding Mentor. That is it’s becoming recently apparent that since the acquisition two-and-a-half years ago, they’ve been doing quite well with news well beyond what they last reported in 2016 and particularly in the areas for which they were always the market leader including verification, TSP and it looks most recently also in hardware.  The question is, have you encountered that before? And have you had to make competitive adjustments, let’s say, to the fact that Mentor is in fact doing so much better than they were pre-acquisition? And then couple of follow-ups.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Jay, first of all, we respect Mentor tremendously and right now part of Siemens is a very big $100 billion company. So we don’t take them lightly and meanwhile we respect them and a lot and then clearly, there are some products that are competing with us. I think you mentioned earlier the hardware verification emulation side and of course their caliber products. So, I think clearly, we continue to respect them, but we are effectively competing with them and so we treat them that business as usual. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: All right. And you’ve grown your headcount pretty substantially year-to-date and also in Q1 could you talk specific about how well you’ve been able to bring on applications to engineers. We’ve talked about this that for I believe the last year going back to this product, you’ve had a significant increase to open REX, your AEs particularly domestically.  And we are now looking for AEs well beyond the number of good items - Mentor were looking for. So, I imagine you’ve been able to onboard some, but can you talk about how you are doing in terms of bringing those kinds of people on. And then, lastly for John, you’ve talked about last number of years about deal quality, price optimization and so forth.  When you think about your base of customer contracts in cohort terms or aging of the cohort of the contracts, how do you think you’ve done so far in terms of optimizing to the base of contracts or how much is left to be done in terms of outstanding contracts at renewal you can optimize?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so, Jay, let me answer the first question and then John will answer the second question. So on the headcount, and we pretty much – that is pretty much on plan in terms of how we are going to bring on board in terms of the talent and also the AE and the engineering talent we continue to bring in and John and I we are very thoughtfully trying to bring in the talent with our executive team to really drive our focus on customer success.  And so, clearly, now we have a lot of multiple market-shaping customers we are proliferating and we need to have AEs to support the customer success. And that’s something that we are very focused on that. In terms of the AE resources increase, clearly not just domestically, also internationally to support our customer.  So I think all in all, I think it’s pretty much on plan and we continue to drive that and as we always say, only when we see the green light from the customer in terms of commitment, in terms of proliferation with us, then we add the AE and engineering talent to support it.
John Wall: Yes, and Jay, in respect to your questions about deal quality and optimizing pricing, I mean, we are very disciplined and value-driven and we believe the best way to derive value for our products is to collaborate DPU customers and deliver innovative and clearly differentiated solutions.  And as Lip-Bu highlighted, we are investing in opportunities to expand our business with market-shaping customers and we are investing in TAM expansion opportunities, the result from our intelligence system design strategy. I mean, in the end, it’s all about innovation which means attracting, retaining and incentivizing top talents. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. 
Sterling Auty : Yes. Thanks. Hi guys. I want to start off by circling back to the export control, the quantification. I understand you don’t want to speculate on what might come back in, but is there a way to look backwards and just give us some quantification of how much contribution we got from these customers in the past?
John Wall: I guess, Sterling, I mean.. 
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me start first, I think, John.
John Wall: Yes, go ahead.
Lip-Bu Tan: First of all, I think, Sterling, we clearly complying the regulation and limit some of our relationship with some of the – any customer that maybe on that entity list and clearly we read all the product portfolio to determine which are the products and related support subject to the limitations.  So I think this is something that we really focus on what are the maintenance and support we can provide and we wanted the best customer and we want to do the best we can. But meanwhile, very important is to comply with the regulation.
John Wall: Yes, we are not going to speculate on if and when either the regulations may change, our ability to service those customers under the existing regulations may change. That’s our allocated guidance for fiscal 2019 assumes no change either positive or negative to current export limitations. But we would want to highlight that and emphasize that we have very broad diversified and global customer base. 
Sterling Auty : Okay. And then on the margin guidance for the back half the year, you talked about the gross margins, but is there anything out that would kind of dictate why the operating margin would be – I mean the startup in operating margins should stand kind of down for the third quarter or even the second half since the beginning and usually that’s kind of counterintuitive when we think about when you cycle rolls-off and some other timing of investments we’ve usually thought about you guys like most enterprise software is being more profitable in the back half than the front half.  So, just looking at the margin guide for next quarter. Other than gross margins, is there anything else that we can look to describe why the operating margins will be down sequentially?
John Wall: Of course, Sterling, yes. And like you say, I’d like to point out most of that’s expectation of a reversion to me and kind of for the gross margins. But on the op margin side, we are investing in opportunities with market-shaping customers and in our TAM expansion opportunities.  We also have the annual pay increases for employees are effective in July here at Cadence. So, that kicks in for the second half of the year. And that’s what’s taken us to an expectation of 30% for the second half. 
Sterling Auty : It’s perfect. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. 
Rich Valera : Thank you. Lip-Bu, you referenced geopolitical tension in your prepared remarks which I think most would agree has increased probably over the last quarter or so. And notwithstanding the fact that your business remains obviously very healthy. Have you seen any change in any customer buying patterns your demand due to this increased tension already any perhaps unexpected customer attrition?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so far, now we don’t see that. But clearly, process for long, and then clearly we'll see some impact. But clearly, right now, so far we don’t see any impacts. And then we have a very broad based customer, as John mentioned, and we are happy in serving those customers. 
Rich Valera : Got it. And then, so custom analog was particularly strong this quarter, I think 11% was the growth rate that you provided. Is there anything you can point to sort of justify why that was I think sort of above trend and should we think of this as somewhat anomalous? Or do we think that this business might be growing at a faster rate than it has historically?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, we are very delighted with that 11% growth with the big base we have. And then clearly, it reflects our – the leading products that we have and the tools that we have and the customer really is calling on us to delivering the design. And then meanwhile, a lot of applications that I mentioned earlier in the 5G and some of the IoT and autonomous driving and they are all mixed signal.  And so, that is really a strong combination of our strength in the analog and now a very strong portfolio that we have in digital and then make it very compelling to grow that the mix signal RF area. 
John Wall: And there is always, we’d encourage you not to focus on any one quarter, but you kind of have to look at the results over a longer period. And then certainly I wouldn’t focus on – if you are picking one quarter, I wouldn’t extrapolate Q2 given the unusual nature of the impact of export limitations imposed during the quarter. 
Rich Valera : Got it. And then, just a follow-up on the Q2 gross margins. Just a little confused, it sounds like you are suggesting that the export limitations bumped up the gross margins and just trying to understand why that would be? Did you ship less hardware than you expected to and that helped your mix or just if there is any color you could provide on why the export restrictions would actually help gross margins?
John Wall: Certainly, it’s not just export restrictions. Essentially, it’s a combination of events in the quarter. Like you say, the quarter was a little bit unusual in that respect. But hardware is a little bit more profitable than we originally anticipated. Services revenue was a little bit more profitable than we originally anticipated. And then just Q2 was unusual in itself given the export limitations imposed during the quarter.  That’s what I am saying I wouldn’t focus on – I wouldn’t focus on extrapolating Q2, but it’s focus on any one quarter, but you look at the year really. 
Rich Valera : Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. 
Mitchell Steves : Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. So, if I look at your China revenue growth, you guys are up 20%, 21% sequentially. And then in your prepared remarks, you don't really say that you couldn't ship. So when you say that there is a anomaly in Q2, was that a actual negative in the quarter or did it not actually impact the revenue volume?
John Wall: So, China is up, yes of course, yes. Yes, China was up, it was up – it was 12% of our revenue in Q2 in comparison to 10% in Q1. But of course that’s down from 13% in Q4. And the nature of hardware and IP is a bit lumpy in nature anyway. But like I say, we wouldn’t read into any one quarter. But, yes, our forecast for the second half of the year assumes that the export limitations that are in place today remain in effect for the rest of the year. 
Mitchell Steves : Sure, yes. It’s just to clarify that. So I realize that you are assuming a neutral environment as of today, but it was a negative for Q2 results?
John Wall: Yes, I think our results would have been higher if there were no limitations. 
Mitchell Steves : Okay. Perfect. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from Gal Munda with Berenberg Capital.
Gal Munda : Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just to follow-up on that China argument. So it’s up to 12% of our revenue today versus a year ago, 8%, it was kind of trending between 8% and 10% except for the Q4 which probably was hardware heavy.  Can you just talk a bit more about the overall growth? Is it the big players that are driving it or is it a lot of the smaller players that are basically trying to ramp up their semi space? Where are you seeing demand there if we kind of ignore the trade restrictions for a particular customer for now?
John Wall: Sure. Like you say, I mean, our China revenue mix over the past five quarters has ranged below 8% in Q2, 18% to high of 13% in Q4 2018. Well, I am not inclined to attribute motivation. Our China business has been strong over the past several quarters, but for now our ability to deliver products and services to certain customers that are on the BIS entity list is limited. So we’d expect the percentage of revenue in China to be lower for the second half of fiscal 2019 than the first half. 
Gal Munda : Okay. That makes sense. Thank you. And then, just as a follow-up, if I think about, without thinking about a particular number, but just for margin outlook in the future, recently we've had this bump in gross margin helping and the mix helping.  But going forward, would you expect the gross margin to start contributing to the operating margin improvement as well, or do you think it’s mostly based on the continued operating leverage, the business you are thinking about?
John Wall: Yes, I would expect non-GAAP gross margin to return to more typical levels in the second half of the year. And then the reason we expect operating margins to be 30% is because we are investing in new employees as we invest in opportunities to expand our business with market-shaping customers and the TAM expansion opportunities we have and also because the annual pay increases for employees were effective in July.  That’s impacting our Q3 and Q4 op margins. But I wouldn’t – I expect gross margin to return to more typical levels in the second half of the year.
Gal Munda : John, if you look maybe a year or two ahead and now asking for the guidance we are just kind of try and analyze, is there a potential in gross margins that contributes to operating margin improvement in the future? Is it mostly going to be from operating leverage?
John Wall: Again, everything we know is in our guidance for 2019 and we are not guiding beyond 2019. 
Gal Munda : Okay. Thank you. Thanks guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: Hey guys. Can you hear me okay?
John Wall: Yes.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Thank you.
Jason Celino: Yes. Just a quick one from me. So, I appreciate your comments around kind of investing in your market-shaping customers and your TAM expansion opportunities. But as you think about these investments, over the next second half and longer term, is there one area that you feel is going to be more investments near term and then one area assuming more investments long-term. Or is there going to be kind of equal?
John Wall: We assess that regularly as part of our normal review of annual operating expenses. But and really back to Gary’s comment earlier in terms of rule of 40, our approach is to invest in the areas where we think we have the highest revenue growth. I am not saying 40 is the right number, because actually we're not guiding beyond 2019.  But essentially, the whole premise on the rule of 40 is you add your operating margin to revenue growth. So, basically the – where we have areas of more revenue growth we will invest a little bit heavier there where we have less revenue growth opportunities, we will look for more profitability. 
Jason Celino: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Krish Sankar with Cowen. 
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I have two of them for either Lip-Bu or John. Number one is on your IP business, especially with your hyperscale customers, are you guys doing anymore customized projects or is it all mostly done behind us at this point?  And then the second question is, on the PCB business, have you seen any incremental design activity in PCB over the last few months and if so, do you think is that just a short-term blip? Or do you think there is something else interesting in the horizon longer term on PCB? Thank you. 
Lip-Bu Tan: So, I would add, Krish, let me address these two topics and then John will add some color. First of all, IP and that was a very lumpy business and clearly, if you look at first half it’s a double-digit growth for us and that we like that. And then secondly we just announced our Tensilica Q7.  We are very excited about that whole double vision and then AI performance for automotive AI, VR, mobile and surveillance applications and so we just put a release on that. And we have couple of design wins in the datacenter, mobile and automotive application. And then the other part we like a lot is this 30, high speed 30, 112 gig 30 at 7-nanometer.  And we have very strong customer demand and then we are working very intensely with them. So overall, we like the IP business and we continue to build that as part of our whole – we call it the design excellence in core EDA and IP. That is our strategy.  In terms of the PCB, interconnect side, also very good and a solid business and clearly the whole system interconnect and the system analysis side and we have double-digit growth in that area and so clearly the whole system analysis that will increase in our 4.5 billion TAM market and then our Clarity to 3D Solver, very well received by customers. We have numerous evaluations and a strong customer engagement and interest.  So, all in all, I think we are pretty solid on that. 
John Wall: And I would just add that, IP as Lip-Bu says, it can be lumpy in any single quarter. But looking at the first half of IP, we had double-digit growth there and we are happy with that. But – and with regard to system interconnect, it was a strong quarter for our PCB IC packaging and security analysis products and again, as Lip-Bu said, we had double-digit growth there. So, we are very pleased with the results there. 
Krish Sankar: Okay. Thanks, Lip-Bu. Thanks, John. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
John Wall: Thanks. 
Operator: If there are no further questions at this time, Mr. Lip-Bu your closing remarks please.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Next phase of our strategy intelligence system design brings new opportunities in the design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence and an expand the total addressable market. Of course, Cadence was complying with all export regulation and will continue to access and adapt to the situation.  In summary, we are capitalizing on the multiple technology waves and further proliferating our solutions with a broader base of our customers. In closing, I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and our hard working employees for their continued support. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Chanelle and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Chanelle. And I would like to welcome everyone to our first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. I am joined by Lip-Bu Tan, CEO; and John Wall, Senior VP and CFO. The webcast of this call is available through our website, cadence.com and will be archived through June 14, 2019. A copy of today’s prepared remarks will also be made available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. Please note that today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the Company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release we issued today. And by the way, we just filed our first quarter Q a few minutes ago. So, it's now available. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results. The reconciliations are available at the Investor Relations section of cadence.com. Copies of today's press release dated April 22, 2019 for the quarter ended March 30, 2019, related financial tables and the CFO Commentary are also available on our website. And now, I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Cadence achieved excellent operating results for the first quarter of 2019, delivering 11% year-over-year revenue growth and 32% non-GAAP operating margin with broad-based strength across our product line. As a result, we are increasing our outlook for the year, and John will provide more details shortly. While there is some uncertainty in the overall macro environment, we are confident about the multiple trends that are continuing to drive strong design activity. In addition to technology trends, like AI and 5G, design activity is being fueled by workload specific computing, system companies building custom silicon, new silicon startups and digital transformation of industries such as automotive, aerospace, medical and other industrial applications. Our business is mission critical to silicon development, which is cornerstone of our design activity. As we have stated, our system design enablement or SDE strategy drives growth in our core EDA and IP business, broadens our reach in system companies and targeted verticals, and guides our expansion into newer adjacent areas. We executed well on this strategy. And today I want to highlight its next phase, which we’re calling Intelligent System Design. The foundation of this strategy continues to be delivering design excellence via our core EDA and IP business. In addition, we are building upon our core competency in computational software to expand into two new areas, system innovation where we are expanding into new system domains; and pervasive intelligence where we will apply AI and our algorithm knowhow to our core business and specific verticals. Our Intelligent System Design strategy will enable us to provide more capabilities and value to our customers, while also expanding our current total addressable market from about $10 billion to estimated $30 billion over the next five years. To highlight some of this -- some of our recent activities in the system innovation space, in Q1 we announced a strategic partnership with Green Hills Software, which opens new opportunities in the estimated more than $3 billion embedded system, safety and security space. And earlier this month, we entered the system analysis market an estimated $4.5 billion total addressable market opportunity by introducing our first product Clarity3D Solver, a next generation solution for electromagnetic field simulation. Clarity is a true 3D Solver, which delivers up to 10x faster simulation performance while virtually unlimited capacity without compromising accuracy. Clarity uses state of the art distributed multiprocessing technology, making it uniquely optimized for the cloud and on-premise distributed computing, and has been endorsed by Teradyne, and HiSilicon. Turning to our core business. Our digital input -- Digital and Signoff business achieved 12% year-over-year revenue growth, driven by strong adoption by new customers, and proliferation by existing customers at advanced nodes. To date, more than 100 7-nanometer designs have taped-out using our digital solutions, and multiple 5-nanometer designs are underway using our solutions as well. Our hardware-assisted verification products, an important part of our verification suite, had another good quarter. Palladium Z1, our flagship emulation platform, added two new customers that are doing machine learning designs including SambaNova Systems. We also had 13 repeat orders, including three significant expansions, one of which was at Annapurna Labs, an Amazon Company. Our Protium S1 prototyping platform which enables early software development, also added two new customers, and received seven repeat orders. Palladium Cloud continued its steady momentum, and now has more than 10 customers, several of which have made repeat orders. Our IP business also showed double digit growth year-over-year. Tensilica continued to win sockets for machine learning, vision and audio applications in the automotive, consumer and surveillance segments, adding eight new customers in the quarter. In the design IP space, our new 112 gig long-reach SerDes IP was adopted by a marquee semiconductor company, and we launched the industry’s first complete silicon-proven LPDDR5 solution. As I said earlier, our strategy broadens our reach in system companies and targeted verticals. One of our most successful targeted verticals is aerospace and defense, where we recently announced that we are working with Northrop Grumman, where our EDA, IP solutions have supported a shortened product development cycle and advanced node tape-outs. Lastly, I want to highlight the new Cadence CloudBurst Platform, the latest addition to our Cloud portfolio which extends our cloud leadership in EDA and provides customers with very compelling productivity, flexibility and scalability benefits. CloudBurst enables hybrid cloud environments and is ideal for serving peak demand. It provides fast and easy access to pre-installed Cadence design tools in either AWS or Azure cloud environments. It was used by Barefoot Networks to achieve a 10x productivity improvement running Cadence Tempus Timing Signoff Solution on their 7-nanometer networking chips. With that I will now turn the call over to John to review the financial results and provide our updated outlook.
John Wall: Thanks Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. Cadence achieved broad-based growth across all lines of our business during Q1 with demand for hardware and IP exceeding our original expectations. Revenue, operating margin and cash from operations were all strong in Q1, and as hardware and IP have become a larger part of our overall business, our recurring revenue mix percentage is now in the high 80s. Now let’s go through the key results for the first quarter starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $577 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 32%. GAAP EPS was $0.43, and  Non-GAAP EPS was $0.54. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. At quarter-end, cash totaled $539 million while the principal value of debt outstanding was $400 million. Operating cash flow for Q1 was $185 million. DSOs were 42 days. And during Q1, we repurchased $81 million of Cadence shares. Now, I will provide our updated guidance. For Q2, we expect the following results: Revenue in the range of $575 to $585 million; non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 31% to 32%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.34 to $0.36; and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $.052 to $.054. Our updated guidance for fiscal 2019 is follows: Revenue in the range of $2.305 billion to $2.335 billion; non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 31%; GAAP EPS in the range of $1.39 to $1.47; non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.04 to $2.12; operating cash flow in the range of $665 million to $705 million; and for the year, we expect to use approximately 50% of free cash flow to repurchase Cadence stock. You will find guidance for additional items as well as further analysis in the CFO Commentary available on our website. In summary, I’m pleased with our performance in Q1. We achieved strong operating results, highlighted by o 11% year-over-year revenue growth, 32% operating margin on a non-GAAP basis, and the generation of $185 million of operating cash in the quarter. And looking at our revised outlook for the year, I’m pleased to see improvements in operating income consistently flowing through to cash as illustrated by the increase in our operating cash flow guidance for the year. We’d like to thank our customers, partners and of course our employees, for a solid start to 2019 and we look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. And with that, operator, we’ll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Rich Valera of Needham & Company.
Rich Valera: [Technical difficulty] comments on your foray into the system analysis market. And obviously you started there with I guess, an electromagnetic-based solver. But there are obviously many solvers that you could potentially roll out there to have a complete portfolio for that market. So, just wondering how aggressively you plan to go after that market. Will you go after the mechanical and static side of it, as well as sort of the more electronic-centric solvers? Just any sort of sense of your real aspirations in that market? Thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Rich, Lip-Bu here. And we did not hear the first portion of your question, but I guess it’s about the 3D Solver that we announced. And we're delighted. And this first product, clarify (sic) [Clarity] is a truly 3D Solver and is a next generation solution that is for the electromagnetic field simulations. And this is our first entry to the system analysis. And clearly, we have other product we’re in the working on development. We're excited because couple of things. One, clearly, we look at our core competency that we have in the computational software, and that's what our EDA background from, and then also our 3D, some of our packaging technology that we have. That combination that gives us a very unique opportunity to really drive in the next generation disruptive; that's why we can claim up to 10 times the performance. And this is very cloud enabled, and then so that we can really provide a truly next generation, uniquely optimized for cloud and on-premise distributed computing, and so that we have something unique to offer. And stay tuned, and we're going to have more products coming up. This is our first entry to the system analysis market.
Rich Valera: Great. Thank you for that. And if I could just circle back to your last earnings call where you referenced a major win with a marquee semiconductor customer, you mentioned that you were pretty aggressively ramping up your AE hiring to support this customer. So, given that you've kind of given us some hint on the expense side for that customer, is there anything you’re willing to say about your revenue expectations, like when you might expect to generate incremental revenue from this customer, whether it’d be this year, next year or any color at all you could give on that? Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think, we're excited about this marquee U.S. semiconductor company. As I mentioned at the last earnings call, it’s a breakthrough and wide-ranging win. And we are very excited; it’s the early days of partnering with this customer to expand the breadth of our engagement. It’s across all our different tools. And we are excited about it. And clearly, everything we know is already built into our guidance for the year. But overall, clearly to support a very important customer we have to build out our AE and R&D support and to really proliferate across requirements.
Operator: The next question comes from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Lip-Bu, maybe first to you. In your prepared comments you did talk about some pockets of uncertainty out there in the environment which makes sense, given what some of your traditional semi customers were putting up. I'm just kind of curious, to the extent that you guys continue to do better than expected in beat-and-raise, what do you think it is about your business that's allowing you to buck these trend? Is this just your ability to address nontraditional customers? Is it the new large win that's offsetting this? Maybe you can just help us give us a sense as to why you seem to be bucking some of the uncertainty trends out there?
Lip-Bu Tan: John, it's a very good question. So, let me just talk about this uncertainty. I think, we all know from the marketplace, geopolitical and also some of the slowdown in some segments of the industry like automotive and others. But, we're excited on couple of drivers, and especially AI, and then 5G and autonomous driving, and also the industrial edge, that’s something that I'm very passionate about. And because we are moving into, I call it, big data environment, it's all about data and the data analytics. So, in a way, it’s driving a lot of new requirements for the semiconductor. So, one, I mentioned about the workload specific or you call it domain specific process computing, general purpose CPU, GPU, that's a good place for them. But right now, the workloads have changed. So the -- we call it a workload specific, more application related. And that’s also driving not just a computing and also the -- clearly a lot of more exciting about the memory, there's some new innovation on memory; there's a new innovation of storage. And some of you have heard about it, NVME controller, the disaggregation of the storage, and because the massive, massive data that you need to be -- disaggregate the storage and network. And then also the other part is the high speed connectivity that able to scale and the connectivity speeds that’s required in the hyperscale. So, all this is going to be driving a very strong design activity, and we are in the middle of it. We are well positioned to capture that. And that's why I think the -- from our point of view, the design activity is increased substantially. We are excited about to supporting some of our customers to really embark on some of these opportunities.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then, John, just maybe as a follow-up on the op margin guidance, both for the fiscal second quarter and the full fiscal year. It’s a slight downtick from what you just put up in the fiscal first quarter. Is that nothing more than the expense of onboarding the new large North American customer? Can you talk about some of the other points and takes that might have op margins going down throughout the fiscal year on what's going to be rising revenue?
John Wall: Sure, John, great question. I mean, for the year, looking at the year, our annual merit increase is going to effect in July. So that impacts the second half of the year. And of course, over the course of the year, we're investing in R&D and field resources to support proliferation of our solutions with market shaping customers. And I say customers plural, it's not all for one, one customer.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Steves of RBC Capital Markets.
Mitch Steves: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I have two. So, the first one is kind of on the operating margin long-term target. I know you guys historically talked to 30%. But you guys are above that for three quarters in a row. And I'm wondering if you guys may provide sort of high level commentary on where you think that could go in three to five years? And then, secondly, I noticed in your prepared commentary you guys are now breaking out China as separate geography. And it seems like the numbers there have a lot more volatility. I mean, there used to be kind of 8% of revenue but then it was 13%; in December, now it’s back down to 10%. So, maybe you could talk about a little bit why you guys are disclosing China now as a separate geography.
John Wall: Hi, Mitch. I'll take the second part of that question first, if you don't mind. I mean, in terms of calling out China separately, yes, you'll see that in revenue by geography table in the CFO Commentary and in our 10-Q. Generally, any lumpiness in the percentage of revenue is probably caused by our IP and hardware businesses. That will -- our IP and hardware revenue is generally more lumpy than the than the rest of our business. And in relation to your first question, we're not really ready to put out long-term targets right now. We're always looking at how to improve operating performance. And you mentioned, like over the next three years -- why we're not getting gains over the next three years. If you take a look over a longer time period and compare our current guidance for 2019, let's say our 2016 results, you've got a perspective on we’ve been able to scale the business in recent years.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Just to add to what John is talking about on the China side. If you look at historical 2016, above 8%; and then, 2017, about 9%; and last year is about under 10% and this year is 10%. So overall, we have done well in China. And clearly, China is very committed to build the domestic semiconductor industry. And they're making great progress. And we are well positioned to support not just China, I mean globally in Asia and other places. And we want to be the trusted partner for them.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Lip-Bu, a technology question first for you regarding what you called now, your Intelligent System Design strategy. And the question is, over the last number of years, perhaps the most important thing you've done, particularly in digital, is to pursue your parallel architecture with a common data model across the portfolio, and that's obviously helped you on the digital tool side. The question is, with respect to the new Intelligent System Design target, how extensible or leverageable is that platform or architecture the last number of years for that new strategy or is there some additional rework or new technology you have to insert into the portfolio to pursue that. And in any case in the meantime, what additional opportunity do you have to further integrate the tools? For example, you’ve read some work you’re doing to better integrate Innovus and Genus, is that something you could containment on as well?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Good question, Jay. Let me try to answer your questions. So, I think that intelligence system design, it breaks down into three pieces. One is the design excellence, and that is our core EDA and IP. So, we’re very laser-focused, make sure that our foundations are solid, we're the best of tool in every category, and that's what we inspire to do. And so that we're delighted on the digital and signoff sector we grew in the last quarter 12%. Clearly, we're continuing to succeed in the new customers and then right now in some of the proliferation on some of current customer in the most advance node, in the seven to five, we're moving on, 3 nanometer. And so I think we're excited about continuing to drive that. And then, we move on to that system innovation that is moving to the system domains. And as I mentioned earlier, really using our -- and we went to a soul searching, we found that in our core competency and the computational software, and then the digital implementation that we have, and it can be scale into the system level. And that's why we're excited. So, I think to embark on that into this, I call it, the first mover, is basically is the embedded the system, safety and security space with Green Hills; we're very delighted in that strategic partnership with that. So, that we're starting to move into that space, and that’s about $3 billion market that we're excited about. Then, next thing that we’re looking at is the whole system we call it the analysis space and that’s about $4.5 billion and it's about time to have some innovation solution to able to provide -- provide cloud enabled and scalable and using our strength to apply, because if you recall, we also had the PCB business and also the 3D technology, so that we can really apply that into this 3D Solver, and that is as a beginning on the EM electro-magnetic field simulations area. And stay tuned, we have continued the development and investing in this space and it’s a big market, $4.5 billion and customers love it. And so far the initial feedback from our potential customers, and we highlight too that I endorse our approach and then see the benefit of the performance and we’re excited about it. And then, finally, we are going to use that to the pervasive intelligence using the AI and machine learning, and basically, we're going to apply into, we call it, the inside and outside. Inside, basically using AI, machine learning to drive performance improvement, productivity, and performance improvement across all our product lines in terms of EDA tools. And we already see significant improvement on that. And then, finally, we’re also working with our leading customer, and using AI to optimize the flow and methodology, so that the customer can really drive the performance and machine learning, deep learning, and other applications. And that's kind of our approach.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Lastly, geographically. There's been some interesting trends in Japan, which for years, as you know, was quite weak and lost share in terms of total EDA. But for you, you've now seen a few quarters in a row of sequential improvement in Japan and year-over-year improvement in Japan on both the quarterly and trailing 12 basis. The question therefore is, are you beginning to redirect or grow your investments in Japan and sustain that growth either with sales or AE or anything else?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Good question. I think, Japan is important market for us. A couple areas Japan is very strong, and I’ll just name a few. Now, automotive, they are very, very strong. And also, I mentioned earlier the edge industrial IoT, the microcontroller. And there's a lot of controller collecting data, and then, couple of key prayer in Japan that we're very excited to team up with them. And also, the whole video surveillance, consumer related areas, and that AI machine learning can really play a role in it. And so, I think, this is a very important market, and then they are recovering very nicely. And then, right now, we’re engaging heavily with a couple of key customer that we want to be that trusted partner going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sterling Auty of JP Morgan.
Jackson Ader: Hey, guys. This is Jackson Ader on for Sterling tonight. Couple of questions from our side. The first would be, so looking at the outperformance here in the quarter, it seems like it's coming from the two areas that you called out, IP and hardware, which are typically the two more volatile areas for revenue. So, what is giving you the confidence then to raise the full year guide above just this quarter's upside? Is there something in time-based licenses that came in ahead of what you thought or is the pipeline building better than what you thought?
Lip-Bu Tan: I think, Jackson, let me start first, and then, John fill in. First of all, I kind of highlighted that it's a very broad-based strength across our product lines. And even though, we highlight the hardware, we highlight the IP, we also highlight the digital growth 112%. And then the other part is also very exciting for us is the custom and system connect areas and also the nice growth above 8%. And then we are excited about -- that is why we’re investing in this whole system analysis is part of this analog custom interconnect system level. And that area has been doing well. And so, I think overall, I want to say that it’s across the board and then also some of the new -- newly developed products and that we already built into our guidance for the year.
John Wall: Yes, we had very pleasing Q1 performance for IP, but of course IP is lumpy and probably benefits against the better compare against Q1 2018. On the hardware side, if you recall, our functional verification revenue grew in the high-teens in 2018. And the last time we spoke to you, we were expecting functional verification revenue in 2019 to be approximately flat year-over-year. With Q1 behind us and with better visibility into the hardware pipeline, we are now expecting modest growth in our functional verification segments, despite the difficult compare. We saw a pickup in demand in Q1 for our hardware products and we expect that to continue into Q2.
Jackson Ader: Okay, great. That's helpful. Follow-up question is kind of a two-parter. So, the first being, you've mentioned, Lip-Bu, the $30 billion TAM over the next few years, right, and expansion from the 10 billion that you've seen kind of in the past. What would you say you currently I guess address of the incremental 20? And then, secondly, obviously part of this is going to be the Clarity 3D Solver that was announced a couple of weeks ago. What do you see as the main or who I guess, would you see as the main competitors for this Clarity 3D Solver? Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good question. And we're excited about this TAM expansion. That's one of the very important focus for Cadence. And so, that's why we have this strategy on the -- we call it the Intelligent System Design. And, first of all, I think clearly, our foundation continued to grow in terms of design excellent, all our EDA tools continue to drive the growth with semiconductor company and also system company to drive differentiation. And then second part, we’re starting to address -- begin to address is that system innovation. And so, clearly, the opportunity in front of us is this whole embedded system, safety and security, our partnership with Green Hills is a very important part of our strategy. And then, now, we're starting to move into the system analysis space, and the embedded space, about 3 billion and then market analysis is above -- clearly is -- system analysis about 4.5 billion. And so, I think overall, we continue to matching forward, stay tuned, and we're going to be -- over time, we're going to be -- highlight for you some of the success we have. And then clearly, on the competition side, on the system analysis, there are couple of them, I think are quite well known that have some more legacy solutions. And the customers over time require increase on the system complexity, and also ship less approach and doing more simulation, and then larger design and that will require solution that needs more capacity and also higher performance. And that will play into our strength in terms of algorithm, expertise and method distributing multi-processing capability. And so, I think those are the things that really we find a unique opportunity or unique qualification we have to play in this market.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Jason Celino of KeyBanc.
Jason Celino: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions. Can you hear me all right? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, very well.
Jason Celino: Yes. So, good raise to the full. First half of 2019 guidance assumes kind of 11.7% growth, and then decelerates kind of to the 6.7% for the second half. I appreciate your comments on kind of the updated hardware outlook. But, how conservative is guidance still for 2019?
John Wall: Hi, Jason. This is John. Everything we know is in our guidance. You're right, the first half does look kind of flat compared to the second half. And that's mainly because of functional verification, which includes both software and hardware products. But, that's quite lumpy, and our visibility into demand for Q2 looks good. Q4 is a very tough comparable.
Jason Celino: Okay. And then as far as IP revenue for the quarter, I mean, you guys did post strong quarter. I mean, how should we think about IP as a whole growth wise for the full-year?
John Wall: We're very pleased with our IP results in Q1. But IP in Q1 benefits from a relatively easy compare versus Q1 2018. We're not guiding the individual product groups, but we're very pleased with our with our IP results for the first quarter.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, a couple of things we’re kind of positive about is a Tensilica, the proliferation adoption for the machine learning, vision, audio, and also automotive consumer surveillance. We added 8 new customers. On the design IP side, clearly, we have the 112 gig long reach SerDes IP, and this is a must have for the hyperscale infrastructure. And we are just at the beginning of it and we are delighted, marquee semiconductor companies adopt it, and more to come and stay tuned, and we'll have more updates for you.
Operator: Your last question comes from Gal Munda of Berenberg.
Gal Munda: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question. The first one is just, John maybe to clarify in terms of the guidance, one thing that has kind of changed is the recognized revenue that’s kind of estimated come over time, that ratable revenue is saying that it’s the new guidance, it’s 85% to 90% versus previous around 90% is the main delta in the hardware products, it's a way that you’ve seen Q2 demand kind of turn out. Is that the reasons perhaps?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Gal. Our upfront revenue comes predominantly from two main sources, IP and the hardware part of our functional verification group. The expectation for better functional verification growth leads directly to that revision of our outlook for the recurring revenue mix. We're now expecting high-80s for 2019.
Gal Munda: And then, the second question is just linked to your cloud offering. And in the past, your customers kind of liked to mix and match different parts of the processes. And when you move to the cloud, especially when you start doing design in the cloud, my question is, can tools still be matched as easily as previously requirements? And if not, does that mean that potentially tools can be more sticky or do you not expect any change into workflows, the way they're being managed in terms of vendors side?
John Wall: So Cadence Cloud does not change our business model, it just offers our customers another way to optimize their investment in Cadence tools. We're not really expecting any difference in how our customers use our tools.
Lip-Bu Tan: And in some way, we try to drive the performance and productivity for our customers by moving to the cloud, so that you can address the peak load and you can parallel the distributor to the unlimited server that the cloud infrastructure provides and that is tremendous value to our customers.
Gal Munda: And just as a follow-up on that. Would you say that when you are seeing the adoption of the cloud in the future, would you expect majority of it coming for adverse capacity, like you mentioned from existing customers that potentially will invest less in their own infrastructure, or do you think that the new customer, the system companies or even the startups will account for a larger portion of that adoption in the future?
Lip-Bu Tan: It really depends on the customers. And they can use hybrid, using the on-premise, and address peak load with the cloud or they want to from scratch, some of the startup, they want to be all cloud, we are also open to that. So I think there are a lot of different models. And we basically want to make it available to our customer, whatever they chose and make sure that is secure and make sure can drive performance and productivity for them and that is our main driver for using the cloud and then basically we are supporting them and they have option either customer managed, using the Cadence managed or Palladium Cloud.
Operator: We will now turn the call over to Lip-Bu Tan, for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. In summary, our business is mission critical to silicon development, which is the cornerstone of all design activity. Through our strategy, we are capitalizing on multiple technology waves and further proliferating our solutions with a broader base of customers. Next phase of our strategy, Intelligent System Design, brings new opportunities in the design excellence, system innovation and pervasive intelligence, and an expanded total addressable market. In closing, I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and our hardworking employees for their continued support.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Gigi and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Gigi and I would like to welcome everyone to our fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. I am joined today by Lip-Bu Tan, CEO and John Wall, Senior Vice President and CFO. The webcast of this call is available through our website, www.cadence.com and will be archived through March 15, 2019. A copy of today’s prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. Please note that today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company’s future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release we issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results. The reconciliations are available at the Investor Relations section of cadence.com. Copies of today’s press release dated February 19, 2019 for the quarter ended December 29, 2018 related financial tables and the CFO commentary are also available on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. We are pleased to report that cadence achieved excellent operating result for 2018 delivering 10% year-over-year revenue growth and 30% non-GAAP operating margin with broad base strength across product lines. While the overall macro environment remain mixed, we remain confident in the technology trends including AI machine learning, cloud data center and 5G that continue to drive strong design activity. Our system design enablement strategy is to continue growing our core EDA and IP business broaden our reach in system companies and targeted verticals and importantly, expand into newer adjacent areas. I'm delighted to report that we have continued to make significant progress in all these areas. We achieved strong growth across our product lines in our cloud business, which included a breakthrough wide ranging when with a marquee US semiconductor company. In Q4, we expanded our relationship with Samsung through their broader adoption of our digital, custom and verification products. We expanded our long-term partnership with Analog Devices for the development of mixed signal solutions for IoT, automotive, medical and industrial applications, including the adoption of several of our new digital and verification products. We made good progress in vertical segments such as the datacenter cloud, automotive and particularly in aerospace and defense. We have won business with some of the top companies in this space including GE Aviation and BAE Systems and we finished the year with major core EDA and IP contract with a major aerospace and defense contractor. Earlier in the year, we won a significant research contract with DARPA and have made very good progress developing advance machine learning technologies to enhance automation and productivity. And as we look at expanding beyond EDA, I'm very excited about our new strategic partnership with the Green Hills Software. Cadence invested about 150 million in Green Hills, representing an ownership interest of approximately 16%. Our investment is important because safety and security are some of the greatest concerns in the increasingly hyper connected world, especially in the critical industries, such as aerospace and defense, automotive and medical. Green Hills is the leading player in the embedded safety and social security software space with its INTEGRITY-178B real-time operating system having been certified to EAL6+, the highest Common Criteria security level achieved for an operating system. Green Hills products are broadly deployed across multiple application domains, particularly in aerospace and defense, with customers including with customers including Boeing and Lockheed Martin, and in automotive, with many top OEM and Tier 1 customers including Toyota and Ford. We expect to leverage the strength of both companies to drive embedded system, soft security and safety, open up new market opportunities and accelerate growth for both companies. I will now reveal other highlights for Q4 and 2018 beginning with functional verification, which remains the fastest growing challenge for our customers. Cadence verification suite had a good 2018 with revenue growth in the high teens led by strong demand for Palladium Z1. Palladium Z1 won 22 new customers during the year with significant expansions at similar existing customers and Protium, our FPGA-Based Prototyping solution also grew steadily. Growing adoption of our Xcelium simulator was highlighted by several market shipping customers expanding the commitment to our technology during the year. The IP outsourcing trend continued and strong execution of our refined IP strategy deliver double digit growth for our IP business in 2018. Tensilica had a good year with strong loyalty growth and we maintain our lead in audio applications with growing adoption in vision and key wins in automotive surveillance and augmented reality applications. We have engaged with several customers for our new Tensilica DNA hundred processor, which is ideal for embedded influencing applications and will be generally available to customers in the first half of the year. For the cloud datacenter market, earlier in the year we announced the first DDR5 test chip and in Q4 we began selling our new 112 gig long-reach SerDes IP in 7-nanometer technology. On digital and Signoff, we are particularly pleased with the growing proliferation of our solutions at the most advanced notes with market shipping customers. We grew our relationship with MediaTek to include the food digital flow from Synthesis through Signoff Customers tape out more than 80 7-nanometer designs in 2018 using our digital solutions and we had 23 full flow wins. We're actively engaged with very early adopted customers on the 5-nanometer design and we delivered two 3-nanometer test chips in 2018. On the custom analog front, we have growing adoption of both our Virtuoso RF and photonic solutions. And one of the very last remaining large customers that was not using our flagship Virtuoso layout solutions committed to adopting it. Last June, we introduced Cadence Cloud in collaboration with major cloud industry players, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud. We are pleased with the adoption momentum as we continue to lead the industry transition to the cloud. Now, before turning it over to John, let me quickly summarize my comments. Continued execution of our system design enablement strategy led to a broad strength across our product lines and particularly in aerospace and defense verticals. I'm very excited about our new strategic partnership with Green Hills Software, the leader in embedded safety and security software. And it was a good year for our Verification Suite products and as well as our IP business. With that, I will now turn the call over to John to review the financial results and provide our outlook.
John Wall : Thanks, Lip-Bu and good afternoon everyone. Cadence exceeded all of its key operating metrics and delivered strong financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018. Before we get into Q4 results, let me remind you that Cadence adopted the new revenue accounting standard known as ASC 606 for fiscal 2018. The numbers I present today for our fourth quarter and 2018 are based on these new rules unless otherwise stated. 2018 was our transition year to ASC 606 and to provide a more direct comparison against our 2017 results. We show our quarterly and annual results under both sets of rules for 2018. Now let's go through the key results for the fourth quarter and the year starting with the P&L. As reported, total revenue was $570 million for the quarter and $2.138 billion for the year. Q4 and 2018 both benefited from the shift and timing of revenue recognized on some hardware systems that we previously expected to deliver in 2019. As a result, non-GAAP operating margin was just over 31% for the fourth quarter and just over 30% for the year. GAAP EPS $0.35 for the quarter and $1.23 for the year and non-GAAP EPS was $0.52 for the quarter and $1.87 for the year. For the old rules which can be directly compared to 2017, total revenue for the fourth quarter was $579 million and $2.146 billion for the year and also benefited from the earlier than expected delivery of hardware systems in q4 2018. As a result, non-GAAP operating margin was just over 30% for both Q4 and the year. GAAP EPS was $0.36 for the quarter and $1.25 for the year. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.51 for the quarter and $1.88 for the year. The recurring revenue mix for the full year was approximately 90%. The mix for Q4 was approximately 85%, slightly lower than usual due to the extra hardware systems delivered in Q4. Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, cash totaled $533 million at year end. Toward the end of December we drew down $100 million on our revolving credit facility to fund the investment in Green Hills Software. As a result, debt outstanding at quarter end was $450 million. Operating cash flow in Q4 was $132 million and $605 million for the full year. DSOs were 48 days; under the old rules DSOs were 46 days. Our DSO target for 2019 remains 45 days. And during Q4 we were repurchased $100 million of Cadence shares. Now for our guidance, note that we have completed the transition to the new revenue accounting rules. So going forward, all numbers will be reported on an ASC 606 basis. For fiscal 2019, we expect revenue in the range of $2.27 billion to $2.31 billion representing growth of approximately 7% at the midpoint compared to 2018. We expect non-GAAP operating margin of 30% to 31%, GAAP EPS in the range of $1.33 to $1.43, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.97 to $2 .07. We expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $640 million to $690 million. And we expect to use approximately 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase Cadence common stock during 2019. For Q1, we expect revenue in the range of $565 million to $575 million, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 30%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.36 to $0.38 non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.48 to $0.50. You will find guidance for additional items as well as further analysis in the CFO commentary available on our website. In conclusion, I'm pleased with our execution, financial performance and progress across all of our businesses. Our investments are paying off in our system design enablement strategy is driving results and creating value for customers and shareholders. And with that operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Pitzer : Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Congratulations on the solid results. John, I just want to go through the gross margin for December and then how we should think about it in March. For the December quarter, was that all just the impact of having higher hardware sales or was there anything else going on in there? And as you look at the mix towards the March quarter, I know you gave us up margin guidance. But how do we think about gross margin sequentially in the March.
John Wall : Yeah, John, gross margins consistently being like 90% or 91% every quarter and it dropped to 88% for Q4. That was entirely due to the shift in Palladium Z1 hardware shipments that shifted from 2019 into 2018. For Q1 and for 2019, we expect to go back to normal.
John Pitzer : That's helpful and then the maybe I can ask you the question. You guys continue to put up solid results. And I think one of the strengths of your model and the EDA industry is just the lack of volatility despite some of the volatility that your customers are enjoying – are going through right now. If you look at the guidance for growth for this fiscal year of about 7% year-over-year, how do you think that's being impacted by the macro, by some of the uncertainties in China? What could it be if you think some of these had in the – kind of resolve themselves and what end markets that you participate in you think will be most impacted by the macro backdrop right now?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yeah, thanks John, for the questions. And clearly in our we have less volatility because we are very focused on the design front end of the development and even though the environment kind of mix, but we remain confident that some of this AI machine learning, cloud datacenter, 5G, autonomous driving they are driving a very strong design activity and especially we are very focused on the market shipping customer and then also in other SD strategy that we put in place that provide not only the opportunity into the system and the vertical markets that we serve and that opened up a tremendous opportunity for us so that we can drive better success and engaging with our leading customer. And in terms of the end market impact clearly Asia Pacific is a very good opportunity and good growth for us. We can continue to benefit that and so some of these challenges that we see, we are much more in the design front end, so we don't see some of these manufacturing impact some other company will have.
John Wall : And John, it's John Wall here. You'll see some revenue mix by geography information on page four of our CFO commentary. On that you'll see that Asia ticked up to 28% for 2018. Of that 28%, just under 10% of that was from China. I know you asked that in the last call.
John Pitzer : Perfect, thanks guys. Congratulations.
John Wall : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Mitch Steves : Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. I just really had two. The first one is actually just focusing on the hardware, so obviously you guys gave out a very, very good full year guide, but what is embedded in terms of hardware assumptions there, not looking for exact numbers, but I mean it's been kind of three or four years in this cycle now and so what's kind of the expectation that business relative to the rest of the core EDA?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yeah, so let me get started first. And clearly the function verification is very challenging for our customers I mentioned and we will be providing the Cadence Verification Suite and that providing a very nice platform for our customer, providing the whole Verification Suite not just the hardware and also the Xcelium, the Jasper, the VIP, so the whole package cannot be very compelling for customer. And on the hardware side, we have a great 2018 and we won 22 new customers. The demand is very strong for my existing customer to increase the capacity and for the advanced note design customer just love that scale and more predictable and find a box earlier and that's critical for the design.
John Wall : And Mitch, in relation to your question with regard to what's included in guidance for 2019, I mean, 2018 was a very strong year for functional verification. And of course, it benefited from that shift of hardware revenue that we were originally expecting to deliver in 2019 and we delivered it in 2018. So that's going to make 2019 and tough compare for functional verification.
Mitch Steves : Got it and then secondly, in terms of the margins here, I mean, you guys have been above 30% now twice in a row. I guess, you've had a longer term target of being around this range. So I mean, is that essentially coming up now, if you guys get a higher revenue base, let's say three or four years out?
John Wall : Yes, Mitch, we're very pleased with our results for 2018 and feel very confident and happy with our guidance for 2019. Naturally, there was an operating margin impact of that shift in hardware revenue from 2019 to 2018 on both years, but we're very pleased with the progression we're making.
Mitch Steves : Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rich Valera from Needham & Company. Your line is now open.
Rich Valera : Thank you. My understanding Lip, we've seen really good demand in the AI and I think autonomous and electrified vehicle areas. Both of those areas have had a lot of startups that have emerged over the last few years. I'm just wondering with some of the market turmoil and weaker demand, particularly in China, have you seen any of those startups experience stress or potential attrition in the current environment.
Lip-Bu Tan : Yeah, so I think, Rich it's a good question. AI machine learning is very dear to my heart, because I think we're moving into this data driven economy and it's very broad application to medical, to the datacenter, to the intelligent energy management and across the auto vertical and so the impact is significant. And we're addressing not just for the startups, I think startup I think you saw some of them raise a lot of money, the Graph Call, Habana Lab and many others and so I think they'll continue to do well. We haven't seen any shake up yet because application market is so big. And now on the other hand, some of the high – the very big company that in the hyper scale player and also some of the system player, they are deploying massively into the AI machine learning R&D deployment, we are delighted to support them with our tool in IP and clearly we have a lot to offer. Besides our tool, EDA tool we actually apply the AI machine learning into our tool we see significant improvement on that and customer love it and encouraging us continue to put dough on it. And then the other part is clearly our Tensilica turned out to be a very, very important for the embedded influence applications and also for the augmented reality applications. So the DNA 100 have been very well received. We are excited about it. So I think overall stay tuned, I think this AI machine learning impact is going to new compute in not only the training and also the in front side.
Rich Valera : Got it and then maybe this is for you John. I wonder if you could give us the growth rates for the functional verification and IP segments in 4Q and then if you'd be willing to say with respect to 2019 where you'd expect them to grow relative to the 7% that you put out a sort of the corporate bogey.
John Wall : Sure Rich, yeah, I mean for – let me see, for functional verification it was high teens that for – actually high teens for functional verification and mid to high teens for IP for the year in 2018. Let me see for the – and then in relation to next year. I think the key thing to point out here is that we've pretty much an inline quarter for Q4 with the addition of that hardware shift that came out of '19 into '18. So therefore for '19, I think the knock on impact there is, we think it's a tough compare for functional verification. But we think the rest of the businesses should all perform strongly to get us to average at 7%.
Rich Valera : Got it, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tom Diffely from D.A. Davidson. Your line is now open.
Tom Diffely: Yeah good afternoon, so first quick question for John, when I look at the guidance, the non-GAAP guidance, it looks like there's an unusually high impact from taxes going from GAAP to non-GAAP, curious what was behind that?
John Wall : I'll have to get back to you on that Tom.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Alright and then maybe look through – it sounds like you had some nice wins in the aerospace defense market. Yeah, how big is that market for your core products and what is it behind your products or what enabled you to gain some share in that space?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yeah, so I think clearly we're excited. And aerospace and defense space area, this is a vertical that we're targeted and we don't have a breakdown income of the market potential, but you can see that there's a lot of activity especially in the AI machine learning development that's why we're excited about our contract with DARPA and also we have a couple of really significant customer, they are working with us and we mentioned couple of them that we have successful and also we signed a very big major aerospace and defense contractor with four significant EDA and IP contract. So I think overall we're excited about this vertical, we kind of focus on three verticals cloud datacenter, automotive and aerospace and defense and so this is the one that we have a very good 2018.
John Wall : And Tom just come back to you on the difference between GAAP and non-GAAP tax impact, it may need to do with share based compensation, but with the share price doing so well this year we picked up a lot of share based comp expense that we could use in our tax return, but that's not in our non-GAAP results but it's in our GAAP results.
Tom Diffely: Okay that's helpful and finally when you look at the Green Hills acquisition and sounds like their additional focus is on the Aerospace Defense market as well it sounds like it's your belief that with this technology kind of developed for this really security critical space that you're moving over into the cloud into other automotive sectors is where regional goes eventually.
Lip-Bu Tan : Yeah, Tom, I think first of all, this is not an acquisition and this is a strategic investment that we make, 150 million investments for 16% of the company and I would join the board and I think, this is something that we're very excited. First of all, it ties in very well with system design and implement strategy and that we try to expand beyond our core business. This embedded software is the nearest adjacency and this is the next level up to the system spec being closed tight to the underwriting hardware and this is now exploring the new opportunity for us. That's about 3 billion estimate, 3 billion embedded system safety and security. And with this hyper connected world, the safety and security become a critical challenge for many of the industry expertise a critical industry like the aerospace, automotive, industrial and medical, they are very well positioned as I mentioned in my script that they have been certified at the highest e EAL6+ security level and so we are very excited. This will open up a lot of doors for us in terms of combining Green Hill and Cadence expertise and that providing that very unique differentiating value to our customers and shareholders.
Tom Diffely: Okay, that's helpful. Appreciate it. Thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Lip-Bu, could you talk about the evolution of your mix of semiconductor and systems customers over the last couple of years, and perhaps more importantly, talk about any discernible differences in how you serve those customers or how they behave as customers in terms of buying patterns, what they select in terms of their tool mix one versus the other. We also noticed that over the last year, you have been significantly increasing your opening for AEs, which is post case in AE – in EDA, but especially so for you over the last year, would that for instance be largely connected to your systems business particularly domestically or is that a broader requirement for AEs globally, then I had a follow up?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yeah. Thanks so much Jay for the two very important questions. So first question you have about the semiconductor to the system, company and even service provider, the differences of supporting them. Clearly they are all demanding customer, we love them and in terms of system companies they are some differences. They are looking at the total performance power envelope and the system modeling and requirement and we are very well positioned for providing that beside the EDA tool, we also have packaging, PC board layout and system modeling and system simulation that is really, really compelling for them to come to us. And then the other part we're also understanding their requirement better in terms of how to serve them and support them and they are very much – time to market is more important to them and then we're able to meet their schedule, meet their timetable and then deliver the product. From the system level they are more comprehensive and that they are satisfying the requirement that is critically important to them. And then also as you can tell, many of our service providers they're also building up their silicon and the subsystem ASIC model to meet their requirement and we are excited about doing that. So I think what overall, we – both semiconductor and system side we're doing very well. The semiconductor side I highlighted couple of them, Samsung, clearly broader adoption of our tool, MediaTek adopting our full digital flow from Synthesis to Signoff and of course we are very, very excited about our marquee semiconductor US company and that explain to you why we have increased of the wreck for the AE because the demand, the requirement to support this, I call it game changing opportunity for us. We had to support them and then in a very timely fashion and we had to meet the requirement on performance and scalability. And that's why we're increasing our AE support that we need to drive the success, yeah.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: As follow up, you mentioned Protium and Xcelium, but could you speak more broadly about the momentum you're seeing with the US and UM portfolios. For instance, Genus, Pegasus Tempus, Voltus, is the momentum seen in digital largely Innovus for PnR or are you in fact seeing a broad adoption of the other newer products in digital that you've introduced over the last few years?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yeah, so I think it's a good question and clearly as we mentioned earlier the hardware emulation and our Protium also it's steadily increasing adoption, we're very pleased with that. In terms of the digital flow, clearly I think you point out our Innovus Place & Route is very successful many leading market shipping customer adopting them and then we also excited about Innovus, for example MediaTek from Synthesis, Genus all the way to Tempus and also same thing with Samsung, broader adoption for our for digital flow and that we are excited about. So I think we kind of want to be the best of tool in every category and besides the Place & Route sometime it takes time to the maturity and now our Synthesis Genus I think will kick off and now our Signoff I think will kick off because it is very critical in terms of production. Signoff is very critical and it will take a little bit longer time, finally, I think we turned the corner. We have 23 full flow win for 2018, stay tuned we are working very hard on 2019. We have more too exciting to share with you as the time count go by.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks very much.
Lip-Bu Tan : Thank you
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Gal Munda from Berenberg Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Gal Munda : I thanks for taking my questions. The first one, I just like to expand a bit on what Jay said and be a bit more specific just in terms of the contribution and the growth of each semi versus systems, how have we seen that developing in 2018 and maybe if you can kind of share maybe John, what proportion of revenue today represents versus maybe last few years?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yeah, I think as I mentioned earlier, both are doing very well for us. The semiconductor side, as you can tell, over time, we will share with you some of the marquee and market shipping customer. They are the leader in their sector and we are winning and we are broadly proliferating in the most advanced notes. And clearly because of the performance, scalability not the PPA and run time and they are very happy to see the performance we have, using the parallelism and also using our AI machine learning approach and now moving to the cloud and that they can see significant improvement and the scalability they look for. On the system and service provider, we are very excited, we have a lot of opportunity in front of us and we are engaging heavily and stay tuned, from time to time we will highlight in our success. Stay tuned.
John Wall: And Gal, the mix of our business that comes from systems companies is approximately 40%. That's been pretty consistent the last two or three years. That's because the system is businesses growing, but so is our semiconductor business.
Gal Munda : That makes sense. Thank you. And then just as a follow up, I'd like to focus a bit on the cloud, obviously it's growing probably very fast you can tell me maybe how fast from a lower base and just like to understand what the base is now and how do you think this opportunity could grow maybe in the midterm, how big the addressable market is. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan : Yeah, we've mentioned earlier last June and in that – on STAC [ph], this is the largest industry conference and exhibition and we launched our Cadence Cloud with three major leaders Amazon, Microsoft and Google. We are excited about that partnership and collaboration. We have adoption momentum and we are very pleased with that. And clearly we're taking the lead in terms of industry transition to the cloud and it's not just for the sake of cloud, it's really focused on driving the performance and the productivity for our customers and we work very closely with our customers, with the selected cloud enabler and then so that we're providing and really focus on driving the performance and productivity of our customers and provide them the security that they can scale within their own organizations.
Gal Munda : Do you have maybe have an idea of what proportion of the workloads could flow in the future kind of move on to the cloud for those customers? Or is that kind of we'll have to wait and see?
Lip-Bu Tan : I think you have to wait and see because it's still early, only last June and we have the growing momentum of adoptions and we want to make sure that we really drive the performance and productivity from the customer. And then clearly the simulation, characteristics, workload is now quite broadly adopted by some of the customer to the cloud. And then the Palladium cloud is also happening. So we're kind of doing tool by tool and then driving the performance and just make sure that our customers see the benefit of having that.
Gal Munda : Thank you so much.
Lip-Bu Tan : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Gary Mobley from Benchmark. Your line is now open.
Gary Mobley : Good afternoon, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question. A couple of questions about your IP business, the first one relates to well, it's just really more of a verification of growth in the IP business that roughly $8 million revenue haircut from ASC 606 was almost all of that in the IP business and hence growth for the IP has been more like 13% versus 12%.
John Wall : So Gary that – the IP business grew 16% in 2018, approximately 16% in 2018 and h in terms of the shift from 605 to 606 that's – the 8 million, the reason that it's – the reason it's 8 million and not 40 million as we thought earlier in the year was because we kind of underestimated our ability to write business under the new rules in a very, very consistent revenue timing way. So we ended up with very much the same revenue timing. So that 8 million difference was kind of spread across all businesses, it wasn't all IP in the end.
Gary Mobley : Okay. Al right, that's helpful. And with respect to the proliferation of open source process for IP, how is it impacting the ability to license the Tensilica course with RISC-V and myths now being open, architected options out there. And how from a strategic standpoint do you guard against or invest in this adoption of open source?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yeah, I think clearly Tensilica is a very strong position in the audio as I mentioned and now moving to vision and also automotive, surveillance and augmented reality, so it really depends on applications. And in some cases, we coexist and in some cases we shine and so clearly we are excited about our IP, it's a double digit growth for us. And then Tensilica DNA 100 is very well received for the embedded processing. And then RISC-V is another architecture and our tool support all the different architecture and so we are coexisting very well, we support them. And IP is – we embrace open source and clearly we support any different architecture and by more really – right now we are moving towards I call it domain specific, workload specific processor and application. And so we open with that. And then also I think the other big opportunity is this high speed connectivity. So the high speed 3000 and 112 gig [ph] at the 7-nanometer for the long-reach that is very well received and in the datacenter and cloud this is a must have and it's a silicon proven we're excited about that opportunity also.
Gary Mobley : Okay, got it. Thank you, guys.
Lip-Bu Tan : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Monika Garg from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Monika Garg : Thanks for taking my question. First, I'm looking for more details on your partners with Green Hills, what are you looking to achieve with the partnership? Could you talk about products what you're looking to develop up with them? And when do you expect to have any contribution from this?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yeah, so Monica, first of all I'm very excited about this I call it the world class for the security and safety embedded system and clearly they have a lot to offer, this real time operating system and also software development tools and middle way and with this very proprietary partitioned [ph] architecture that not protecting hardware [ph] you need to protect in a very highly reliable security and performance and we are excited about it. We take ownership in it. I just joined the board and we are exploring couple of areas of collaborations. First of all is the go-to-market and this is a very good software and then how do we proliferate into some of the different verticals defend and secure – defense and aerospace clearly is their strong hold and then besides that clearly in the automotive and medical and there's many areas that we can explore how to go-to-market. And then secondly, the technology collaborations in terms of clearly we are the industry leader in providing to end-to-end EDA and semiconductor IP solution. They are very strong in embedded safety and security software solution that each one bringing something really unique and we can leverage our respective strengths and collaborate in multiple fronts. In terms of the technology collaborations clearly we can explore collaboration with our Verification Suite, our IP and others so that we can serve our system vertical markets together in a more effective way. And also we can also look at some of the co marketing activity in the future. So all this – we just had this agreement finalized and we have multiple meetings to explore how can we do and how do we prioritize that so that we can really increase the revenue from both companies and I'm excited about it and then the customer that we're exposed to the can't wait to get us together to work on it and for something that we – stay tuned and then we will be reporting as you go.
Monika Garg : And then John, you just posted 10% goal for 2018 but you're guiding 7% midpoint for '19. Are you being conservative? I mean in – even if I adjust for 15 million revenue from emulation from '18 to '19, you're still kind of did like 9% less than '18 and guiding like 7.5 ish percent for '19?
John Wall : Yeah, Monica, I think the thing to remember there is that shift and hardware revenue from 2019 to 2018, while it benefits 2018, has doubled the impact on 2019. Like say, it was an inline quarter with the exception of that. So you're talking about a $20 million shift from 2019 into 2018. It's got like a 1% impact to revenue growth for 2018. So without it, we'd be closer to 9% revenue growth in 2018, but has doubled the impact. It's like a 40 million swing on 2019, 2019 would be 9% revenue growth if that $20 million of hardware revenue had fallen into '19 instead of '18.
Monika Garg : Got it and then if I look generally, CapEx for Cadence has been somewhere around 60 ish million range, but you are guiding to 90 million, nine zero for 2019, kind of any specific hard expenses for '19 you're thinking about?
John Wall : Yes that's correct Monica that were investing in R&D and field engineering resources to support expansion of our footprint and market shipping customers. And that's what you're seeing flow through there on the on the CapEx side.
Monika Garg : Does that – should it normalize back to 60 ish million range by 2010 then?
John Wall : Well, it's hard to say we're not guiding 2020 right now.
Monika Garg : Hardest, then the last one, I mean, we have seen very strong operating margin improvement last two years, almost 400 bps, you are getting 5200 bps for '19. Is that the way to think about longer term margin expansion? Thank you so much.
John Wall : Again, we're not guiding beyond 2019 and everything we know is included in our guidance.
Monika Garg : Go it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Sterling Auty from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Sterling Auty: Yeah, thanks. Hi, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. And just a couple of questions here, one of the questions I still get a lot from investors is helping them understand as they go through the earning season and see the different results whether it be AMD on one end or video on the other end, can you help give a sense as to your exposures across the semi landscape and how they should put that into context?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yeah, Sterling, that's a good question. And again, as I mentioned earlier, is a very mixed environment, clearly we are supporting the customer, clearly that the leader in the industry and so far we are very happy with our engagement with them and they are the leader in the sector. So we kind of highlight to you that is our high priority to support that. In terms of the exposure, I think we're heavily engaging with some of this leading sector, AI machine learning that I mentioned earlier, the cloud datacenter infrastructure that we are very well positioned there and clearly is autonomous driving, the Tier 1 OEM and then also the 5G, some of the leading customer and we are engaging and then renting from cell phone all the way to the infrastructure provider. And so overall I think we're well position, we are very diversified, very broad in terms of our customer base and clearly we're also in a new area that we are excited is the whole SDE, System Design Enablement, thereby increasing our system companies and also some of the vertical market like the Aerospace Defense and then clearly in the automotive side and we have a lot of success there and also clearly one thing that over time we're going to be also expanding is a medical related that's another big area of opportunity for us. So overall, I think we're very broad, we don't expose to any specific sector or specific company and then the design activity remains very strong across semiconductor system and vertical market.
Sterling Auty: Alright, great. The other hot topic in terms of conversations is while Synopsys reported their fourth quarter, they came out gave a three year margin target. I think one of the earlier questions on the call was alluding to it. I just want to hit it head on. You guys were one of the first ones to give a margin target back when you started your subscription transition all the way back in 2008, given the success that you've had and over 30% operating margins as you pointed out, is there a thought and when if you decide to might we expect you to come out and kind of give an update to a new long-term target whether it be three years in the future, five years et cetera?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yeah, Sterling, it's a very good question. If you followed me for the last 10 years, I will continue to guide you at the time that we see it and now if you recall we initially guiding you from a very disaster year 2008 and '09 and then we starting to point to the teen and then point to the mid 20 and then now we are reaching 30 and then stay tuned – and at the right time we will highlight to you where we are going. We're continuing to drive efficiency, R&D, G&A, in every sector and then meanwhile we also continue to invest for the success for the long-term shareholder and clearly you can see that we have been investing in the right place and you can see that our digital implementation side is a lot of success right now. Our custom analog continues to be – had the leadership and we're investing in the future, in the 5-nanometer, 3-nanometre with a leading customer, we move into the cloud and now we're moving to the SD and we also focus on some of the vertical system and service provider and those take investment. And so we continue to drive efficiency and drive success. And then with the AE support, stay tuned, when the right time comes, we will guide you the longer term operating margin that we like to shoot for.
Sterling Auty: Excellent and just one last little housekeeping question for John. The Green Hills investment, I didn't catch. How does this actually get accounted for? What will we actually see in the non-GAAP income statement in terms of where it's accounted? And any just general sense of the revenue run rate at Green Hills at the moment?
John Wall: So Sterling we're not disclosing anything about revenue run rate at Green Hills, they're a private company, but we'll account for the investment in Green Hills using the equity method of accounting. So you'll see our portion of Green Hills results flow through the other income and expense line for GAAP only, so it won't be in our non-GAAP results. Green Hills is profitable, has a broad base of top customers and especially proliferate – and is especially proliferated industries where the highest levels of safety and security are required such as aerospace and defense and automotive. But yes, there'll be nothing in our non-GAAP results. It'll show up in GAAP only on our other income and expense line.
Sterling Auty: Got it, thank you guys.
John Wall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow up question from Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Mitch Steves : Hey, guys, thanks for putting me back in. Just really quickly, one of the other topical items has been the kind of US, China trade dynamics. Have you guys seen any change in terms of your sales there or any sort of I guess different negotiations or is it still essentially business as usual?
Lip-Bu Tan : Yeah. So I think Mitch, good question. We have done well in China and we continue to representing – has continued to representing a growing opportunity. And in China we remain committed to build out on domestic semiconductor industry. And so we are well positioned there. And we are supporting our global customer throughout. And so I think stay tuned, business as usual and we continue to support our customers.
John Wall: And Mitch, we've seen steady growth in revenue in China. If you are referring to page four of our CFO commentary there, you'll see in Asia, Asia drove 24% of our revenue in 2016, 27% in 2017, 28% in 2018, but of that roughly 8% of 2016 revenue is China. 9% of 2017 revenue is China and now it's just under 10% in 2018.
Mitch Steves : Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Lip-Bu Tan, CEO for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing through continuous innovation and execution our system design enablement strategy has positioned us to capitalize on multiple technology wins and further proliferating our solutions with a broader base of customers. We're proud of the innovative and inclusive culture we are building at Cadence. The strength of our culture is highlighted by the recognition we received from Fortune magazine a few days ago, as we're proud that for the fifth year in the row we make the list of Fortune Top 100 best companies to work for. I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and our hardworking employees globally for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. This concludes today’s webcast. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Senior Group Director, Investor Relations Lip-Bu Tan - Chief Executive Officer John Wall - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Gary Mobley - Benchmark Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets Monika Garg - KeyBanc Rich Valera - Needham & Company John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Erica and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Erica and I would like to welcome everyone to our third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. I am joined today by Lip-Bu Tan, CEO and John Wall, Senior Vice President and CFO. The webcast of this call is available through our website, cadence.com and will be archived through December 14, 2018. A copy of today’s prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. Please note that today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company’s future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release we issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results. The reconciliations are available at the Investor Relations section of cadence.com. Copies of today’s press release dated October 22, 2018 for the quarter ended September 29, 2018 related financial tables and the CFO commentary are also available on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I am very pleased to report that broad-based customer demand across our cloud EDA, hardware and IP product lines enable Cadence to achieve excellent operating results and financial performance in the third quarter. We live in data-driven world that is propelled by key technology waves such as cloud datacenter, 5G and machine learning. AI machine learning fueled by big data and sophisticated data analytics algorithm along with the move to domain-specific accelerators is transforming many industries, including transportation, healthcare and manufacturing. All of these lead to increasing demand for high-performance compute, high-speed connectivity and dense storage, which in turn drives strong design activity and broad demand of our innovative system design enablement solutions. Our SDE strategy continues to open up new growth opportunities as we expand our focus beyond semiconductors to systems and customers in newer verticals. As a result of these factors, we are increasing our outlook for the year. John will say more on this in a moment. I will now review the Q3 highlights starting with IP business. Our IP business had a strong quarter with double-digit growth driven by increasing royalties for Tensilica and robust demand for our memory products. Additionally, we launched two important new IP products. First, earlier today, we announced the industry’s first silicon-proven long-reach 112G SerDes IP in 7-nanometer technology. This innovative SerDes technology based on nusemi acquisition is essential to enable next generation cloud connectivity to move to 200 gigabits and beyond in the hyper-scale datacenter. We have been working closely with early adopting customers and are already taking orders as we begin to engage broadly with customers. Along with our leading DDR and PCIe solutions, we now offer the most compelling portfolio of essential IPs for the hyper-scale datacenter. Second, we also significantly enhanced the Tensilica product line with the DNA 100 Processor, which is a deep neural-network accelerator. Its innovative architecture enables the DNA 100 to deliver leading performance and power efficiency, while scaling across a broad range of compute needs. The DNA 100 is ideal for embedded inferencing applications, where latency and lack of connectivity maybe an issue, such as surveillance, drones, AR/VR, and automotive sensor fusion. Next, I will discuss highlights of our System Design and Verification solutions. The Cadence Verification Suite had another strong quarter with year-over-year revenue growth of 9%. Palladium Z1 also had a strong quarter as demand for increasing hardware capacity continues. Two customers significantly expanded their installation of Palladium Z1 and overall we added 5 new logos. Our new Palladium Cloud offering, which provides on-demand cloud-based emulation capacity is ramping up nicely and contributed meaningfully to orders in Q3. Adoption of our Xcelium Simulator continues to grow as we added several new customers, including a large commitment to our technology from a market shaping customer. Digital and Signoff continues to perform well, with revenue up 9% year-over-year. Proliferation of our digital and signoff solutions continue with existing market shaping customers as well as wins with the new customers. We added 19 new logos in Q3 for our digital and signoff products. Customers tape out more than a dozen 7-nanometer designs in Q3 using Innovus. In total, more than 50 customers are using Innovus for implementations at the 7-nanometer node. We are actively engaged with very early adopter customers on their 5-nanometer designs and have started work with partners to get ready for 3-nanometer. We won 4 Partner of the Year awards at the TSMC Open Innovation Platform, including on 5-nanometer design infrastructure collaborations. Last quarter, we introduced Cadence Cloud in collaboration with major cloud industry players, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure. Our offerings have already been deployed in production with customers and interest in using cloud for semiconductor design is growing. We are pleased with the customer reception and have a healthy pipeline of opportunities. In October, Cadence collaborated with TSMC to launch their virtual design environment. Cadence Cloud was certified as a storefront for mutual customers desiring to develop SoCs using TSMC IP in the cloud. The endorsement is further evidence of the growing interest in using the cloud for semiconductor and electronic systems design. Now, before turning it over to John, let me quickly summarize comments. Cadence achieved excellent results through consistent execution of our System Design Enablement strategy across our core EDA, IP and hardware businesses. IP had an excellent quarter and we announced two new exciting IP products. Important market shaping customers expanded their use of both the software and hardware-based products in our Verification Suite. And our digital signoff solutions continue to proliferate with market shaping customers and we are deeply engaged with customers and partners on 5-nanometer and 3-nanometer development. With that, I will now turn the call over to John to review the financial results and provide our updated outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Lip-Bu and good afternoon, everyone. As Lip-Bu said, broad-based customer demand across our major product lines enabled Cadence to achieve excellent operating results and financial performance in the third quarter. I am pleased to report that we exceeded all of our key performance metrics. We expect strong demand and cash flow to continue into the fourth quarter and as a result, we are raising our outlook for fiscal 2018 and increasing stock repurchases to $75 million for the fourth quarter. Before we get into Q3 results, I would like to remind you that Cadence adopted new revenue accounting standard known as ASC Topic 606 for fiscal 2018. These new rules, as we often refer to them, are now GAAP for Cadence. The numbers I present for our third quarter are based on these new rules unless otherwise stated. Please also keep in mind that this is our transition year to the new rules and our results under the new rules are not directly comparable to those of 2017, which we reported under ASC Topic 605 or the old rules. To provide a more direct comparison against our 2017 results, we will show our quarterly results as reported under the old rules for all four quarters of 2018. Now, let’s go through the key results for the third quarter starting with the P&L. As reported, total revenue was $532 million, non-GAAP operating margin was 32%, GAAP EPS was $0.35 and non-GAAP EPS was $0.49. And under the old rules, for direct comparison against Q3 2017, total revenue was $526 million, non-GAAP operating margin was 32%, GAAP EPS was $0.34 and non-GAAP EPS was $0.49. Next, let us turn to the balance sheet and cash flow. Cash and short-term investments totaled $550 million at the end of Q3 with approximately $135 million of that cash here in the U.S. Debt outstanding at quarter end was $350 million. Operating cash flow in Q3 was $110 million. During the quarter, we repurchased $50 million of Cadence shares and paid off our existing $300 million term loan. As reported, DSOs were 42 days. Under the old rules, DSOs were 39 days. Looking ahead, we expect strong demand to continue into the fourth quarter and as a result, we are increasing our outlook for fiscal 2018. For Q4, we expect the following results: revenue in the range of $545 million to $555 million; non-GAAP operating margin of 29% to 30%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.27 to $0.29 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.46 to $0.48. For fiscal 2018, we now expect revenue in the range of $2.113 billion too $2.123 billion, non-GAAP operating margin of 29.5% to 30%, GAAP EPS in the range of $1.15 to $1.17, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.80 to $1.82 and operating cash flow in the range of $550 million to $580 million. Our Q3 results and outlook for the second half are significantly better than we expected this time last quarter. Design activity is healthy and we experienced broad-based customer demand across our core EDA, hardware and IP product lines. Upside in our hardware and IP product lines are the primary contributors to the upside in our revenue guidance for 2018. Some of our customers requested earlier delivery of hardware systems and we saw an uptick in our IP royalty revenue. Our second half also has upside resulting from a number of one-time benefits on the expense side, almost all of which fell into our third quarter. The upside in our expenses for Q3 was primarily due to timing of new hires and one-time credits to professional services expense. For fiscal 2018, we now expect the difference in revenue under the new and old rules to be approximately $12 million, most of which is due to IP. This means that under the old rules, our implied 2018 guidance at the midpoint is now expected to be revenue of approximately $2.13 billion, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 30%, GAAP EPS of approximately $1.18, non-GAAP EPS of approximately $1.85 and operating cash flow in the range of $550 million to $580 million. We expect our operating cash flow to be the same under both the new and old rules. One thing, I would like to point out is that our fourth quarter earnings release will be scheduled for February 19, 2019 due to the additional work required to complete our year-end accounting for the first time under both the new tax law and the new revenue accounting rules. To sum up, I am very pleased with our progress in 2018. It is shaping up to be a great year for Cadence and I would like to thank the entire Cadence team. Their operational discipline and their drive and passion to make our customers successful are truly inspiring and have played a large part in allowing us to raise our guidance throughout the year. On an apples-to-apples basis, we are now expecting annual revenue to increase by more than 9% and on the back of that revenue growth, we now expect non-GAAP operating margin on the basis of the old rules to improve to approximately 30% for the year. And with that operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Gary Mobley from Benchmark.
Gary Mobley: Let me first extend my congratulations to Lip-Bu for your 10-year anniversary.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Gary Mobley: I want to start off by asking a question about Cadence Cloud. Can you give us a sense of what percent of your fourth quarter revenue outlook might be generated from Cadence Cloud and then as well maybe kind of a preview into fiscal year ‘19? And John, last time we had this call and I asked the question you mentioned you don’t expect a material difference in revenue recognition with Cadence Cloud versus traditional customer delivery. Is that still the case?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, I think you have two questions. Let me answer the first one. So first of all, last quarter, we introduced the Cadence Cloud with collaboration with Amazon, Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure and we are very delighted that by now our offerings are already deployed into production by customer interest using the cloud for design is growing. We are very excited about the customer reception and we have a healthy pipeline of opportunities. And I just have to say that we are in the very beginning of the inning for the baseball right now in the World Series now. So, we are still in the beginning of the inning. And then early October, we are delighted to collaborating with TSMC launch their virtual design environment and I should note moving to the cloud, foundry partners is important, so they make sure that their IP are also in the cloud, the TSMC Cloud offering, so that now customer can use that and using our tool in the cloud to developing the SoC, this is very exciting. So overall, we are excited about the opportunity, but we are in the very beginning of the inning.
John Wall: And Gary, just to address your second question, there is no material impact from the Cadence Cloud on Cadence revenue although Cadence Cloud is a valuable addition to our product portfolio for both customers and Cadence. It’s not a material impact to our revenue in Q3 or expected to be a material impact in Q4.
Gary Mobley: Okay. As a follow up question, I wanted to ask about the memory IC industry, I think it’s widely known that we have seen some pretty steep drops in NAND flash pricing and maybe a stagnant DRAM market and I know historically memory has not been a heavy user of EDA tools, but can you give us a sense of what percent of your revenue comes from memory IC companies?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I don’t think we disclosed the memory IC percentage of our revenue, but I think clearly in this data-driven world, it’s all about big data and then also how to do the data analytics beside the compute, because the workload have changed. So, I think this memory and in-circuit memory, some of this application become very critical. So, we have a very strong footprint with the memory IC player and we are delighted to work closely with them for their next generations design and then some of this, I should note that NV, non-volatile memory side is ticking off in the hyperscale side and also all – it’s all about data, I mean, from the IoT to the Edge to the automotive driving, the ADAS and all the different IoT for the industrial 4.0, data become very essential and then how to address the latency and speed of time to get the data and then able to make some intelligent decision, those are critical. So I think there is a lot of disruptive innovation R&D is working on and we are very well-positioned with the memory key players and we are delighted on the tool and the IP front to work closely and close collaborating with them.
Gary Mobley: Okay. That’s it from me. Thanks guys.
John Wall: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets.
Mitch Steves: Hey, guys. Great quarter and thanks for taking my question. I had two. First one is actually kind of on the ASC 606. So I remember at the beginning of the year, you kind of expected like a $40 million impact. Now, it sounds like it’s like a $12 million difference and it seems like the total impact is almost positive for you guys. Maybe you can help us understand what happened there and what changed throughout the year?
John Wall: Yes, so Mitch, this is John. Yes, the difference is down to $12 million and it’s mainly due to how IP revenue is recognized under 605 and 606. Under 606, the new rules, we recorded IP revenues we delivered the IP to the customer. Under 605, the old rules, some IP cannot be recognized until all of the IP committed in the contract are delivered to the customer. As a result, we recorded IP revenue during Q2 and Q3 under the new rules that will show up in Q4 revenue under the old rules. Just for clarity we expect the revenue under the old rules to be $12 million higher than revenue under the new rules, but just wanted to make that clear.
Mitch Steves: Okay, got it. Thank you. And then the second one is actually on the overall macro and we have seen some negative news about semiconductor volumes. And I wanted to see if anything has changed in terms of the R&D you guys are seeing or in terms of the engineering hires you are seeing in the space just broadly from a macro perspective?
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. Mitch, let me answer the questions on the environment. And so clearly, the design activity is quite healthy and basically driven by couple of things that I mentioned earlier, the data-driven and with the big data and the machine learning, deep learning that using the big data and then do the data analytics. And also kind of moving toward this, I call it domain-specific application, that’s very broad application to the very multiple industry from transportation to healthcare, drug discovery, manufacturing and of course the automotive related area. So, I think this all driving more and stronger design activity from the big companies and also the small company from the service provider. They want to optimize and differentiate their service. So, they are starting to quietly building up silicon development. So, we are embracing and partnering, collaborating with them deeply and of course our FTE strategy starting to really play big time in addressing some of this new growth opportunity, so that we can really focus on helping the customer to design that. So, I think overall answer your question, all these are driving the design activity, we see a very nice increase on our collaboration with our customers.
Mitch Steves: Perfect. Thank you.
John Wall: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Monika Garg from KeyBanc.
Monika Garg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. First, if you look you are guiding almost 10% growth on 6 of 5 bases, how to think about growth next year?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. First of all, I think, Monika, as you know that we don’t provide guidance for next year, wait for January and we will provide that. John?
John Wall: Yes. And Monika, I wouldn’t focus too intensely on any one quarter, I mean, revenue growth should be strong in Q4, but in Q3, we had a number of one-time benefits that don’t follow through into Q4. Expenses in Q3 benefited from the timing of new hires and some one-time credits to professional services expense. But that said, I mean, I am very pleased with what we are expecting in non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 29.5% to 30% for this year.
Monika Garg: Then could you maybe talk about how do you see impact of tariffs impacting semi industry and could you see EDA industry, any impact from that?
Lip-Bu Tan: Can you repeat your question again, I missed the first part.
Monika Garg: We are seeing kind of tariffs between U.S., China and other geographies, your comments regarding how could that impact semi industry and in turn could you see any impact on the EDA industry from that?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think it’s a very important topic that tariff landscape is very fluid and very difficult to predict with our guidance is everything we know and also reasonably estimate. Clearly, we watch very carefully. Overall, we have done well in China and then China is a very growing opportunity for us and we have a big team over there to support our customer. At the end of the day, I think we are just really laser focused on supporting our customer globally in their design activity.
Monika Garg: And then just the last one, John operating margins very strong at 30%, close to 30%, where do you think operating margins could be next 2 to 4 years? Thank you.
John Wall: Nice try, Monika, yes, but we are not guiding beyond this year for 2018.
Monika Garg: Thank you so much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Valera from Needham & Company.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Let me add my congratulations for the strong results gentlemen. So I think this question for John around you mentioned you had some one-time benefits and expenses in Q3. And also I think you mentioned early hardware shipments, which may have contributed to the strength in Q3, but I wanted to just say if you look at the year as a whole, including Q3 and Q4, is there anything we should think of as one-time that wouldn’t make for a clean comparison to 2019, even though I know you are not guiding just is there anything we should sort of back out as we are looking at 2019?
John Wall: Yes, good question, Rich. But what I would highlight is that we delivered hardware in Q3 for which we won’t collect payment until the following quarter. And if you have a look at our CFO commentary, we are expecting that to happen again in Q4, but in our CFO commentary, we have called out that we expect DSOs to rise to about 45 days at year end and that’s mainly because some customers have requested delivery of hardware in 2018, for which we don’t expect to get paid until early 2019, but yes, I mean, taking the year as a whole, that’s what I have been trying to point out.
Rich Valera: So if you looked at coming into this year versus last year, because you actually had a really strong, I think bookings hardware quarter in the fourth quarter of last year. Did you have that same effect where you had kind of deferred hardware revenue coming into the year that was recognized early this year and now you kind of have that same impact likely going into ‘19, is that fair?
John Wall: Well, what we saw at the end of last year was an acceleration of hardware bookings into the end of the quarter – at the end of 2017. And like you say, for that contrast with 2018 is this year some customers are requested earlier delivery of hardware in Q4 2018 for which we are not expecting to get paid until Q1 2019, but with all that said, we are not guiding beyond the end of 2018.
Rich Valera: Okay. But you will see some revenue in presumably the first quarter of ‘19 from hardware that you will ship in the fourth quarter of ‘18, is that fair?
John Wall: We trigger revenue on delivery of the hardware. So if we ship hardware in Q4, we will recognize revenue on the hardware in Q4.
Rich Valera: Okay, okay. Thank you for the clarification. Appreciate it. And then Asia-Pac seemed to show up as a notably strong geography in this quarter, is there anything there that we should be aware of is there or is that just kind of noise in the numbers?
John Wall: Yes, I mean, we continue to see strong growth in Asia and for the quarter, the growth, if you look across the business groups, it was mainly in most of the revenue upside for the second half is in Verification and IP and that’s merely because those segments benefit from upfront revenue recognition on delivery of the IP and hardware. We had strength across all product lines.
Rich Valera: Got it. Okay, thanks for taking my question, gentlemen. Appreciate it.
John Wall: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon guys. Thanks for letting me ask some questions. Congratulations for the strong results. John, I apologize if I missed this, but relative to the one-time benefits of OpEx in Q3, did you quantify them across SG&A and R&D? I am trying to figure out relative to your initial guidance of op margins being down over a couple of 100 basis points sequentially, they were up and I am just trying to figure out what drove the difference and how I should think about sequential op margin growth into the fourth quarter?
John Wall: Yes, fair question, John. I mean what can I say that the second half is just really strong for us, that I mean there has been no change in how we do our guidance or anything, it’s just design activity is healthy. But I wouldn’t read too much into any one quarter, even one half, a lot of the things that are going in the right direction for this year, especially in the second half on both the revenue and expense side. We are operating the business for the long-term, Q3 in the second half does include as you said a number of one-time items. But even adjusting for those, I am very pleased with how the second half of the year is playing out.
John Pitzer: So John is it fair to say that ex the adjustments that may be operating margins would have been about half as strong relative to guidance, so if they were 500 basis points above, about half is one-time, half was operational or can you help there?
John Wall: So yes, of course, yes, sorry, John, yes, that’s correct. About half was due to the one-time expense items and half due to the revenue growth.
John Pitzer: Perfect. That’s helpful. And then maybe as a follow-up, just going back to the Cadence Cloud, if you think about the long-term potential for this distribution channel, how big do you think it becomes as a percent of revenue? Is this something that you think your traditional customers exploit or is this really an avenue to kind of grow the customer base of design activity and you talked about rev/rec not being changed by Cadence Cloud, is the dollar of opportunity different between buy versus cloud when you think about project-based revenue?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So let me answer the first question and then John can answer the second question. So on the first question, as I mentioned earlier, this is kind of an early inning, but we are very excited with the customer reception and also we have the healthy pipeline of opportunity and then clearly, our partner with industry leader in the hyperscale cloud have been really very good and we are very happy with the collaborations. And then clearly, if you look at from the design point of view, if you can partition and then over the multiple unlimited server that cloud infrastructure offer, clearly the PPA run-time improvement is substantial and we already see that in benefit on that and the customers see that. And so in some way, we can make the faster and better performance for the customer. And so I think stay tuned, we are going to continue to drive that especially with the TSMC virtual design platform and using our tool and also the IP in the cloud that can be very exciting and we are going to do that also for other foundry partners. So, they make it available to our customers, whichever way they pay on the hyperscale, whichever they pay on the foundry, we will be there to support them and our tool will be optimized for their solution design.
John Wall: And John, to take the second part of your question, Cadence Cloud doesn’t change our business model it offers customers another way to optimize their investment in Cadence tools. But in saying that the Palladium Cloud is probably the best opportunity in the nearer term for incremental revenue, because it taps into customers who traditionally have not had the capital budgets to purchase emulation hardware and we had some revenue contribution from Palladium Cloud in Q3.
John Pitzer: And John, if I could squeeze one more quick one in, Lip-Bu, what percent of your revenue today is domestic Chinese? And I guess just relative to trade war concerns, do you see any evidence of those customers perhaps ordering more than they need for fear that the trade war escalates?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I don’t think we break down on the percentage of the customer from China domestic customer, but clearly, we are engaging quite heavily. Our philosophy is to support the leading customer in their most complicated design globally and then China is included and there are some world-class companies from China. We went collaborating closely with them. There lie our true partnership trusted arrangement and then with the best design on the tool and IP and so we are going to continue doing that and then so far have been okay.
John Pitzer: Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. I think the strength in the upside in the quarter, as you mentioned was both verification emulation as well as IP. On the verification emulation side, can you give us a little bit more color, is this existing customers buying more, is this new customers, what was the balance, just what’s the source of the strength that you saw in the quarter?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, let me start it first, Sterling and a couple of things. One, clearly the customer increasing the demand on the hardware capacity continue, we mentioned two large customers significantly expand their installation of Z1, purely multiple factor, but one of the key reason is a lot of complex design, they need more capacity for verification. And then talking about that, clearly also driving our verification suite and then we are delighted on the Xcelium side we have one large commitment to our technology from a market shaping customer. So, I think all-in-all, I think is a good quarter across hardware emulation Z1 and also Xcelium and then we continue to drive large-scale design, this is a must have and they are able to scale and then clearly, it’s a good balance between the existing customer and also new logos that we highlight that we have 5 new logos, the customer that are new customer to us, they see the benefit of the usage of Z1.
Sterling Auty: Yes. And when looking at the fourth quarter, I want to make sure I am clear, the guidance that you gave is the driver for the new guidance again more kind of the emulation IP, so things that have upfront revenue recognition that’s driving the fourth quarter changing guide or am I missing that?
John Wall: So Sterling, this is John. Yes, revenue exceeded internal expectations across all our major product lines, but yes, most of the revenue upside is in verification and IP when you look at the half and that’s because those segments benefit from upfront revenue as you just said.
Lip-Bu Tan: And then Sterling just to add on, I think we mentioned the broad-based EDA hardware and IP and then by the way, the digital and signoff had a wonderful quarter, 9% growth. And then we have mentioned about 12, more than 12, the 7-nanometer design win on the Q3. And then clearly, we go deep into the 5-nanometer with our partners and customers and then we are getting ready on the 3-nanometer, so continue driving the improvement on the various different tool, so it’s very broad based.
Sterling Auty: Okay, great. And then last question just to clarify the previous caller, John, you mentioned Palladium Cloud, I thought there would be a difference in revenue recognition going from upfront when you ship a box under current model versus I thought the cloud model would be more of a ratable or transaction based?
John Wall: Yes, that’s a good clarification, Sterling. Yes, revenue contribution from Palladium and the cloud would be ratable, yes.
Sterling Auty: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
John Wall: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Diffely from D.A. Davidson.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. First, let me go back to an earlier question on the memory side, we have seen some pricing declines in the memory. I know you had really strong relationships with the customers there, but since we have seen them push-out some capacity has delayed a few projects, just curious have you seen any delays or any slowdown in there, this design activity because of that?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, good question, Tom. And so far the feedback is from our partnership with some of the key customers, we don’t see any delay in the design, actually they increase, because there is a lot of new requirement they need and I highlight the NVMV [ph] related area and then the disaggregation of the storage that a hyperscale guy needs. And so there is a lot of innovation in the new material is happening. And then – so that you can really squeeze more bits into the memory cell. And so I think there is a lot of new development while heavily engaging with other key players. I think we don’t see the delay.
Tom Diffely: Okay. So I guess that being said, would the pricing decline be good for your business in the sense that it would open up new opportunities or new used cases for memory?
Lip-Bu Tan: Possible, but hard to tell, but so far, we are more related to that design activity and we see increase in that design activity and memory is so essential on the whole big data and the whole AI machine learning. And then latency is the scale-out the storage is significantly required, because such a big massive data from autonomous driving, IoT to the Edge and the requirement has significantly increased, so in some ways, put a lot of more pressure for the memory innovations and that should be good for us.
Tom Diffely: Yes, okay. And then John you talked several times about the one-time OpEx benefits in the quarter was there ever a discussion not to include those in the non-GAAP numbers?
John Wall: No, but we didn’t discuss not including them.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Was it more of just a timing issue than kind of…
John Wall: That’s all. Like I say, yes, it was just the timing issue like even when I look at – if I look at the second half without those we are still very pleased how the second half of the year is playing out.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then just based on the really strong operating margin improvement this year versus the revenue growth of 9%, was that projected or predicted based on just the leverage in the model or was that a much stronger operating margin improvement than you would have thought?
John Wall: Well, approximately half of the operating margin improvement in the third quarter came from the revenue upside and about half of it came from expense benefits like primarily due to the timing of hires and those one-time credits. Yes, those were the major impacts. But like I say, I wouldn’t focus too intensely on any one quarter, like I say, when you look at the second half of the year, we are very pleased of how that’s playing out.
Tom Diffely: Okay, thank you.
John Wall: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you, John. Let me start with you with a couple of questions regarding pricing and separately expenses, then a follow-up for Lip-Bu. So on pricing, since you assumed the role of CFO, one of the things that you have been focusing on is what you call deal quality metrics and relatedly improving in areas of sub-optimal pricing where it exists. Could you give us an update on how you think you are doing in terms of those metrics? And then relatedly on pricing, to what extent do you think that new technology is helping you with either bookings or incremental pricing like, for example, Voltus XP as a source of incremental business?
John Wall: So, Jay, on the pricing front, yes, we will continue to focus on pricing. We are always disciplined and value-driven typically and we get pricing improvements from add-on contracts from customers, but we typically do renewal with the customer every approximately 2 to 3 years. And then throughout the duration of the contract, you will get add-on opportunities and that’s where we often see the pricing improvement.
Lip-Bu Tan: Just to add on to what John is saying, I think clearly, Jay, I think the customers are paying for the value that we provide. And then that’s why we do a lot of innovations. Every year, I think you can see 6 to 8 new products organically developed and then clearly it’s driving the tool performance and so that we can really focus on the value to the customer. And then running the PPA, the run-time and then in the early days that last few years, we have been very focused on rewriting some of our tool on parallelism and then the next step we are using AI machine learning across applying into all our different tool and products whether we can drive better performance and throughput for the customer. And then lately as we highlighted to you, we are moving quite a bit into the cloud so that we can use the unlimited server to begin partitioning appropriately to scale the performance and run-time. So, I think clearly the customer willing to pay for the value that we provide.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Now, with regard to expenses, in doing our monthly spot checks, your job openings as well as for your principal competitors across the board for the EDA Big 3, there has been a substantial increase over the last number of months in terms of total openings, yourselves, Synopsys, Mentor, in your case your current number of job openings, as we have looked at today is up by about a third from 6 months ago and more than double a year ago and we see similar trends again with Synopsys and Mentor. Could you talk about where you are looking to add and given the broad demand within the industry for engineers, AEs and the like? Could you talk about your ability to in fact bring people on at the rate that you want given the competition for headcount?
John Wall: So, Jay, I will start and I will let Lip-Bu then chime in with where we are adding, but yes, you are correct that if you look at our CFO commentary you will see there was an uptick in Cadence headcount and much of that from the beginning of September that which was part of the delayed hiring. That’s what benefited Q3. And then on the expense side, that was a one-time benefit to Q3, but of course, we ramped up hiring, so that expense turns up in Q4. And then I just want to refer back to why we didn’t non-GAAP out the one-time credits for professional services, that’s – and that was because we need to be consistent with the use of non-GAAP definitions and they won’t change on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Just to add on John’s description, I think clearly we are hiring more in toward the R&D and FAE side. And then FAE clearly we want to make sure that we support our customer and then have a deep collaboration with them. On the R&D front, we see a great opportunity for further innovations basically more into the data science and into the machine learning, deep learning and also some of the new tools that we have some new idea how to drive more success in term of PPA and run-time to serve our customer better.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Lastly on technology, since you used the word rewrite, Lip-Bu earlier at a Cadence customer event at DAC 4 months ago, there was a very interesting panel discussion where customers such as NVIDIA in particular talked about their need for substantially greater capacity in the tools and I know this is a 30-year issue in EDA, it never ends, but customers like them and others on the panel were talking about multiples of increase in block capacity within the tools. And I am wondering where you stand in terms of being able to deliver against those kinds of substantial increases in capacity that they are now talking about?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, I think clearly the design complexity has increased substantially based on the various application I just mentioned earlier, big data and data analytics. And so the capacity requirement, how to address the interconnect high-speed and also some of this memory scale-out and all of these are going to be critical and besides of our tool how to scale it and also some of the compact design how to use the cloud to address some of this requirement. And then the other part is also in our emulation – hardware emulation, clearly we are developing the next generation too early to give you the guidance, I mean, so far, we are making good progress on the next products and then going to be continued to increase the capacity to meet the customer. Same thing with our FPGA prototyping, stay tuned, we are going to have more announcements in term of increasing the capacity and the scale-out to provide the customer needs like the company like you mentioned earlier, NVIDIA and any large-scale design like massive parallelism and AI machine-learning application in some of the big infrastructure switch – network switch related require varied capacity increase and also developing the design is getting a lot more complex and also meanwhile pushing into the 5-nanometer and 3-nanometer. So I think this is all exciting for us and we work closely and listen very closely with the customer and collaborating with them and supporting them.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you very much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Lip-Bu Tan: And so let me start, first of all, in closing through continuous innovation and execution, our system design enablement strategy has positioned us to capitalize on multiple technology waves and further proliferate our solution with a broader base of customers. We are proud of the innovation and inclusive culture we are building at Cadence. And I would like to take this opportunity to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and hardworking employees globally for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Senior Group Director, Investor Relations Lip-Bu Tan - Chief Executive Officer John Wall - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets Gary Mobley - Benchmark Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Rich Valera - Needham & Company Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets Tom Diffley - D.A. Davidson & Company Sterling Auty - JPMorgan
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Rob and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Rob and I would like to welcome everyone to our second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. I am joined by Lip-Bu Tan, CEO and John Wall, Senior Vice President and CFO. The webcast of this call is available through our website, cadence.com and will be archived through June 14, 2018. Note that today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that the actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company’s future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release we issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results. The reconciliations are available at the Investor Relations section of cadence.com. Copies of today’s press release dated July 23, 2018 for the quarter ended June 30, 2018, related financial tables and the CFO commentary are also available on our website. Now I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Cadence achieved excellent operating results for the second quarter with revenue increasing 8% year-over-year and non-GAAP operating margin of 30%. John will provide details in a moment. Our system design enablement strategy is perfectly positioned to enable the data-driven economy and the multiple key technology waves driving it. We are increasing our footprint with systems companies and tailoring our solutions to vertical market segments. Not only is the cloud/datacenter one of the most significant technology drivers, it also enables us to bring innovative design solutions and increased productivity to our customers. This past month at the Design Automation Conference, we introduced the Cadence Cloud, the industry’s first broad cloud portfolio for the development of electronic systems and semiconductors. Benefits from using Cadence Cloud include improved productivity, intelligent scalability, optimized security and flexibility. We collaborated with Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud to deploy our cloud-ready products in customer-managed cloud environments. We also launched Palladium Cloud, which is a cloud-based emulation solution that easily addresses peak requirements of existing customers and brings emulation to new customers and markets. Finally, in conjunction with Cadence Cloud, we launched Liberate Trio, the first unified library characterization solution that employs machine learning techniques and is optimized for the cloud. Cadence Cloud is endorsed by our close partners, ARM and TSMC and more than 20 customers are using Cadence Cloud, including Annapurna Labs, an Amazon Company, and CNEX Labs. Additionally, the Aerospace & Defense vertical had another strong quarter. A major aerospace and defense company selected Cadence as the primary vendor for SoC design and verification, including our software and hardware products. We also won a significant research contract with DARPA to develop advanced machine learning technologies that speed up and optimize power, performance and area results. Watch for more announcements on this exciting project tomorrow. Now, I will review a few additional highlights from Q2. Momentum continues to build up for our IP business. It was another strong quarter for our flagship DDR and PCIe products. We prototyped the world’s first DDR5 test chip, achieving a data rate of 4400 megatransfers per second in TSMC’s 7-nanometer process. We had significant wins for DDR with a major semiconductor company, for PCIe with a leading storage company, and we are working with a mobile customer on a 7-nanometer sensor application. Tensilica added 5 new logos with wins for applications in IoT, wearables, photonics and crypto mining. Moving on to our System Design and Verification Solutions. In Q2, our broad-based renewal with LG Electronics included adoption of our Xcelium Parallel Simulator. Other key Xcelium adopters included a large Chinese customer and an AI processor startup. Palladium added 6 new customers with 9 repeat orders. Two of the new customers are using Palladium Cloud. Ampere Computing chose Palladium Z1 for the development of their next-generation ARM-based server chip. Palladium Z1 was chosen for its scalability for the large designs, state of the art debugging features, stability and availability over the cloud. Digital and the signoff continued to do very well with 8% year-over-year revenue growth. Our digital and signoff solutions continue to proliferate with existing market-shaping customers and win new customers. More than 20 customers adopted our full digital flow in the first half of 2018. Continuing our innovation in signoff, we enhanced our Voltus IC Power Integrity Solution with an extensively parallel algorithm that provides up to 5x better performance with gigascale capacity and cloud-ready. HiSilicon verified that the new Voltus solution can deliver improved performance results for their future 5G silicon development. Cadence also plays an important role in enabling More-than-Moore technologies such as RF, MEMS and sensors through providing advanced tooling and packaging solutions. We launched the comprehensive, new Virtuoso RF Solution, partnering with National Instruments to streamline the design and verification process of analog and RF ICs and modules. In advanced packaging, we already support TSMC InFO and CoWoS chip integration solutions and we now added support for the new TSMC wafer-on-wafer stacking technology. Reliability also becomes more critical as semiconductors proliferate in new vertical segments like automotive, medical devices, industrial and aerospace and defense. This quarter we introduced the Legato Reliability Solution, the industry’s first software product that meets the challenges of designing high-reliability analog and mixed signal ICs. Infineon successfully used this solution to speed up simulation runtimes by a factor of more than 100. Like reliability, functional safety is very important to automotive, industrial and aerospace and defense. ROHM used the Cadence Automotive Solution for safety verification, which is a critical component in its ISO 26262 compliant tool chain for automotive chips. Hitachi used our JasperGold platform to develop and receive certification for an industrial safety controller. Before turning it over to John, let me quickly summarize my comments. We drove excellent results through consistent execution and broad-based proliferation and adoption of our solutions to meet the needs of the data-driven economy. We introduced the Cadence Cloud, the first broad portfolio of cloud-based EDA technologies. Our growing aerospace and defense business had another strong quarter. Our flagship IP products are doing very well in the marketplace. Adoption of our Xcelium Parallel Simulator is growing. Our digital and signoff solutions are proliferating with market-shaping customers and winning new customers and Cadence solutions are helping enable continued innovation in electronics through More-than-Moore’s technologies. With that, I will now turn over the call over to John to review the financial results and provide the updated outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Lip-Bu and good afternoon everyone. I am pleased to report we met or exceeded all of our key operating metrics in Q2. And as a result of strong execution across our business, we are increasing our outlook for fiscal 2018. Before we get into Q2 results, I’d like to remind you that Cadence adopted the new revenue accounting standard known as ASC Topic 606 for fiscal 2018. These new rules, as we often refer to them, are now GAAP. The numbers I present for our second quarter are based on these new rules unless otherwise stated. Please also keep in mind that this is the first year we are reporting under the new rules which are not directly comparable to those of 2017, which were reported under ASC Topic 605 or the old rules. For all four quarters of 2018, we will show our quarterly results as reported under the old rules to allow comparison to 2017 on an apples-to-apples basis. Having covered that, let’s now go through the key results for the second quarter starting with the P&L. As reported, total revenue was $518 million, non-GAAP operating margin was 30%, GAAP EPS was $0.27, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.45. And under the old rules for direct comparison against 2017, total revenue was $515 million, up 8% year-over-year, non-GAAP operating margin was 30%, GAAP EPS was $0.26 and non-GAAP EPS was $0.44. Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Cash and short-term investments totaled $825 million at the end of Q2, with approximately $475 million of that cash here in the U.S. Debt outstanding at quarter end was $650 million. Operating cash flow in Q2 was $205 million. During the quarter, we used $50 million for share repurchases and $45 million to pay down borrowings under our revolving credit facility. As reported, DSOs were 39 days. Under the old rules, DSOs were 36 days. I will now provide our updated guidance. For Q3, we expect the following results, revenue in the range of $510 to $520 million, non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 27% to 28%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.22 to $0.24, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.40 to $0.42 and DSOs of approximately 40 days. For fiscal 2018, we now expect revenue in the range of $2.07 billion to $2.09 billion, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 28%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.95 to $1.01, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.64 to $1.70 and operating cash flow in the range of $535 million to $565 million. We now expect the difference in revenue under the new and old rules to be approximately $25 million. As a result, under the old rules, our implied 2018 guidance at the midpoint is now expected to be revenue of approximately $2.105 billion, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 29%, GAAP EPS of approximately $1.06, and non-GAAP EPS of approximately $1.74, and our operating cash flow is expected to be approximately $550 million. Please note that we expect our operating cash flow to be the same under both the new and old rules, because our transition to the new rules in 2018 is just an accounting change and as a result there is no impact to our cash flows or to how we operate our business. For more details on the impact of the transition to the new rules on our financial statements, please see our CFO commentary, which was included with our 8-K filing today and is available on our website. To sum up today’s call, I want to highlight that I am pleased with our progress. On an apples-to-apples basis, we are now expecting annual revenue to increase by more than 8% compared to the 7% revenue growth we achieved in 2017. We expect non-GAAP operating margin, on the basis of the old rules to improve to approximately 29% for the year compared to 27.5% last year. And it’s pleasing to me to see so much of the improvement in profitability flowing through to operating cash, which we now expect to land at a midpoint of $550 million for 2018, an increase of approximately $80 million over last year. Before I finish, I would like to thank the extended Cadence team for their operational discipline, their drive and passion to make our customers successful, and for the very large part they have all played in allowing us to raise our guidance for the year. And with that, operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Monika Garg from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Monika Garg: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. First of all, if I look at your 605 equivalent operating margins, as you highlighted, John, pretty good at 29%, where do you think operating margins could be next 2 to 4 years?
John Wall: Hi, Monika. Yes, we believe there is still room to grow operating margin. We are confident in our model and believe that our system design enablement strategy opens up additional growth opportunities for us.
Monika Garg: Alright. Then if I look at the guidance, first half revenue is growing like 8.5% kind of plus – 8% plus year-over-year, but back half is close to 6% looking at the guidance. Any reason why we would see deceleration in growth in the back half?
John Wall: Overall, business is good. I wouldn’t focus too intensely on the results of any one individual quarter or one half over the other. Our focus is more on improving year-over-year. The business is very strong for all the reasons that Lip-Bu talked about. I mean, for 2018, we are now looking at over 8% revenue growth and almost all of that is organic and like we said on non-GAAP operating margin, that’s up to 29% compared to 27.5% achieved last year. The other thing to note on cash, the first half is particularly strong for operating cash flow due to the timing of collections, and that’s just a shift between quarters within this year.
Monika Garg: Got it. Thank you. So last one here for Lip-Bu. Lip-Bu, Synopsis enteredsoftware security market about 4 years back, would that market be interesting for Cadence and could you talk about your views on Cadence M&A strategy? Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. I think there are two parts of the question, one is on the security side, clearly we are also looking at that and then how to provide really high-quality design for our customers, including stronger in verification and security is part of it, and then to drive the success to our customers. So that’s one. And then the second question regarding the – can you repeat the second question again?
Monika Garg: Yes. Just wanted to understand your views how you look at the M&A strategy for Cadence?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, M&A, we have a very disciplined approach to the M&A. And clearly, we want it to fit into our overall strategy and also providing the customer with a differentiating technology and also recruiting the -- bringing in the top talent either in the managerial or technical side, and at the end of the day it’s really focused on the shareholder return.
Monika Garg: Thank you so much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley from Benchmark. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Can you hear me okay?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes.
Gary Mobley: I want to start asking about the strength of the IP licensing in the second quarter, can you speak to what drove strength, the repeatability of the second quarter strength, and then conversely it looks like your emulation business was weak during the quarter and we know that’s an upfront revenue recognition product line. And so can you confirm that emulation was weak in the quarter and what’s your outlook for the balance of the year in emulation?
Lip-Bu Tan: So, let me start first and then John will fill in. So, overall, we really like our refi IP strategy, and it’s working well for us. It’s another strong quarter of us in the DDR and PCIe. We mentioned couple of T1 [ph], the first DDR5 test chip is working at 7-nanometer at TSMC, and I highlight couple of key success with the customer, DDR with a major semiconductor company, PCIe with a leading storage company and also working with the leading mobile customer on the 7-nanometer sensor application. So, overall, I think the IP business is doing well and Tensilica also mentioned 5 new logos and then going at above -- over 10% of the revenue. And so I think overall, we are quite happy with our leadership and also our IP portfolio. And as you know, we recently just added the acquisition of new semi even though it will be a minimum impact for this year. Going forward, that would be exciting for us, it’s very critical for the hyperscale. The infrastructure, I think is an exciting one for us. In terms of emulation, I think clearly we are also quite pleased with our performance. We mentioned up 6 new customers and 9 repeat orders, and then 2 for the Palladium Cloud, and so we are excited about that, but I just want to highlight it’s a very lumpy business, quarter-to-quarter may change, but overall we like what we have. This is the third full year of continuing to do well. And overall, we really focus on the Verification Suite that consists of Jasper, Xcelium, Palladium, Protium, and VIP. Overall, the Verification Suite is coming up nicely.
Gary Mobley: Okay. I just had a follow-up question about your SaaS model or Cadence Cloud, should we assume that there is really going to be no change to revenue recognition, average license duration and perhaps no change to the operating expense model to Cadence, and should we view it really as more of a point of differentiation vis-à-vis your larger competitor?
John Wall: That’s a fair assumption, Gary. Cadence Cloud offers customers another way to optimize their investment in Cadence tools. It’s a valuable addition to our product portfolio for both customers and Cadence and it’s too early to say more than that.
Gary Mobley: Okay. But no, you don’t expect a change in the revenue recognition or the average license duration?
John Wall: I don’t, but it’s too early to say that definitively.
Gary Mobley: Okay, fair enough. Thank you guys.
John Wall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening, Lip-Bu and John. Lip-Bu, let me start with you regarding the overall EDA landscape, in the following sense we have seen more and more examples of partnering in the industry and answers with Synopsis; answers with Mentor, and in earlier this month quite interestingly Synopsis with Siemens. And also in the parallel universe of technical software we have seen examples also of more and more partnering, and it’s always becoming a little bit more evident that Cadence hasn’t really been participating in these kinds of relationships; and I know you are very much focused on your own internal development and [indiscernible] has done a great job with that. But do you think that it’s become increasingly important for you to participate in some of the kinds of relationships that we have seen more and more around you in the industry?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think you have two part of the questions. So, one is about the overall EDA, I think overall I have to say the EDA is very good driven by the strong design activity, especially when we drive the whole data driven and also the whole technology, the technology waves and in terms of machine learning, deep learning applications. So, we see it increase in the design activity and we are very pleased to see that. So overall from the EDA side, we are excited. And then the other part is also the broad-based demand for our innovative system designed enabled solution, have been quite well received. So overall, we are excited about the overall EDA environment. Regarding the partnership, you mentioned couple of them and clearly, we also are working on that. And so I think it’s important to really focus on what customer needs and we partner in some cases with our peers and also ecosystem partners working together to support the customer success and couple of them that we highlight in the past partnership with the MathWorks and the partnership with National Instruments and many others. And so we continue to do that and then we have a great success also.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: With respect to technology, let me ask you about three products that if they succeed might stimulate some incremental growth for you, but you haven’t really talked about them. Number one is Pegasus, which you announced over a year ago at DAC, what’s the status of that? I know it’s hard to share shift in that market, but it is important new product for you. Secondly, Synthesis there clearly under 10-nanometer of incremental requirements for Synthesis, so do you see that as perhaps a source of incremental business for you? And then lastly, you have just launched Sigrity 2018, could that stimulate some resurgent growth in PCB for you as we saw 6 years ago?
Lip-Bu Tan: Jay, it’s a good questions. Let me address one by one. Pegasus, as you know, this is the – for the non-manufacturing related area. We are excited about the design we have with a massive parallelism and also cloud enabled, so that we can really addressing all the cloud requirements. And then the other part is not clearly, right now, we are very focused on the certification from some of our foundry partners and we are excited about that and stay tuned. And then on the Synthesis side that we are making great progress with multiple customer in the most advanced nodes and then the Sigrity in terms of the product and then so far we have great success and then it tied in with voters and approach I think is very good, but so far we are not guiding any specific product line and clearly just back to that Sigrity 2018, we have a new 3D capability that helped the PCB that is quite unique. So, overall I think all this already built into our guidance for 2018. But just back to your point, it’s true we are making great progress. Stay tuned.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks very much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Valera from Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rich Valera: Thank you. The question for you on the macro environment you are seeing with your customers, there has been some noise in the semiconductor industry around kind of where we are in the cycle concerns about particularly on the memory side of the market. And as well, there has been some issues on the semi cap side with some push-outs of expected CapEx, which none of which I would expect would affect your business, but I just wanted to get your sense on the demand trends within EDA how they are now versus say a couple of quarters ago and just how you see as far as the strength of the industry in your customer base? Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, good question. So, I think on the macro side, clearly as I mentioned earlier, we see the design activity increase and due to couple of factors I mentioned earlier, the next decade will going to be the big data, data analytics and that changed the whole workload and become more data-driven economy. And we are very well positioned for doing that. And then also some of the new technology like 5G and on the machine-learning, deep learning and some of the [indiscernible] fix related, silicon photonics related area and we are very well-positioned for that. So, I think overall and our EDA is more related to the design activity and we really see the increase of that. So, I think overall I am cautiously optimistic on that. Regarding the memory, clearly the memory related to data memory and storage will be critical for us. We are delighted. We are making great progress on the memory player and a customer. We have highlighted in the past two quarters. We continued to make progress on that and we all saw very good progress on some of the storage related, we just highlight some of the IP engagement with the storage player. And so I think overall the demand trend is continuing to look good. And regarding the semiconductor cycle, as we all know there is a cycle, but I am very cautiously optimistic, because we see the design activity has increased a lot. So, we are excited and we are very well positioned for that.
Rich Valera: Thank you. I appreciate that color, Lip-Bu. And one more on China if I could, you have talked fairly sensibly in the past about your knowledge of that market and your I think penetration of that market. I just wanted to get your sense on the opportunity there, but also how you see that market potentially being affected by the current trade situation with the U.S., do you think that they maybe driven to actually do more in internal development of all types of technology, including EDA and what are surely just the opportunities and risks for Cadence in the China market if you could? Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good questions. So overall we have done well in China is a growing opportunity. And we pay a lot of attention on that. And China, as you know, the government is very committed to build the own domestic industry to be self-sufficient and we continue to be – and I think most important for us is really to be the best trusted partner to our customer globally, including China customers and we make sure that our tool and our IP supporting them for the developments and something that’s a high priority for us. And overall, we paid a lot of attention about the trade war and then clearly we hope for the best, but meanwhile we are being make sure that we are well-positioned to support our customers.
Rich Valera: Okay, that’s helpful. And one final one, but I am assuming this is still the case, but last quarter you had talked about IP likely being the segment of your businesses of all your segments that was likely to grow the fastest this year, I think you were looking at that maybe as another double-digit growth here. Is that still the case I would assume so from the commentary, but just wanted to confirm that?
John Wall: Yes, Rich. Yes, I mean, when I look at the results we are not guiding revenue by individual product groups, but what I can say is that yes, we continue to expect IP to be our fastest growing product group for 2018. Yes, that’s true.
Rich Valera: Perfect. Thanks very much gentlemen. Appreciate it.
John Wall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mitch Steves: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I really have two. The first one is a bit nuance, so I know you guys kind of benefit when the U.S. dollar strengthens, is there anyway to quantify what the tailwind of that was this quarter?
John Wall: There was a tailwind, Mitch, but it was minimal.
Mitch Steves: And is that going to be the same case next quarter as well assuming the rates are the same?
John Wall: Assuming the rates are the same it will be already embedded in our guidance.
Mitch Steves: Okay, perfect. And then the second question is just more kind of a schematic one, so the semi cap guys are not now talking about how kind of EDA design is being more integrated with what they are doing. So is there any reason why I guess you would integrate both the semi cap company and the EDA company in the future?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think, Mitch, first of all I am not going to speculate and so clearly we work closely with all our ecosystem partners ranging from the IP to the foundry and include the semi cap agreement. And so I think this is the whole ecosystem and we are focused on how we do best in terms of providing the tool in IP to be the best partner for the customers.
Mitch Steves: Got it. And then I guess just one last one at DAC, there is a lot of private companies on the automotive side specifically that I noticed, is that market still fragmented or how do you guys view the automotive space specifically for design?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, we are very excited about automotive vertical. And clearly, we are very well-positioned on that. As you can tell, automotive by now have a lot of more electronic components and they also everybody from Tier 1 to the automotive maker they are putting a big effort into the EDAs in terms of machine learning, deep learning to driving the cloud connected and device in vehicles and we are very heavily engaging with them and stay tuned, I think this is a great platform. We have great opportunity in terms of the IP and also the tool. We are well positioned for supporting them.
Mitch Steves: Perfect. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Diffley from D.A. Davidson & Company. Your line is open.
Tom Diffley: Okay, good afternoon. Maybe first to follow-up on Rich’s question on China, do you have more exposure on the printed circuit board side of your business there, is it more on the chip design side?
John Wall: Can you repeat the question again?
Tom Diffley: Yes. Your exposure in China is it more exposed to your PCB design tools or to your chip – actually chip or semiconductor design tools?
Lip-Bu Tan: I think we are more – we don’t have that breakdown, but I think clearly more in the chip design activity. And then the PCB side, clearly we have some engagement from our Allegro and then the packaging related area, but overall it’s a good opportunity for us and we continue to support our customer.
Tom Diffley: Okay, great. Just a couple of questions on the cloud, the industry for several years has been talking on moving to the cloud and there has been some small little movements here and there but what do you think there is about the increases or the advances in security that make now the right time to be more aggressive on moving towards the cloud?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think you have good questions and clearly cloud datacenter and Cadence cloud is high priority for us. We are delighted, we are collaborating with Amazon, Microsoft and Google to provide a co-readiness to our customer manage cloud and that’s something that is exciting and we highlight a couple of offerings from Palladium cloud to liberate Trio that is cloud available and Pegasus on the cloud available and we have great traction in term of customer adoptions and endorsement by Arm and TSMC. So overall, I think that security is an issue that in the last 20 years we have been working through with our foundry partner and our IP partners and more importantly to make sure that our customers is satisfied and then really feel comfortable to deploy and in their customer managed cloud. And that’s something it’s exciting and we have rolling out product by products available in a very broad way to provide that cloud to really drive productivity, scalability and optimize security and flexibility to the customer. We are very focused on the customer success here.
Tom Diffley: Okay. So when you talk about customers, is it is mainly the smaller customers that can really benefit from the economics of moving to the cloud, are you also seeing some of the larger customers moved their just more of a their capacity overflow point of view?
Lip-Bu Tan: And answer your question both and so very excited to see some of the major customer really want to be in the cloud and that can really drive the day is driving the productivity and the performance of that design. And when you can able to partition all your design tools spread over the verdict unlimited server and that can envy really, really the performance and they see the benefit. That is really the key thing for us, for Cadence to really embark on it. And then some of the smaller company also benefit from it. So at the end either the small company or big company is really the bottom line is to drive the performance and then the scalability and the productivity for that design.
Tom Diffley: Okay. And then finally when you look at 3 years to 5 years what percent of your business – what is your vision as far as how big the cloud becomes as a percentage of your overall business?
Lip-Bu Tan: It’s a bit too early to give the guidance and then clearly we are excited about this new Cadence Cloud and we are focused on it and then focused on customer success. We are delighted the leading hyper-scale web service cloud guy is partnering with us. We are also very excited. TSMC and Arm are endorsing and supporting us. And this is a major effort and we are clearly the leader in this.
Tom Diffley: Okay. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Sterling Auty: Thanks. Hi guys, I wanted to continue the line of questions. On the Cadence Cloud, can you help us understand, what is the pricing structure for your solution in the cloud versus the traditional on-premise solutions?
John Wall: Hi, Sterling, this is John. A key part of our strategy is to become increasingly mission-critical to our customers and Cadence Cloud offers customers another way to optimize their investment in Cadence tools, but we believe that Cadence Cloud will make our product portfolio more valuable.
Sterling Auty: Okay. But does that mean are you priced on a per user some sort of per process or per metered pricing like traditional Amazon, just to understand how this opportunity will grow?
John Wall: Again, it’s a valuable addition to the product portfolio and customers will pay for the value they receive. I mean, generally – operationally, we focus on three key things, which I believe creates a virtuous cycle. We lead with innovation, which makes us become increasingly mission-critical to our customers and we drive operational excellence across the company. That virtuous cycle creates gains with Cadence that improved cash flow and then we use that cash flow to reward employees, return value to shareholders and invest in product development and new innovation to continue that virtuous cycle. And as Lip-Bu said earlier, when our customers look at Cadence Cloud, they will focus on productivity, scalability, security and flexibility.
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay. In some way, I think, Sterling, the feedback from our customer is really delighted, because they see clearly performance improvement, productivity improvement and I mean that, we can really support the pricing that we want to support the customer success.
Sterling Auty: Yes. And when you look at obviously the first solutions you are seeing to be in the verification and emulation area, which makes perfect sense given the elastic compute capabilities of those cloud platforms, wondering what the gross margin impact as that particular sense of products, is it actually better for your gross margins given the low margin hardware that you typically have to ship with it or is it actually maybe neutral to the gross margins?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Sterling, I think a little bit too early to tell, but so far we are very encouraged in terms of the customer feedback and also very strong partnership with TSMC and our hyperscale partners and to scale out and really able to provide unlimited service that a customer can enjoy and then scalability and the productivity and the time-to-market for the benefit and hopefully that will really drive the success of the cloud.
Sterling Auty: Got it. And then very last question on the cash flow and collections, John you mentioned just this was collections that you expected, so it sounds like some of the collections perhaps seeing earlier in the year that we would have expected anyway? Can you just walk through what drives the change in the timing of those collections, was it anything to do with either early renewals or other things that maybe allowed further up-sell into those customers?
John Wall: No, it was mainly on the IP and hardware side. We received some IP and hardware payments in the first half that would normally have fallen more evenly across the year and that caused the first half to be particularly strong for operating cash flow, but this is just a shift between quarters within this year though.
Sterling Auty: Understood. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Lip-Bu Tan, Chief Executive Officer for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, through continuous innovation and execution, we are well-positioned with our system design enablement strategy to leverage the multiple technology waves that further proliferate our solutions with a broader base of customers. We are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture we are building at Cadence. I would like to thank all of our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and hardworking employees globally for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Senior Group Director of IR Lip-Bu Tan - CEO John Wall - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Gary Mobley - Benchmark Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Rich Valera - Needham & Company Tom Diffely - DA Davidson Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jessy, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Jessy, and I'd like welcome everyone to our first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. I am joined by Lip-Bu Tan, CEO; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and CFO. A webcast of this call is available through our Web site, cadence.com, and will be archived through June 15, 2018. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our Web site at the conclusion of today's call. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings, and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release we issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results. The reconciliations are available at the Investor Relations section of cadence.com. Copies of today's press release dated April 23, 2018 for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, related financial tables, and the CFO commentary are also available on our Web site. Finally note that our 10-Q will be filed later this week. Now I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I am very pleased to report that Cadence achieved excellent operating results for the first quarter. Based on the strength [Ph] of our Q1 business and continuing momentum, we are raising our guidance for the year. John will provide details in a moment. The data-driven economy is being propelled by key technology waves of mobile, cloud/datacenter, edge computing, automotive, and more significantly, machine learning. These technologies create massive amount of data, which need to be processed, analyzed, transmitted, and installed. This require power-efficient processing, high bandwidth transmission, and high density storage, which in turn are driving an increase in design activity and broad based demand for our innovative System Design Enablement solutions. Now I will review some of the highlights from Q1. Our System Design Enablement strategy enabled us to increase our footprint with system companies, and tailor our solution for vertical market segments. One of this vertical segments is Aerospace and Defense, where in Q1, we expanded our business with large orders from these companies. Turning to products, our digital and signoff business continued its strong market momentum in Q1. We collaborated with Imec, an international research and innovation hub on the industry-first three nanometer test chip tapeout using Cadence Innovus Implementation Systems, and Genus Synthesis Solution. We continue to proliferate our digital solutions within market-shaping customers, and we have brought in adoptions amongst other customers, including a major defense contractor that would use our digital flow for in-house chip design. Both a leading networking company and a top communication processor company adopted our digital flow for seven nanometer design, continuing our momentum at the most advanced process nodes. We achieved strong performance with our system design and verification solutions in Q1. The Cadence Verification Suite marked a strong quarter as the business grew over 20% year-over-year. Palladium added five new customers, and we booked 17 repeat orders. And Protium S1, targeting the prototyping market continue to ramp as customers realized faster design bring up due to common front-end [Ph] with our Palladium Z1 platform. During the quarter, we added four new Protium customers and booked five repeat orders. Our hardware products nicely complement the software solutions in our Verification Suite; Xcelium for parallel simulation and JasperGold for formal verification. Thirteen additional customers adopted Xcelium in Q1. Our custom and analog design business continue to do extremely well, and we lead the market with our flagship Virtuoso product line. We introduced major enhancements to our virtual also custom IC design platform. That improved electronic system and IC design productivity. A new set of innovative methodologies and technologies including support for five nanometer nodes lead to a modern 3X reduction in FinFET layout efforts. One of our automotive customers, Bosch, endorsed a new system saying that their long-term collaboration with Cadence has lead to crucial innovation in both electrical-aware and the new electrical-driven layout design. Customers including defense contractors, analog semiconductor companies, and mobile chipmakers are adopting our Virtuoso System Design platform, especially for products using heterogeneous multi-die integration. Our IP business with this refined strategy and augmented roadmap is well-positioned to take advantage of continuing our sourcing trends. Momentum for our flagship DDR and PCIe products continue with significant wins, especially for seven nanometer designs. We announced a new Tensilica Vision Q6, our latest processor for embedded vision, and on device AI applications built on the new faster processor architecture. The Vision Q6 built upon our highly successful Vision P6 that is used in many leading application processors, including Kirin 970 SoC from HiSilicon. Finally, I want to talk about the culture we are building at Cadence that underlines all our success. We are committed to driving an innovative and incisive culture that embrace the diversity of our global workforce. The strength of our culture is highlighted by the recognition we received from Fortune. We earned the number 38 spot on the list of Fortune's Top 100 Best Companies to Work For, and are proud to make the list for the fourth year in the row. Our commitment to innovation can be seen in more than 20 significant new products that Cadence team has developed in the past three years. We are also focused on supporting our global community, and have been recognized by the Fortune as the Best Workplace for Giving Back. Since I joined the company, one of my top priorities had been building a culture that differentiates Cadence. We can be proud of how we have accomplished. I am encouraged by the progress we are making, and we will continue to make our culture central to our business strategy. Before turning it over to John, let me quickly summarize my comments. We drove excellent results through consistent execution and broad based proliferation and adoption of our solutions to meet the needs of the data-driven economy. We are raising our guidance for the year on the strength of our business. Our growing Aerospace and Defense business had a strong quarter. We continue to grow adoption of our digital flow for seven nanometer designs. And we introduced a major upgrade of our flagship Virtuoso product line for custom analog designs, and a new higher performance Tensilica processor for Vision and AI applications. With that, I would now turn the call over to John to review the financial results and provide our updated outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. I am very pleased to report we exceeded all of our key operating metrics in Q1. As a result of strong execution across our business, we are increasing our outlook for fiscal 2018. Before we get into Q1 results, I would like to remind you that Cadence has now adopted the new revenue accounting standard known as ASC Topic 606 for fiscal 2018. These new rules as we often refer to them are now GAAP to Cadence. The numbers I present for our first quarter are based on these new rules unless otherwise stated. Please also keep in mind that the numbers for 2018 under the new rules are not directly comparable to those of 2017 which were reported under ASC Topic 605, or for ease of reference, the old rules. Cadence use the modified retrospective transition method on adoption of the new rules. Under this transition method, rather than recast prior periods, we are required to do report our 2018 results. So, alongside our new GAAP rules, we will also provide you today our first quarter results for 2018 as reported under the old rules. These results under the old rules are directly comparable to 2017. Having covered that, let's go through the key results for the first quarter starting with the P&L. As reported under the new rules, total revenue was $517 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27.8%. GAAP EPS was $0.26, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.40. Under the old rules, for direct comparison against our Q1 2017 results, total revenue was $525 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 29.5%. GAAP EPS was $0.30, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.44. Please note that approximately $0.04 of the year-over-year improvement in our non-GAAP EPS is directly attributable to the reduction in our effective tax rates resulting from the recent U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Please also note that $6 million of the $8 million difference in revenue for Q1 between new rules and old rules is attributable to changes in revenue recognition for IP. Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, cash and short-term investments were $752 million at quarter-end, of which, approximately 30% was on-shore. Debt outstanding at quarter-end was $695 million. Operating cash flow was $158 million. During Q1, we used $50 million for share repurchases and $40 million to pay down borrowings under our revolving credit facility. As reported, the DSOs were 41 days. Under the old rules, DSOs were 38 days. I will now provide our updated guidance. On the heels of strong execution in our first quarter and continuing momentum for our business, we are raising our outlook for the year. We now expect revenue growth of approximately 8% for 2018 on an apples to apples basis under the old rules. For Q2, we expect the following results: revenue in the range of $510 million to $520 million, non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 27% to 28%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.20 to $0.22, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.39 to $0.41, and DSOs of approximately 40 days. Our updated guidance for fiscal 2018 is: revenue in the range of $2.055 billion to $2.085 billion, non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 27% to 28%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.86 to $0.94, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.57 to $1.65. We are increasing operating cash flow to a range of $510 million to $550 million, an increase of $25 million at the midpoint. And we expect to continue to repurchase Cadence common stock at the rate of $50 million per quarter during 2018. Please note that we expect revenue under the old rules will be approximately $30 million higher than under the new rules, with $20 million of that difference attributable to changes in revenue recognition for IP. There is no impact to our cash flows, or to how we operate our business. As a result, our implied 2018 guidance at the midpoint under the new rules or under the old rules is now revenue of approximately $2.1 billion, representing growth of 8% compared to the previous estimate of 7%, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 28.6%, GAAP EPS of $1.01, and non-GAAP EPS of $1.70. This quarter, I especially urge you to read through our CFO commentary, which was included with our 8-K filing today, and is available on our Web site. There you will find additional information and comparisons and reconciliations for the new and old revenue accounting rules. And you can see how all of our lines of business perform throughout the first quarter of 2018. [Technical difficulty] verification had a particularly strong quarter with great momentum across the entire verification suites. We continue to see strength across all lines of our core software business, and our IT business is performing in line with my expectation that it will prove to be the fastest-growing part of our business for 2018 on an apples to apples basis. To sum up today's call, I want to highlight that I am pleased with our performance across all lines of business. I would like to thank the extended Cadence team for their financial discipline and for their drive and passion to make our customers successful [technical difficulty] projections to 8% for the year. The hard work is starting to pay off. With that, Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Gary Mobley with Benchmark. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats to a good start to the year. I wanted to start off the question about capital allocation. You mentioned that you raised your cash flow outlook for the year. You have 10 percentage points more of your cash in the U.S. now versus at the end of the year. I'm just curious why you are not getting more aggressive on your share buyback? And with respect to capital allocation, how would you characterize the M&A environment out there with respect to valuation expectations from some of the targets and whatnot?
John Wall: That's good question, Gary. I will take the first part, and then I will ask Lip-Bu to take the second part on M&A. But board and managements at Cadence are laser-focused on creating shareholder value. And as you know, we regularly review capital structure and capital allocation to balance investment needs, risk, liquidity, and capital returns. Also, as we said in the last call, in the first-half of this year we plan to review our overall tax position in light of the new Tax Act, including our options for the use of repatriated cash. So, that's all in focus right now.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, on the M&A front, Gary, I think the board and the management are laser-focused on creating shareholder value, strategic-driven, and disciplined approach. And our M&A philosophy had always been very disciplined, and we have to tie into our EDA's STE strategy, and also focus on customer with differentiating technology products and in attracting the best talent in term of managerial, technical talents, and also able to provide a compelling return on investment and acquisition. We have [indiscernible] with our board, with our management, who else [Ph] are accountable for all the key acquisitions. And so, that have been our discipline for doing that. So I think we're going to continue laser-focused on our internal development and using M&A to supplement our organic growth.
Gary Mobley: Okay. A question about the mix between systems, companies, and merchant IC companies, I know you probably get asked the question a lot, and I don't know if you have an exact figure you can state from your Q1 results, but what do you estimate your mix between systems, companies, and merchant IC companies was for the first quarter? And I guess even more specific, what would you guesstimate your non-IC design revenue contribution in Q1?
John Wall: So Gary, I can tell you that we haven't drilled into the mix for Q1, but the last time we measured the mix, it was around 40% system companies. I know that it hasn't changed in a while, but that's because we have seen growth from both the systems business and also our semiconductor business.
Lip-Bu Tan: Gary, if I can add is our system and IC business are doing well, and we put a more focus on the -- our twin [Ph] IP supporting the IC customers. And meanwhile, we will approach the System Design Enablement to tailor some of our solution in IP to meet the customer in the system side in term of driving some of the success, especially in the PCB and the System Integrity Analysis side. And now we are starting to really pursuing the automotive, and we have great success in this quarter and last quarter. Same thing with Aerospace and Defense that we highlighted this quarter, that we received multiple large orders from several defense and contractor, and aerospace companies. We are delighted some of this vertical market we are pursuing. And same thing with automotive, and in the last quarter we highlighted in a very strategic relationship with market shipping automotive maker, and income of software and hardware IP service solutions. And then the other part, we also filed last year in the beginning a large design IP with a major semiconductor customer, automotive customer. And then the other part, we are also very pursuing the cloud/datacenter, the optimization, and in term of driving some success and solution for them. You know, clearly nusemi is a great acquisition for us that we can really provide that ultra high speed connectivity for them.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Thank you for that. I will turn the floor over to somebody else. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Monika Garg with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Monika Garg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. The first on the IP, though you said just looking on the ASC606, IP is kind of down $10 million year-over-year, could you maybe give us an idea how much of it is just due to accounting ASC606, and what would have in the revenue otherwise?
John Wall: Hi, Monika, thanks for the question. Yes, in Q1 of 2017, if you remember, it's part of our transition to the new revenue accounting standards. We recognized an extra quarter of royalties that added about $5 million to IP revenue back in Q1 2017. So yes, allow for that when you are considering growth. Also IP revenue recognition was impacted most by the 606 revenue transition; $6 million of the $8 million difference between 605 and 606 revenue for Q1 was related to IP. So, on an apples to apples basis, IP was actually up year-over-year, but -- and I made a point in my script to call out the fact that I still expect that to be the fastest-growing part of our business for 2018, and that's despite the fact that in our 10-K we highlighted that the acquisitions that we did in 2017 are not expected to generate significant revenue in 2018.
Lip-Bu Tan: And then Monika, I think just to add on, you know, clearly this -- where I said about IP business and also same trend is continuing. And clearly, we have some of the most differentiating IP under this new refi augmented strategy and focus on the most advanced notes. And then the other part is some of the Tensilica, we highlighted new, you know, the Q6, and then also the nusemi acquisition for the high speed 30, and then also the DDR and PCIe. So, we have a very good portfolio to drive some of the success for our system and semiconductor customers.
Monika Garg: Thanks for details. Lip-Bu, then as a follow-up, I think you talked in your comments about Tensilica processor for Vision, could you provide details on interest you are seeing from customers regarding this product?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, we just announced recently. And so far, the response from customer is very positive, because clearly this is based upon the success of the Vision P6. They are very broadly adopted for the application processor. And meanwhile, this is a higher performance, and also we are quietly building up our software capability to aggregate [Ph] them capability, and that we are providing the overall solution for not just the vision, not just the audio, and now we can really drive some of the embedded vision, and then on-device artificial intelligent application that will be broadly -- and hopefully will be broadly adopted.
Monika Garg: All right. Just the last one, after the muted performance in emulation last year, of course, given a very strong performance in '16, Q1 was very, very -- seems very strong in the functional verification, maybe could you provide more details? Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So, I think as I highlighted, clearly we are very pleased with our System Verification suite. And that grow 20% year-over-year. And with that, clearly, our hardware business as John highlighted, we have a strong backlog from last year, and then Q1, also a very strong quarter both for Palladium and Protium. We highlighted the five new customer and then seven teams, we did order for Palladium. And then for Protium, that is a prototyping -- we are also very delighted with four new Protium S1 customers and five repeat orders. And in Xcelium, I do recall is an integration of Rocket Tag [Ph] and Incisive, and then we completely integrate together. We are delighted this quarter we have 30 new customers adopting it. So, we overall, I think verification is critical for order complex design. I think we have an entire suite from hardware and software able to provide to customer the most compelling. And also clearly, customers see the benefit of the quicker design using the same front-end as the Palladium Z1 that is very attractive for them.
Monika Garg: Thank you so much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. John, first, couple of questions and then finish up with Lip-Bu on the end market. John, were there any unusual increments to upfront or perpetual revenues in the quarter besides hardware, which obviously did quite well, and it looks like -- just quick inference if you might even had a record quarter for emulation, but you mentioned A and D a number of times, and strengthened -- it's an end market, and historically in EDA, Aerospace and Defense tend to prefer upfront licenses unless that's changed? So perhaps you could comment on any increment of that kind in the quarter from upfront licensing? And then for Lip-Bu, you highlighted some advances in sub-10 nanometer. And I'm wondering if the deal -- sorry, the flows from prior contracts carry forward into sub-10 nanometer? In other words, were the implementations done for 14 and 20, and so forth, extensible down to under-10 or are we going to see a whole new round of selection for seven and below that you are going to have to compete for? Thanks.
John Wall: Jay, I will take the first part of your question. I was certainly pleased with the performance of all our lines of business in Q1. Approximately 90% of our revenues recognized over time, and that was no different for Q1. So there was nothing unusual. And as you know, with our ratable model, the strong Q1 has a bigger impact on the entire year, but -- so you'll see that the Q1, the strength in Q1 has carried through into strong guidance for the year, and we continue to see strength in our custom IC and digital software business to -- let's pass it off to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think, Jay, a couple of points, and one I think I highlighted with Imec collaborations, we announced three nanometer quadruple patterning test shipment successfully tapeout. We are very pleased with that. And then clearly our volume business is in the 14, 16 nanometer in term of more customer point of view, but we are moving very rapidly into the seven and five nanometer. A lot of design activity, a lot of IP engagement is in the seven and five nanometer. And so far, in every new process node, there is opportunity for us to help our customers to win in the marketplace so that they can proliferate. And so, clearly, we are excited about the opportunity in front, the tool with distributor, the processing, and then the massively parallel, that have been our advantage. And right now, we are using machine learning, learning to even drive further advantage in terms of PPA one-time, and also some of the verification we are applying our machine learning planning capability into our tool. At the end of the day, it is supporting our customers to faster to design and verify, so that they can go for production and winning the marketplace.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Just to finish off with John, could you talk about your philosophy on pricing, specifically as part of your management, which you call, "Deal Quality Metrics," are you looking at pricing, or let's -- to be more specific, suboptimal pricing in the case of any specific customers more than account level, or you think in terms of pricing more broadly in terms of how you might apply price increases or less discounting, and so forth?
John Wall: Hi, Jay. Yes, we are very disciplined and value-driven, and very focused on pricing for Cadence, but it is a competitive business, and pricing can vary from sector-to-sector, and product-to-product. But we believe the best way to drive value from that is our products to collaborate deeply with customers to deliver innovative and clearly differentiated solutions, and that make our customer successful.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: All right, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks for taking my question. Can you just talk about the division and guidance for the year, from last quarter to this quarter, what are the specific parts of the business that you think are stronger now compared to three months ago?
John Wall: Hi, Farhan. This is John. Yes, strength in the quarter was broad based. Functional verification had a particularly strong quarter with great momentum across the entire Verification Suite, as Lip-Bu mentioned earlier. But we continue to see strength as well in our custom IC and digital software business. And our IP business performing in line with our expectation that is going to be the fastest-growing part of Cadence on an apples to apples basis. So, it's pretty broad based.
Farhan Ahmad: Sorry, I meant for the year, not just for the quarter.
John Wall: Similarly, it's pretty broad based across the year. We expect -- I think we said last quarter that we expect all of our businesses to grow this year.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then in emulation, Mentor Graphics recently claimed that they have taken leadership and market position in emulation. Can you just talk about the competitive dynamics in the -- within the emulation market? And how are we in terms of the product introduction cycle?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So Farhan, this is Lip-Bu. And clearly, the hardware business -- and we are very pleased with our performance, and in term of Z1 and also our Protium S1, this is a prototyping site, and clearly in the verification, this is very important for verifying -- design. And we are excited, you know, our hardware and software would complement the full suite to really providing our customers. So I think overall we are very excited about what we have, and we made great progress 20% year-to-year growth. And we respect our competitors in what they are doing. And so, we continue to compete in the marketplace.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then one last question on the OpEx linearity through the year, can you just talk about how we should model OpEx for the year?
John Wall: Right. So with the transition to the new revenue rules, if you are using the 606 numbers, that -- you would expect the commission expense to be more flat throughout the year. But -- so I think that will probably take away some of the expense profile. It should be reasonably flat throughout the year.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. Thank you. That's all I have.
John Wall: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rich Valera: Yes, thank you. I'd just like the follow-up on the emulation question. It seems like it's a pretty dramatic turnaround, you know, the whole category of verification was down about 5% year-over-year last year, I believe you said in your last call, and presumably hardware was down meaningfully more than that, given the relative stability of software. And now it seems like hardware is probably up quite sharply in the first quarter. So just wondering if you can give any color on what might account for that dramatic turnaround year versus year? Was it simply a matter of just really difficult comparisons in '17 off the real strong '16? Or is there anything else you could point to in the product or the marketplace for that pretty dramatic turnaround? Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, this is Lip-Bu, Rich, and thanks for the questions. And as I mentioned multiple times, hardware is a very lumpy business. And we have -- last year I think the first-half has a little soft start, but we have finished very strongly in the Q4, and that momentum carry us in the Q1. As I mentioned, we have hardware Palladium Z1, we have five new customers, and 17 repeat customers, and then orders, and then the Protium, you know, we have four new Protium customers and five repeat customers. And so, overall I think it's not just the hardware, and also our software Xcelium we have 30 new customers in this quarter. Finally, we put it together with the Rocket Tag [ph] integrations, and for the parallel simulation. And then the other part is the former verification for JasperGold. So overall, I think it's like John mentioned, across the border, the whole verification is strong, and we are delighted to provide that entire verification suites for our customers.
Rich Valera: Got it. And then, you specifically in 4Q called out I think real strong bookings, real strong hardware bookings, and clearly that's translated into a nice Q1. Anything you would say specifically about bookings? I know you've said numbers of customers, new customers and repeat customers, but we would you say that you had another strong bookings quarter for the hardware business in Q1?
John Wall: I would say that again we don't talk about bookings on a quarterly basis. And hardware is a very important component of our entire portfolio. We typically view it as the complete verification suite that I would say that we've been very disciplined and value-driven on pricing to ensure that we get the value that we believe the hardware is worth.
Rich Valera: Great. And then just one more, if I could on digital, I don't know if you said specifically how fast digital grew, it looks like it was kind of a double-digit number, but did you say that specific number, John?
John Wall: No, it was 9%.
Rich Valera: I'm sorry, 9%. Okay. So yes, I know that was double-digit last year. Would you be willing to hazard whether you think that might be a double-digit growth business again this year, or not willing to go there at this point?
John Wall: No, we are generally not going to guide or comment on individual product line growth rates for 2018, other than to say that we thought IP would likely be the fastest-growing group.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, if I can add, we are excited about our digital flow. And as I mentioned, a couple of very successful one we have, the leading networking company adopting us, and then the top provider of the communication processor adopting us on the seven nanometer. Last quarter, we highlight a premium, and the hyper scale and moving into the seven nanometer, they're using our entire suite. And overall I think it just continued our proliferation with market shipping customer, and we will continue to expand that footprint; just stay-tuned.
Rich Valera: Got it. Thanks very much, and very nice quarter, gentlemen, thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
John Wall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Diffely with DA Davidson. Your line is open.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. Another question on the IP front, so it sounds like 606 has about a 10% impact IP this year, I'm wondering does that reverse next year, or are there additional one-timers in the out year that would impact that as well?
John Wall: So, on last quarter, we talked about the -- that our expectation for the difference in total revenue between the two sets of rules was $40 million. And we thought in 2019 that would drop into about $25 million in 2019, but now we think it's $30 million at a similar proportion for the out years. And I think that if you look at IP, we think 20 of the 30 is IP for this year haven't drilled into impact in 2019, but all are saying is that we expect the impact between 606 and 605 is slightly smaller than we thought it would have been last quarter.
Tom Diffely: Okay. You said that same ratio roughly holds in for the year…
John Wall: I think so, yes.
Tom Diffely: Okay, and the same ratio of IP as a percentage?
John Wall: That's a good guess.
Tom Diffely: Okay. So I guess, when you look at the new kind of refined IP strategy in the market that you are serving overseas before, are you -- do you believe you are growing in line with double-digit market growth or you're going slower or faster that at this point?
John Wall: We are not going to specific…
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think, you know, clearly, as we mentioned that this refined strategy and augmented growth map, just like to highlight to you, we are pursing more scalable and more profitable focus. And we are focusing on the most advanced nodes. And we are focused on customer success, and we are focus on the star IP like the 10 silica, the new semi third higher -- ultra high speed to 30. So we are going to continue to build on that. The high differentiating IP, they are the most leading-edge, and then we really focus on scalability. We don't do that kind of one-off type of things, and really focus on the quality.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then just looking broader FEIT market, what is the penetration of outsource or merchant IP, and what percentage is still done in-house, and where do you think that percentage goes over time?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think as I mentioned, the outsourcing trend continue. I think clearly from our customer point of view, unless they are really need to have that their IP to differentiate their product offering, somewhat the industry standard, and has gone as a reliable in out -- that's how we want to position our self as a reliable, trusted, high-quality IP provider. I think over time that's a lot of room for growth, and we are excited, as John mentioned, this will be a higher percentage of growth in term of our product line. And we are excited about this IP and especially applying to some of the key vertical, either the hyper scale datacenter, the distributor datacenter, vertical datacenter, the automotive, and in term of the new aero-related area, that's a lot of very unique IP that will over time we can build and acquire to do that.
Tom Diffely: Okay. So, at this point you think we are at the halfway point in from an outsourcing trend line?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I can't put down where we are, you know, -- I would -- all I can say is like the baseball terminology and still in the early round.
Tom Diffely: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Sterling Auty: Hey, guys. Thanks. Just want to follow-up on the line of questions of IP, and I apologize if you said earlier, I'm bouncing between calls, but I get lots of questions around the autonomous driving, artificial intelligence et cetera, what is the core IP that you built at this point and what kind of demand traction are you seeing for those elements within the IP franchise?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think, Sterling, first of all, we are focusing on some of this, we call it the high speed connectivity side, and either the USB or PCIe or high-speed 30, addressing some of the data storage related requirement, and then using that 10 silica to drive some of the AI autonomous driving and know how to work with vision senor-related. So I think we have two part, one is to providing our tool and IP to help our customers to design some of this EDAs and then some of this requirement for autonomous driving. And last quarter, we highlight the premium automotive maker adopting some of our key IP for doing that. And then the other part is really addressing some of the AI, on the vision, audio, and then on this on-device AI application and beyond, and so there is a lot, and the AI machine learning is so broad that you can move into beside the datacenter, beside the mobile autonomous driving, and even some of the medical genomics sequencing. That's a lot. It's fascinating, and we are just touching the surface. And so there's a lot of room to grow there.
Sterling Auty: And on those types of opportunities, has anything changed in terms of the mix of contract structure you are getting in terms of upfront versus annual subscription versus kind of the perpetual payment for that capability?
Lip-Bu Tan: No, not much. I think it's pretty much the same, and their requirement for their design, and so clearly there's a lot of opportunity as I mentioned earlier; I just want to add on to it, the whole silicon photonics, the whole the quantum computing and with AI, and so there's a lot of new complete [Ph] architecture come out on the hardware and software, and we are fascinatingly exciting. They are going to drive the semiconductor development growth. We see that design activity increased a lot to us.
Sterling Auty: That's great. One last question, we talk about digital in your growth and kind of the improvement in that space; you don't talk as much about the analog side where you guys have been so dominant through the years. Have you seen anything change on the competitive landscape in the analog franchise?
Lip-Bu Tan: Not a lot. Clearly that would triple down on our leadership, and then that's why we highlighted Virtuoso customizing new platform is a significant major enhancement that able to drive all the way down to five nanometer process nodes, and then with our leading partners in the foundry. And also I think we drive some of the new innovative methodology and technology that drives more than 3X [technical difficulty] asset. [Technical difficulty] in terms of customer's love, and we just highlighted one of the customer, Bosch, and they see tremendous value for that. And we also defense contractor analog semiconductor company, mobile chipmakers -- adopting our Virtuoso new tool that we just announced and the respond had been overwhelming.
Sterling Auty: Great, thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mitch Steves: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. So I wanted to touch really quick in the systems side. So I know you guys can't disclose customers, but is there anyway maybe give us some information on how they spend, meaning that when a systems company spins to kind of create their own chip, do they spend any differently than the kind of a standard semiconductor customer?
Lip-Bu Tan: In general, pretty much the same. They all want to design the silicon or their system, and then we have a very unique position, beside our tool we have IP and we also have the PCB side and the system simulation, especially the power are critical for them. And then the only different on the system guy and time to market is more critical for them, because they want to win in the marketplace. First move advantage is critical for their success. And they are more focused on the time to market, and also they are focused more on the quality of the products. And clearly to appreciate the value that we provide, and so I think we are delighted to work with them. Our job is basically make sure that our 2N IP will help them to design the most complex chip, the most complex system they have. And in some way we panel with some of our partners like Mathworks, and we are delighted to work with them and are clearly with our PSpice, and with their tool we make up more integrated solution from the system level design order chip for implementation. That is a really good outcome from automotive and then some of the new aerospace. And we are delighted. And we also, last quarter we did an acquisition on SFM and really driving the ECAD-MCAD library creation, and this whole mechatronics is really ticking off. So we are excited about all this opportunity in front of us.
Mitch Steves: Got it. And then just one small one, a couple of years ago, you guys have talked about system essentially increasing as a percentage of revenue, but it sounds like that's stayed the same. So maybe I guess what happened in the last couple of years that essentially cause that to be essentially the same versus original expectation of growing as a percentage of revenue?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So far you know, overall revenue is growing and so our semi growing, and our system also growing very fast. And so we are delighted. I think both engine are growing nicely, and then John you may want to highlight.
John Wall: Yes. Just to highlight, so we haven't updated the analysis and the mix for Q1, but at the end of last year the mix was still around 40% for system companies and it's exactly as Lip-Bu highlighted that both system -- the growth that we are seeing across system companies and the semiconductor business is pretty much the same.
Mitch Steves: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: That's all the questions that we have for today. Lip-Bu Tan, I will turn the call back to you.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, through continuous innovation and execution, we are well-positioned with our System Design Enablement strategy to further proliferate our solution with broad based of customers. And we are proud of the innovative and inclusive culture that we are building at Cadence. I will like to take this opportunity to thanks all our shareholders, customer and partners, Board of Directors, and hardworking global employees for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Senior Group Director of Investor Relations Lip-Bu Tan - Chief Executive Officer John Wall - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Gary Mobley - Benchmark Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Monika Garg - KeyBanc Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Rich Valera - Needham & Co. Tom Diffely - DA Davidson
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Jessy, and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Jessy, and I’d like welcome, everyone, to our fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. I am joined by Lip-Bu Tan, CEO; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and CFO. The webcast of this call is available through our website, cadence.com, and will be archived through March 16, 2018. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings, and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release we issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results. The reconciliations are available at the Investor Relations section of cadence.com. Copies of today’s press release dated January 31, 2018 for the quarter ended December 30, 2017, related financial tables and the CFO commentary are also available on our website. And now I’ll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Through the execution of our System Design Enablement Strategy and delivery of our innovative solutions, Cadence delivered strong performance for our shareholders. John will go through our results in a few minutes. The transition to the Data-Driven Economy, based on the creation, storage, transmission, and analysis of data, is transforming virtually every industry and driving strong demand for semiconductors. It is being propelled by key technology waves including: mobile, cloud/datacenter, edge computing, and automotive. And machine learning is further transforming all of them. We are well positioned for growth and value creation as we provide the solutions that fuel these technology waves.  Let me begin by highlighting our progress and successes during the year for several key vertical markets, starting with Cloud/Datacenter. High speed SERDES technology is essential for next generation hyperscale data centers. In Q4, we acquired nusemi, which is developing ultra-high-speed connectivity solutions and we are thrilled to have a very talented team on board. The trend of system houses building their own silicon continues with the chip design group at premier hyperscale web service provider adopting our software and hardware solutions for 7-nanometer designs. As we reported in Q3, we are collaborating with Xilinx, ARM, and TSMC to build the industry’s first test chip for Cache-Coherent Interconnect for Accelerators, or “C-6”, incorporating Cadence IP and using Cadence tools on the TSMC 7-nanometer FinFET process. 2017 was a year of rapid advancements for Automotive. We made steady progress with our EDA, IP and Services solutions for this market. In Q4, we entered into a strategic relationship with a market-shaping auto maker that will include software, hardware, IP and services. Earlier in the year, we signed a large design IP deal with a major customer in the automotive semiconductor sector. We had several key wins for our Safety, Test and Reliability EDA solutions.  Our IP business had great traction. Tensilica is now in two of the top three, and Design IP is in four of the top five, automotive semiconductor companies. The third vertical that I want to highlight is Aerospace and Defense. We have successfully built on our initial engagements with customers like GE Aviation and Northrop Grumman to further our footprint with both defense contractors and governmental agencies. During the year, we strengthened our existing relationships and won new customers for software, hardware and services. System Design Enablement also requires expanding our investments and partnerships to provide increasingly integrated system solutions for mutual customers. There is strong interest in our PSpice-Mathworks integrated solution, which bridges the system-level design and chip-board implementation domains. Early adopters include customers in the automotive, aerospace & defense, and medical segments. In Q4, we acquired SFM Technology, an innovative company that accelerates advanced ECADMCAD library creation and is an important step towards expanding our System Design Enablement strategy into mechatronics. It was another strong year for innovation, which is the heart of our success. We introduced eight new products in 2017 and we have now introduced more than 20 significant products in the last three years. Now, I will move on to product highlights for both Q4 and 2017. Digital and signoff revenue grew 10% for the year, driven by increasing proliferation with market-shaping customers and broadening adoption by other semi and system customers. Broadcom continued to increase its investments in our digital platform, which proliferated throughout many advanced node projects. During the year, a global marquee company, and a key IP partner, expanded and deepened their investments in Cadence Technology, including our digital solutions. More than 100 customers have now deployed our digital and signoff products for advanced node designs. About 40 customers are using Cadence at the 7-nanometer node, and have taped out over 30 designs. Demonstrating the strength across our product line, we had 20 full flow wins for the year. IP revenue grew 18% for the year as the outsourcing trend continues and our refined strategy drove strong results. We booked by far our largest ever design IP contract. The agreement includes a broad array of our design IP, including DDR controllers and PCI Express. Tensilica had a strong quarter with increased royalties. Tensilica’s leadership in audio is leading to key wins in the smart speakers’ market, while adoption grows for our DSPs that are tuned for vision and neural networks. Momentum continued to build for the new software products in our Verification Suite, but overall revenue was down 5% for the year due to hardware. In Q4, Xcelium, our new parallel logic simulator, added more than 25 new customers. More than 90 customers have adopted Xcelium since its launch in February 2017. True to the lumpy nature of the hardware business, after a slow start to the year, Palladium and Protium ramped up in Q4 and we finished the year with a significant backlog of orders. For the year, we added 20 new Palladium Z1 customers, 10 of those in Q4. Sales of the new Protium S1 FPGA-Based Prototyping System was strong as we added 15 new customers and had nine repeat orders. Jasper proliferation continued to accelerate. Nine of the top 10 semiconductor companies now use our formal verification solution, and we doubled the number of new customers in 2017. For our custom and analog design solutions, newer market trends along with increasing design complexity drove strong demand for both our advanced node custom design and simulation solutions, leading to revenue growth of 11% for the year. Two of the top three memory companies have now adopted our Spectre XPS fast-spice simulator and characterization solutions. System interconnect and analysis solutions grew 8% for the year, with growth across PCB implementation, IC packaging, and Sigrity power integrity analysis. Newly launched Virtuoso Design System Platform and Allegro DesignTrue DFM products have been very well received. Our power integrity solution was the key driver for our strong Sigrity results, with interest across multiple verticals. Now let me quickly summarize my comments. Consistent execution and broad-based proliferation and adoption of our solutions drove excellent financial results for the fourth quarter and for our full fiscal year. Cadence, along with the semiconductor and EDA space, is benefitting from a number of technology waves centered on machine learning. The adoption of our digital signoff solutions by market-shaping customers is broadening our reach and customer base. Our refined IP strategy led to strong mid-teens growth. We are excited about the acquisition of nusemi, which we expect to add next-generation high-speed SerDes, for modern cloud/datacenter applications. Momentum has continued for our custom and analog solutions as both large and small customers have been adding capacity. We are proud of what we accomplished in 2017 and excited about the opportunities ahead for 2018.  With that, I will turn the call over to John, to review our financial results and provide our outlook.
John Wall : Thanks Lip-Bu. Good afternoon everyone. I’m very pleased to say that we met or exceeded our key operating metrics and delivered strong financial results for both the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017. First, I will go through the key results starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $502 million for Q4, up 7% over the prior year period. For the year, revenue was $1.943 billion, also up 7% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 30% for Q4 and 27.5% for 2017. On a GAAP basis, Cadence reported net income of $0.73 per share for fiscal 2017, and a net loss of $0.05 per share for Q4. These GAAP results reflect a total one-time charge of $92 million, or $0.33 per share, on a provisional basis for U.S. tax reform, of which $67 million, or $0.24 per share, was for the mandatory repatriation tax, and $25 million, or $0.09 per share, was for the revaluation of our net deferred tax asset, resulting from the U.S. corporate tax rate reduction. Please note that these provisional amounts may change as Cadence continues to evaluate the impact of the Tax Act. Non-GAAP net income per share was $1.40 for the year, up 16% over 2016, and $0.39 for Q4, up 15% year-over-year. Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Cash and short-term investments were $693 million at year-end, of which 80% was outside of the U.S. We had $735 million of debt outstanding at quarter-end, which includes $85 million that we drew down from our revolving credit facility during the quarter. Operating cash flow was $127 million for Q4 and $471 million for 2017. During Q4, we used $143 million for acquisitions and repurchased $50 million of Cadence shares. DSOs were 36 days. Before I present the outlook for Q1 and fiscal 2018, I’d like to talk a little about the impact of U.S. Tax Reform and our transition to new revenue rules. First, the impact of US tax reform. It has only been 40 days since the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law. We’ve done a lot of work and we have a lot more to do, but as of today here is what I can tell you about its impact on Cadence. Based on our analysis of the act, our non-GAAP tax rate will fall from 23% to 16% for 2018. As mentioned earlier, in Q4 we recorded a $67 million charge for the mandatory repatriation tax, and $25 million for the revaluation of our net deferred tax asset, resulting from the U.S. corporate tax rate reduction. We do not expect a meaningful impact on cash used for taxes in 2018. We expect to repatriate international cash, but given the logistics involved, we are still determining the timing and amount of repatriation. In the first half of this year, we plan to review our overall tax position in light of the new tax act. As of now, that’s about as much as we can say about the impact of the new tax act, but we are continuing to work on it and we plan to provide further information in our Form 10-K when it is filed in a couple of weeks. Now, I will discuss the changing revenue rules. Cadence has adopted the new revenue accounting standard known as ASC Topic 606 for fiscal 2018. For ease of communication, over the course of the next few minutes, I plan to refer to the new revenue accounting standard simply as ‘the new revenue rules’ or ‘the new rules’ to contrast it with the former standard, ASC Topic 605, which I will refer to as ‘the old revenue rules’ or ‘the old rules’. The first thing to mention about our transition to the new revenue rules is there will be no impact to our cash flows, or to how we operate our business. The impact on our expense line is minimal, and the portion of our revenue recognized over time will remain approximately 90% under the new revenue rules, just as it was under the old revenue rules. However, there is a difference in our revenue guidance for 2018 under the old and new revenue rules, and I’ll explain now why this difference exists. In the recast process on transition to the new revenue rules, some of our contracts that had upfront revenue recognition under the old rules shift to recognition over time, and some contracts that were recognized over time become upfront. Cadence is using the modified retrospective transition method to adopt the new revenue rules. o Under this transition method, only a subset of orders are recast and recognized as revenue under the new revenue rules, specifically, those orders that were in our backlog at the end of 2017. During this recast process, we expect to take approximately 3% of our backlog that would have primarily been recorded as revenue over the next two years under the old revenue rules, and include it immediately as an adjustment to our opening retained earnings on the balance sheet for 2018. As a result, we estimate that our revenue under the new rules in 2018 will be approximately 2% lower than it would have been under the old rules. We expect the difference between revenue under the new rules and old rules to gradually decline over time and be de minimis within two years. Guidance for the year will be provided under both the new and old rules, while quarterly guidance will only be provided on the basis of the new rules. We will report revenue under both sets of rules for every quarter in 2018. Now, I will provide our guidance. For fiscal 2018, we expect revenue in the range of $2.015 billion to $2.055 billion under the new revenue rules. That range would be $2.055 billion to $2.095 billion under the old rules, or growth of approximately 7%. We expect non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 27%, under the new rules. Adjusting for the difference in revenue, this implies a non-GAAP operating margin of 28.4% under the old rules. We expect GAAP EPS in the range of $0.80 to $0.90, which would be $0.93 to $1.03 under the old rules. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.50 to $1.60, which would be $1.62 to $1.72 under the old rules. We further expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $480 million to $530 million, and we expect to repurchase Cadence common stock at the rate of $50 million per quarter during 2018.  For Q1, our guidance based on the new revenue rules is as follows: Revenue in the range of $500 million to $510 million. Non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 26%. GAAP EPS in the range of $0.20 to $0.22. And non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.36 to $0.38. We expect our DSOs for Q1 to be approximately 40 days. You will find guidance for additional items in the CFO commentary available on our website. I want to leave you with the following points: Cadence had a strong finish to 2017 and we’re excited about our prospects for 2018. We will continue to improve our operating profitability in 2018. Our guidance implies an operating margin of 28.4% for 2018 under the old rules, which is up from the 27.5% we achieved in 2017, and I’m delighted to finish 2017 with 7% revenue growth for Q4, 7% revenue growth for 2017, and a projection for 7% revenue growth for 2018, on an apples-to-apples basis under the old revenue rules. And with that operator, we’ll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Gary Mobley with Benchmark. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a strong finish to the year. Wanted to start with a question about contribution from the nusemi acquisition you mentioned, you paid about $142 million for the acquisition, just given market multiples I’m assuming maybe nusemi was operating with about $25 million in annual revenue and may be adding about 100 basis points to your fiscal year 2018 outlook, am I doing that and analysis correctly?
John Wall: I don't think so Gary, but you are right in terms of we used $143 million of cash for acquisitions in Q4. We're not disclosing any more details at this time, but we don’t expect those acquisitions to become accretive until 2019.
Gary Mobley: Okay. So, because the purchase accounting is not falling to the income statement in 2018.
John Wall: Any impact on 2018 is included in our guidance. I will provide more information in our Form 10-K when we file in a couple of weeks.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Alright. Did you mentioned that the emulation backlog increased year-over-year despite having a down year for emulation in 2017?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I mentioned earlier, this is a lumpy business and we have a slow start in the first three quarter, but we have a strong finish and we’re very excited that we have a significant backlog of orders going to 2018.
Gary Mobley: Okay, alright. I just have one follow-up question on this ASC 606 issue. I’m assuming you are going to start recognizing emulation revenue more ratably versus upfront and - correct me if I'm wrong, if that’s not the component that’s moving up front, but…
John Wall: No. Sorry Gary that’s not the case. We have a slight difference, some of our revenue goes from upfront over time and that’s mainly software perpetual revenue that’s a small portion of our business, and the piece that’s mainly moving from previously ratable to upfront is some of our IP business. Hardware, we recognized upfront and that’s partly why it has been inherently a lumpy business for us.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Help me understand how this bounces out over time the difference between ASC 606 and 605, is it just a way you’re booking the revenue as we annualize this issue?
John Wall: Sure. Like we said in the prepared remarks, during the recast process we expect to take approximately 3% of our backlog that would have primarily been recorded as revenue over the next two years under the old rules and then included immediately as an adjustment to our opening retained earnings. Now, about a third of that we never get back that about 2% of that backlog becomes a timing difference, and then we will gradually grow that revenue over time layer over the next two years such that ASC 606 and 605 revenue would be the same. We believe if you take the difference in our guidance there is about 40 million difference between in revenue in 2018 between both sets of revenue rules that’s around 60% of the total reference. We expect the difference in revenue under the new rules and old rules to gradually decline over time and be essentially de minimus within two years.
Gary Mobley: Okay.
Lip-Bu Tan: And Gary just to go back to the first question, that the nusemi acquisition plus SFM Technology acquisition, so we did two acquisitions that we used 143 million cash.
Gary Mobley: Okay, that’s helpful. Alright. I’ll let others ask questions. Thank you, guys.
John Wall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks, good evening. Lip-Bu let start with you on an EDA market question, to what extent are do you seeing that the frequency of intro contract new or expansion business is perhaps increasing reflecting the positive reflection that we’ve been seeing in semi R&D? In other words, customers are coming back for additional business notwithstanding that they may not actually be up for renewal, are you seeing more of that kind of walk-in business for any part of the business?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, good question, and as you recall, and we are very disciplined in terms of our agreement with our customers. We have just averaged 2.5, 2.6 year durations and that is a contract we had in place, but from time-to-time we also have customer come back to us and to add on some of this recorded add-on business that is not part of the agreement because some are the new product and new technology will come out in the new advanced nodes and those are - we keep track of that very carefully because that is where you show the growth for the future.  And we are very excited that our, you know this add-on business is coming strong and that indication of strong growth and what I described earlier, this data driven economics, some of the three of the vertical market we are focusing on, and the system company, you know they are building their own silicon team to differentiate their products. And also, the demand for the advanced nodes and more complicated design they come to us, and we are really excited about it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay, I have just two more questions, I’ll ask them at the same time. For John, on the last conference call, a quarter ago, we talked a bit about customer concentration and you mentioned that you have no customers at more than a single digit percentage of revenue. The question is, is there some upward trend however for any customers beyond that, in other words that was a snapshot, but have you seen any customers in fact increasing from perhaps low single-digit to mid-single digit on their way to high single digit perhaps, just as for example in the case of Synopsys, Intel has grown from 10% or 11% of their business to 16%, 17% of Synopsis, is there some similar trend for any customers in your case? And then just to wrap up on the product side for Lip-Bu, you mentioned some of the early momentum for Protium. My question is, how do you see the addressable market developing for FPGA prototyping, it’s much smaller to date than emulation as best we can tell, it’s less than $100 million category, predominated thus far by Synopsys, do you foresee perhaps that category growing several-fold eventually the way emulation has over the last decade and thus make it worthwhile for you to be in that market?
Lip-Bu Tan: So, I think in that Jay, I think you have two questions. So, let me address the first one first in terms of customer concentration topics. First of all, I think we have a very broad portfolio. We also have a very, I call it, longtail analog and industrial usage and are very stable and a good business for us. And in the meanwhile, we also have this newly developed digital flow that we have a lot of proliferations and with different accounts. And the good news is that we have - all the customer - most of the customers are growing and we are delighted, and to support them, but we are continuing to have that in our - not more than one customer, they have 6% of our business. So, it’s a very broad growing in the diversify that’s something that we like. And meanwhile, we love the customer continue to go grow and buy more of our products. And in terms of your second question about the Protium, and as you recall, we have the hardware emulation product and that is still the best in the emulation business and we continue to grow well as you can - mentioned earlier in Q4 we have a strong finish. We have a strong backlog going forward in 2018, and we also come out with this Protium and we call it S1 and that was also gaining a lot of attraction. We have 17 new customers and 11 repeat orders, and this is the, as I already pointed out is FPGA-based prototyping system and more software oriented, and that I think we are delighted, while getting a lot of traction, a lot of interest from a customer, and at the end of the day we - right now we are really focused is the whole verification suite. And that consists of Jasper, the former verification consists of - and clearly the hardware, and also, we have the simulation neutral Xcelium we are delighted after the launch, we have 90 customers adopted and then we have the hardware and now we have a protium, and so we have a complete suite going forward, many customers love that solutions.
John Wall: Great. Jay, I wouldn't add anymore to that. I think Lip-Bu has covered it all.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Monika Garg with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Monika Garg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. First question John, this 2018 ASC 606 is about 40 million negative impact, in 2019 is it fair to assume, you know you were saying 60% of the impact is this year that means next 2019 is probably close to somewhere 30 million to 35 million negative impact?
John Wall: Again, I like to say Monika that we would expect the difference between revenue under the new rules to gradually decline over time to be de minimis within two years.
Monika Garg: So, some in 2019 and then mostly zero?
John Wall: There is a very, very small difference in 2020, but it’s minimal.
Monika Garg: Got it. Okay, thank you. Then Lip-Bu IP grew strongly in the year, close to 17%, 18%, so and you made an acquisition also, which probably has 2018, but how to think about IP growth rate going forward? You think it could grow about low double-digit sustainability?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so I think in - first of all, I think that Q4 we are excited. For the whole year, IP grew 18% and under the leadership of Babu, and this outsourcing trend continuing and the other part is now clearly our refined strategy is really working, and we have assigned a couple of very important key contracts in the largest design IP, and then also clearly we have Tensilica is a really very good IP that has strong loyalty growth, and that apply into the whole machine learning, deep learning and neural networks and also the audio, in the vision processing application market. So, I think overall, I think we - like what we have and meanwhile this nusemi acquisition is strategically very important to us. As you all know, the scale out of the data center at high-speed SerDes is essential, and for the next generation of data center and Cloud, and this is a very, very talented team and we’re very, very happy to have them join us. Then we also have this Xilinx, and ARM, TSMC using the Cadence IP and Cadence tool for the 7 nanometer, also for the data center market, that silver market. So, I think overall, we kind of liked our IP portfolio and IP team, and also continue to look for the right IP that are really important to our vertical market. The STE market in the automotive, in the data center, and then also the defense, and aviation industry in the market, and that’s why we are kind of going the vertical part, and that’s where the growth is going to come from, and a lot for Cadence.
Monika Garg: John, the non-GAAP tax rate went lower, how about cash taxes, any change to that?
John Wall: Cash taxes around 11% to 12%, this is what the cash tax was for 2017. You will see that detail in the Form 10-K when we file it in a couple of weeks. And I would expect it to be may be slightly lower for 2018.
Monika Garg: Got it. Just the last one on emulation, you know grew very strongly in 2015 and 2016, 2017 slightly lower given two very strong years, how should we think about emulation given you talk about good backlog also going forward? Thank you.
John Wall: Right. So, well, as Lip-Bu mentioned hardware revenue is down for the year in 2017, but as we said before hardware is inherently lumpy business, and after a slow start to the year we’re pleased with the year the year turned out and we had a good finish and exited the year with good backlog, a very good backlog of orders. I would - we are very confident in the secular trend in demand for emulation capacity that continues. Palladium Z1 is still the most advanced, has the most advanced capabilities of any emulator in the market, and our existing customers continue adding more capacity. So, we feel good about our hardware business for 2018.
Monika Garg: Alright. So, we should expect it to kind of have returned to a good growth going forward?
John Wall: Monika at 7% revenue growth on an apples-to-apples basis, I think we would expect all product groups to grow in 2018.
Monika Garg: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mitch Steves: Hi guys. Just want to clarify questions on the acquisitions. Just to be clear, so you’re essentially messaging that the acquisition that did not contribute anywhere or more than 1% to the top line for 2018?
John Wall: We're not disclosing any more details at this time, but we will have further information in our Form 10-K in a couple of weeks.
Mitch Steves: Okay. And then secondly just to make sure on the [indiscernible] here, so we should just assume a $50 million buyback every single quarter, and I’m assuming that’s in the guidance as well?
John Wall: Yes.
Mitch Steves: Okay. And then one last small one just on the margin front, was that there any impact from the accounting change in margins as well?
John Wall: Of course, yes. You will see in our guidance. We have given our guidance it’s - it’s on the CFO commentary that is - we are guiding 27% operating margin under the new rules and it’s - the implied guidance under the old rules will be 28.4%.
Mitch Steves: Right. So, I guess my next question, if the margin ahead is going to go in the ratable subscription fees and not related to the hardware business, correct?
John Wall: The difference is just that 40 million of revenue. There is a minimal impact on expenses.
Mitch Steves: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks for taking my question. My first question is regarding the nusemi acquisition you are entering the 30s design IP space, now Broadcom is a very important customer, you mentioned, highlighted it on your call, they would end up becoming your competitor literally once you enter the market, do you see any kind of conflict entering the space?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, this is a very good IP on the data center and the demand is so strong and so and with a lot of respect for Broadcom, and then meanwhile there is some opportunity for us also. And we’re only going to license the IP.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then, can you just talk about your philosophy around this stock-based comp, it’s risen quite a bit as a percentage of your sales, it used to be like 3 to 4, now it’s about 7% to 7.5% of the sales, how should we think about stock comp going forward, and how should we think about stock dilution from employee stock grants going forward?
John Wall: All right Farhan, this is John. I mean stock is just one part of the overall compensation package and different companies have different mixes of the package.
Lip-Bu Tan : And then from Cadence, as I mentioned, the success we have because we continue to try the innovation. For that we attract and retain the best talent we can get, and so far it’s working well.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then one accounting question for John, I’m just trying to reconcile my model, the cash flow from operations is not going to be impacted because of the accounting change, yet the net income is going to be impacted. So, can you help me just understand like what’s the plug that’s different now that basically bridges the gap between the net income to the free cash flow? How we should think about it?
John Wall: So, Farhan total difference between ASC 606 and 605 results is that 40 million of revenue. That’s it, I think you need to just, if you go through your model and apply that - everything else is minimal. There is minimal impact on expenses and you’re correct. It’s just an accounting change. There is no difference to our cash from operations. There is no difference to how we go to market. There is no difference to how we bill or contract our business with customers.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then one last question on the Spectre impact, is any of your Tensilica IP impacted by the Spectre?
Lip-Bu Tan: Say again your question.
Farhan Ahmad: So, recently there was security issues for processors. Spectre, Meltdown. I'm just curious if Tensilica core IP, if there is any impact to your processors over there?
Lip-Bu Tan: One thing is, you know clearly the security is quite important at this stage. And then we protect our IP and data and the system and our customers very religiously and we are committed to that. And clearly the comprehensive design and verification had to be a lot more robust and we take good care of that, and so far, not one word we are okay.
Farhan Ahmad: Thank you. That's all I had.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Co. Your line is open.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Lip-Bu, I was wondering if you could give any more color around what sounds like some pretty good, I guess share gains inside of Broadcom sort of what’s driving that any more specifics in terms of the applications or technologies they are working at, geometries that are working at? And then, obviously Broadcom has made overtures towards Qualcomm. I'm just wondering how you think about that transaction if it were to happen? Could there be issues around pauses in spending or could it ultimately be, you think an opportunity presumably having lived through the prior Avago-Broadcom, maybe you have something to look back on that? Thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan: First of all, we have a lot of for Broadcom. It’s a very successful company run by Hock, and we are delighted. They embrace and invest into the digital platform we have in many of the advance notes projects. We are continuing to support them for their success, and in terms of the Qualcomm, Broadcom, both are very respected companies, and they are leader in their space, and I do not want to comment or speculate any of the impacts here.
Rich Valera: Got it. And I missed the second acquisition that I think you called out that you made in the systems space, what was that company?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, it's called SFM. It's innovative product, accelerate the advanced ECAD and MCAD and mechanical CAD in the library creations. And this is one of the very important step for us to expand our SDE into this mechanic tronics area. This is kind of part of a very important piece for us to move into the SDE for some of the vertical market we try to address.
Rich Valera: Got it. And then John, you said they are not accretive until I think 2019, are they actually dilutive in 2018?
John Wall: A little bit, yes.
Rich Valera: Okay. And will you actually have the expected revenue contribution in that K filing or what will you have incrementally on the revenue side in that K?
John Wall: I don't actually know right now, but like you say, our guidance includes everything, but we’ve taken everything into account in our guidance that - but I’m - we’ve been like I say it has been 40 days since the US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and it’s been like 40 days and 40 nights going through the tax reform and dealing with this change over new revenue rules. There was additional information going into the Form 10-K and we’re about two weeks away from filing. I would look to that.
Rich Valera: Fair enough. Thank you both.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Tom Diffely with DA Davidson. Your line is open.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. I was hoping to get a little information about some of these traditionally smaller end markets that seem to be growing, and hopefully if you could provide a little background as to where your exposure is now to advanced packaging in memory, how you have seen that grow recently, and what do you think about the future with some of the new changes that they’re going through?
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you, Tom, for asking this question. So, clearly you know the advanced packaging become more and more critical. We’re delighted, we have a very good offering beside the IC packaging, we also have the board level packaging, and on the silicon side, and on the 2.5D, 3D become more and more adopted by the customer and also the foundry panels, especially in some of this, like for example high-speed SerDes connectivity and then some of this, you know really had to try some of this packaging efficiency and we work very close with our foundry panels for the - you know some of this 2.5D packaging so that we can provide the overall solutions. And also, I think some of this 3D NAND and then the packaging has become more and more critical. That part I think we look very, very close to that. And then I mentioned earlier about the SerDes. When you move up every 100 gigs SerDes, the insertion loss is going to be critical. And again, some of this 2.5D and even Platonic packaging going to be very more important. And then so those are the things that we try to find solution to help enable our customers.
Tom Diffely: Can you give us some sense as how fast these markets have grown over the last year or two, and what you think the growth rate is going forward?
Lip-Bu Tan: Good question. Sometime it’s very hard to predict the growth rate, but I can tell you, we are way ahead on the 2.5D and 3D couple of years ago. And when we talk to the foundry partners and packaging company, they are telling us that while there is no customer request for it, but now when the customers having to request them and coming to us, so I think people are starting to realize the pinpoint [ph] there is all kinds of fine solution. We are delighted, we have some of the solution that they need to help them to design and drive packaging efficiency and drive some of the performance they need.
Tom Diffely: And then finally, do you have technologies to date to work kind of the next generation of memory, the NRAND and the different types of memory that potentially comes up over the next five years?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, memory become more and more critical and this whole data driven economy has a lot to do data and storage. And that is something I pay a lot of attention and we’re delighted. I highlight two of the three memory company are using our, you know FastSPICE simulator and then also the characterization of solutions, and also couple of them are working closely with us in some of our to-end [ph] solution we need. And we will continue to support our customer with all the, you know help them work closely with them, some of them need the IP, on the memory IP while supporting them, and some of them need the tool to drive some of the efficiency performance they need. And then some they need the packaging side. So, memory and data storage become more and more critical in this big data and data analytics and the machine learning deep learning. We pay a lot of attention to that.
Tom Diffely: Okay great, thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session today. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Lip-Bu for his closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, through consistent execution and innovation, we are well positioned to build on the positive momentum of our System Design Enablement strategy to enable the Data Driven Economy. I would like to thank all of our shareholders, customers, and partners, Board of Directors, and hardworking global employees for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Design Systems’ fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Senior Group Director of IR Lip-Bu Tan - President & CEO John Wall - Senior VP & CFO
Analysts: Krish Sankar - Bank of America Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets Farhan Ahmad - Crédit Suisse Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Gary Mobley - Benchmark Monika Garg - KeyBanc
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Jennifer, and welcome, everyone, to our third quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and John Wall, Senior Vice President and CFO. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com, and will be archived through December 15, 2017. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Next, please note that during today's -- next, please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings, and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. Note that this afternoon, we filed our 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial measures or results, which can be found in the Quarterly Earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. Additionally, a copy of today's press release dated October 26, 2017, for the quarter ended September 30, 2017, and related financial tables and our CFO commentary, which was included in our 8-K filing today, can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Today, following Lip-Bu's remarks, John Wall will present the financial results and outlook. Then Lip-Bu and John will be available during the question-and-answer period. And now I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Cadence achieved excellent operating results for the third quarter through consistent execution and broad-based proliferation and adoption of digital and signoff, custom-analog and IP solutions. John will provide more details on this in a few minutes. There is a favorable dynamic that is benefiting the semiconductor industry, EDA and Cadence, driven by growth in emerging technologies trends such as machine learning, IoT, edge computing and autonomous driving. Now let us take a closer look at our highlights from Q3, starting at the customer and ecosystem level. Cadence is collaborating with Xilinx, ARM and TSMC to build the first test chip for Cache Coherent Interconnect for Accelerators, or CCIX, using the TSMC 7-nanometer FinFET process. This chip contains Cadence IP and is designed using a full Cadence design flow. Applications such as big data analytics, search, machine learning and 5G wireless will benefit from CCIX. We signed an agreement with long-time customer, Dialog Semiconductor, where we have grown to become their prime EDA partner based on the strength of our mixed-signal solution, and they are now using our latest products in simulation and digital implementation. In Q3, we extended our collaboration with Hitachi for system design enablement, spanning chip-level to PCB-level mixed-signal designs with thermal analysis, hardware/software codesign, co-verification to address functional safety requirements. InvenSense business unit of TDK that develops sensor SOCs expanded their use of our mixed-signal design solution. TSMC recognized Cadence with 3 Partner of the Year awards for the joint development of both 7-nanometer FinFET Plus and 12-nanometer FinFET Compact design infrastructure as well as for joint delivery of automotive design enablement platform. Now I will move on to products highlights. Digital and signoff revenue grew 15% year-over-year in Q3, driven by increasing proliferation with market-shaping customers and broadening adoption by other customers. In terms of specific highlights. A global marquee company and a key IP partner expanded and deepened their investment in Cadence technology, including our digital solutions. Quantenna Communications, a leader in carrier-class WiFi chips, adopted our full digital flow, including Genus Synthesis, Innovus Implementation and Tempus for timing signoff. More than 80 customers have now deployed our digital and signoff products for advanced node designs, with more than 35 of those for 7-nanometer designs. IP revenue grew 14% year-over-year in Q3 as our refined synergy continues to achieve strong results under the leadership of Babu Mandava. In Q3, we expanded our relationship with a large Asian memory chip maker for LPDDR4, PCI Express Gen4, NAND flash PHYs and Tensilica DSPs, which is the foundation for their next generation platform. We delivered a comprehensive automotive IP portfolio for TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET automotive process technology that includes our flagship DDR and PCI Express PHYs price and controllers. Tensilica continues to be the market leader for audio signal processing, and adoption is growing for our DSPs that are tuned for vision and neural networks. In Q3, 10 customers licensed Tensilica IP, including 5 in China. Four of the 5 China customers were new. For system design and verification, momentum continue for Xcelium, our parallel logic simulator, which added more than 15 new customers in segments, including mobile, communication, storage and memory. More than 50 customers have now adopted Xcelium. Palladium Z1 is the most advanced emulator in the market. In Q3, building on the comprehensive software relationship, Marvell expanded its investment in Palladium Z1 to extend emulation use to all its engineering projects. The new Protium S1 FPGA-based prototyping system continues to gain traction in Q3 with 17 purchases, 9 of which were repeat orders. Revenue growth has been strong this year for our custom and analog design solutions, up 12% year-over-year for Q3, as increasing complexity is driving increased need of advanced node custom design and simulation solution. Our system interconnect and analysis solutions grew 7% year-over-year for Q3, with growth in PCB implementation, IC packaging and Sigrity power integrity analysis. Before turning to it to John, let me quickly summarize my comments. Consistent execution and broad-based proliferation and adoption of our solution drove excellent financial results. Semiconductors, EDA and Cadence are benefiting from a number of emerging technology trends. Proliferation of our digital and signoff solutions continues to grow with market-shaping customers, and adoption is broadening to other customers. IP growth has rebounded this year to over 10% with our refined strategy. Custom and analog growth is strong as both large and small customers have been adding capacity. John will now review the financial results and provide our outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone. Strong demand for our products and consistent execution enabled Cadence to deliver excellent operating results for the third quarter, highlighted by revenue, non-GAAP operating margin and EPS at or above the high end of our guidance range as well as strong cash flow. First, I will go through the key results starting with the P&L. Total revenue was $485 million, up 9% over the year-ago quarter. Digital and signoff, custom/analog and IP revenue were strongest, with functional verification modestly below the Q3 2016 level. The mix per revenue recognized over time was approximately 90%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27.5% as a result of higher software and IP revenue and continuing to maintain a diligent focus on cost. GAAP net income per share was $0.29, non-GAAP net income per share was $0.35, up 17% year-over-year. Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Cash and short-term investments were $682 million at quarter-end, of which $187 million was in the U.S. We had $650 million of long-term debt outstanding at quarter-end. We repurchased $50 million worth of Cadence shares in Q3, and we expect to continue repurchasing shares in Q4. Operating cash flow was $89 million, and DSOs were 34 days. Next, I will present the outlook for Q4 and fiscal 2017. For Q4, we expect revenue in the range of $490 million to $500 million, with approximately 90% of revenue expected to come from beginning backlog; non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 30%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.26 to $0.28; and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.38 to $0.40. Based on this Q4 outlook, we now expect fiscal 2017 to look like this: revenue in the range of $1.931 billion to $1.941 billion, non-GAAP operating margin of 27% to 28%, GAAP EPS in the range of $1.04 to $1.06, non-GAAP EPS of $1.39 to $1.41 and operating cash flow in the range of $450 million to $480 million. Please note that we increased our fiscal year outlook for revenue, EPS and cash flow. You will find guidance for additional items in the CFO commentary. Next, I want to discuss our preparations for the new revenue accounting standard known as ASC Topic 606, which Cadence is required to implement for fiscal 2018. My team and I have spent a lot of time on the new standard, previously, we said that we expect to substantially retain revenue-over-time treatment, and here is an update for where we stand today in our preparations. We expect our revenue-over-time mix to remain at approximately 90%. In the year of adoption, we expect that our revenue under the new standard will be slightly lower than under the old standard. This results from a one-time accounting adjustment to retained earnings upon adoption of the new standard. We are using the modified retrospective transition method, which means that during the year of adoption, we will report revenue under both the new and old standard for 2018. There will be no impact on cash flow or the economics of the business. By 2019, we do not expect a material difference in what revenue or expenses would have been under the old and new standard. Now to conclude my remarks, Cadence just completed a very strong quarter, we raised our numbers for the year, and I'm looking forward to working closely with Lip-Bu and the rest of the company to continue to drive more success going forward. And with that, operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Krish Sankar with Bank of America.
Krish Sankar: First one, John, just on the housekeeping on the ASC 606. In FY '18, would your ratable revenue still be around 90%? Or is it going to be a transition year?
John Wall: Yes, we continue to expect to remain at approximately 90% of the revenue over time.
Krish Sankar: And then on the op margin, it looks like you're doing pretty well like 27% or 28% this year, run rate of almost 30% in Q4. Should we expect the high 20s or trending towards 30% would be the new norm for op margins?
John Wall: At this point, we're not giving any guidance for 2018. Everything that we know was in our guidance for Q4.
Krish Sankar: And then a question for Lip-Bu. Sir, if you look like at the whole like industry, the memory industry is transforming dramatically, and there's more -- newer applications for memory being utilized. And you're also seeing the same thing happen in the logic foundry side of processing power and storage. I'm just trying to figure out like how does that impact Cadence in the long run? I understand that designs for memory has not been a big part of the mix for EDA companies in general, but I'm just curious, from a long-term general look at all these, like new things happening like AI, how does that improve computing or processing power and the storage power translate to EDA design for Cadence?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Krish, thank you for the questions. And this is a very important question. And then first of all, as you know, right now, with all the edge computing and all the big data analytics and storage and memory become more and more critical because of the latency and the local access, it's very critical. So to me, more and more become memory-centric designs for a lot of data center and edge computing. So memory become very important to us. And that's why I think we mentioned about an Asian big memory company adopting some of our key IPs beside the tools. And so we put a lot or more effort into the memory storage side because of this major trend that I see. In my remarks I mentioned about edge computing, the IoT and this autonomous driving, and that become critical. And so we have a lot to offer beside our DDR, the memory and other PCIe, so other key IP, and also the Tensilica become -- playing a very important role. And then the other part is also some of this -- our mixed-signal solution become critical to some of these memory players and the storage player. And there, we are excited about. And in fact, we announced Legato Memory Solution, that is the first integrated memory design and verification solution, it's to addressing what you describe the opportunity for us.
Krish Sankar: And then just a final question. Of your total revenue, what percentage is from systems? And what percentage of your total revenues is from the auto industry?
Lip-Bu Tan: So your question is how many percent of our revenue is system? And roughly about 40%-plus, and we don't have -- it's difficult to break down because some companies, they have the silicon, they also have the system and how to divide it. But I think the overall trend, as I mentioned earlier, beside the EDA, we are moving towards the system design enablement. And we target a couple of verticals that are very important to our future growth. And that's a huge opportunity for us, like automotive and ADAS-related application, same thing with the cloud data center and that are very exciting. And then the other part is this whole industrial IoT. And back to our question about storage and latency issue, and that, to me, is a very huge opportunity for us to pursue in some of these verticals growing and a much bigger TAM market for us.
Krish Sankar: If I can just squeeze one last, I apologize for this. Would -- like applications like ADAS, would you characterize this as systems? And would that be considered -- since it's part of silicon, it is part of your core EDA business?
Lip-Bu Tan: And for the ADAS, there are some companies that are providing the system. And in fact, in our last earnings call, we mentioned about ADAS system company using our PCIE Gen 4 IP on the new advanced 7-nanometer process. And so that's just one example of working with a system company, Tier one or OEM. And then the other part is very important to us, it's some of the semiconductor player. And we mentioned about the top 5 semiconductor companies in automotive. And automotive semiconductor companies are using our Cadence IP, and many of them are also using our mixed-signal design flow. And then some part of this automotive lidar application, they are using our Tensilica engine. For example, ROHM, last quarter, we've highlighted that. So I think all in all, you can slowly fully tracking us, how successful we are in some of these verticals we are going after and -- because of the trend changing, and this is exciting for us in terms of growing opportunity when we're pursuing our system design enablement strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets.
Mitch Steves: I had two. So the first one is kind of more on the ASP and how you're going to sell to your customers. So as the chips get more and more complicated, you go to, for example, MCM modules or GPUs and things like that. But do you guys have any ability to raise prices? Or how does the pricing mechanism work as the chips get more complex?
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think in terms of the EDA pricing, clearly, it's a competitive market, various -- from sector to sector and product to product. But clearly, we are very disciplined and value-driven. And I strongly believe in driving value by working closely with the customer, collaborating with the customer, and then deep partnership with our ecosystems. And then we raise price every 2 years, and very disciplined across all the product lines. So because chip is getting more and more complex, and then a lot of more design challenges and complexity. And that's why our tool shine because we want to really drive the technology leadership. In fact, last, in our -- since 2014, mid-2014 up to now, we have 25 organically developed new products. And customers love it because those new products are really disruptive and then help them to design very complex chip and simulate, verify quicker so that they can go to customer quicker. And so I think all our investment right now is starting to show the result now. You go look at digital, we're growing at 15%. And custom analog, even though we have a big market shares and we grew 12%; and then IP, we are growing at 14%. So all the investment we make in the most advanced nodes, the most competitive, rewrite some of our tools now the consumer really adopting and proliferating across all engineering organizations. So we are very pleased with that.
Mitch Steves: And then my second one is more geographic-focused. So China has been a lever of growth for you guys for a good couple of years now. Is there any change there? Is there additional investment? How do we think about that geography as we look at '18 and beyond? I'm not looking for guidance but maybe just the long-term trend if there's anything to be aware of that's changing either positive or negative?
Lip-Bu Tan: I think, first of all, China is a very fast-growing opportunity for us, and we are very well positioned in China. And as you all know, the China government is very committed to building their domestic semiconductor industry with a very, very heavy investment. And we are really well positioned there in terms of tool and IPs, and we work with all the leading customers. And I go there every month because it's critical next to U.S. And then China become a very big platform and opportunity. And then if you look at the global semiconductor growth, maybe a single-digit growth, but China is growing at 20-plus percent, with a lot of funding available. So I think, clearly, it's an exciting space, and we are doing well, and we continue to position and committed to that region.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farhan Ahmad with Crédit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: My first question is on the functional verification and emulation. The revenues there are dropping year-on-year for 3 quarters in a row. Can you just talk about what is happening in that market? And why are we not seeing growth?
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think on the verification side, we have this verification suite that consists of Jasper, for formal verification. And then the simulation, previously we had the Incisive, but we bought both Rocketick, and we completely rewrite the tool. And right now, we have Xcelium. This is a new tool where, I'll just highlight, we have more than 15 customers this quarter. And then we have a total of 50, 5-0, adopting and using our Xcelium. And we're excited about this new tool. And then on the Z1, Palladium is the most advanced emulator, and we continue -- we are very comfortable with the business, we are happy and are comfortable with that. And we highlight Marvell, adopting for audio engineering design projects. And then last quarter, we highlight HiSilicon, expanding their capacity. So it's a lumpy business but somehow we really like -- continue to be the best in the marketplace. And the other part is we're quietly building up the Protium is the FPGA-based prototyping. And that is using the same compiler so that we can be -- the customer can be scaling from the prototyping to our massive Palladium Z1, and they can really seamlessly work together. So we are kind of really focused on the verification suite with a couple of new products. Just like what we did in our digital a couple of years ago, we're going to continue driving the innovation. Some of these new products, customer love it. And we're going to continue engaging with them. And stay tuned, over time, you will see excellent performance from them.
John Wall: And Farhan, this is John here. I'll just remind you that last year was a record year for functional verification.
Farhan Ahmad: Is the decline from last year predominantly driven by hardware? Or is there something else going on?
John Wall: Yes, we're happy with the performance of our hardware business. The pipeline looks good, and we have a disciplined approach to converting that pipeline to revenue. The secular trend in demand for hardware capacity remains intact. But as Lip-Bu said earlier that with hardware, there may be some lumpiness to quarterly results.
Lip-Bu Tan: And overall, I think that we are very proud that the Q3 results and, clearly, our software that is recurring, doing very well, our IP, the refined strategy is working, and we are very confident -- and this quarter, year-to-year, I think we have 14% growth. We are confident we will exceed the 10% goal we set for the growth for this year.
Farhan Ahmad: And then 1 quick question on the IP side. You talked about Tensilica being used on the AI side. And the DSP technology has seen a sort of significant advantages when it comes to the power for compute, and it's very suited for the client applications of AI. So I just wanted to understand, what kind of opportunity do you see over the long term? And have you done any kind of market sizing in terms of how large that market could be potentially in 3 years from now for you?
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think overall, our IP refined strategy is really focused on the vertical market we try to go after and then, secondly, the most advanced process nodes and also the top tier customer that we are focusing on and making more standard off-the-shelf IP. Saying that, we also are quietly building up the star IP. Tensilica is one of the key star IPs. And because of their programmability and their low power and then very scalable, and it's very suitable for the IoT and machine learning for that edge computing. So that is something that, clearly, on the infant side of the -- that's where we are focusing, there's a lot of knowledge to be applied. And in fact, internally, our EDA tool, we're using the machine learning to apply to our tool to optimize the inference, we can draw the experience and be quicker to accelerate and come to a closure for that. So I think overall, the Tensilica is a good engine, it's a DSP engine, but how we're going to be on top of it in terms of the compiler, the kernel, the software, to optimize that, can work with other industry standard and players in the application layer. So I think clearly, there's a huge opportunity, especially in this whole machine learning, deep learning in a very broad sense, applying to very different vertical markets. And then meanwhile, we're also applying to our own tool and using that to really shine the product performance in the customer level.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Let me start with asking about your customer concentration, and that is if you could comment on trends in customer concentration. You typically had -- your top 10 customers account for about 40% to 50% of the business. You used to disclose that in terms of your accounts receivable. And it seems likely that you've probably developed a couple of customers in the last couple of years that are mid-single-digit percentage of the business. And so could you talk about the direction of that concentration? Do you think that you'll see more customers accounting for a larger percentage of the business? Or do you think the business may gravitate towards perhaps being more spread out, so to say? And is there any connection -- this one's for John, is there any connection between customer mix and rev rec implications of 606? In other words, is there anything about a systems customer and perhaps they are predisposition to buy hardware that might somehow mitigate the effects of 606 as compared to, let's say, semiconductor customers?
Lip-Bu Tan: So I will address the first portion on the customer concentration, and then John will address the 606 impact. So on the customer concentration, I'm very pleased to let everyone know, we have no customer more than 5% of our revenue. And so we have a very broad customer base, and so there's no single customer of more than 5%. And so overall, I think we're excited about the broad distributing area. And then the other part, clearly, when we are moving up from semiconductor, right now pursuing a lot of systems customer, and then now moving to the hyperscale web services and then the service providers, we can now even broaden that customer base and with a lot of really marquee names, and real customer-shaking -- market-shaping customers. So I think all in all, we are in a very good position. We like what we have, and we continue to grow with our customer as we grow our business. And so it's a very diversified semiconductor. And don't forget, we also have a very strong analog mixed-signal, and then also in the PCB side, the customer is in the thousands. And so we are very broad and have a very stable customer base that we have. So mixed-signal analog, and then the PCB, give us a very strong base. And then we're pursuing the most advanced process nodes, most complex digital, and we are getting a lot of traction on the Tier 1 customer. So I think overall, the broadening of our customer base is widening adopting our products. So I think we are very pleased with what we have, and we'll continue to build on that. And then, John, maybe you can share the 606 impact?
John Wall: Yes, thanks, Lip-Bu. And Jay, I would just add there to the commentary that Lip-Bu gave you that if you're looking at our AOR and our DSOs that it will give you a misleading view of customer concentration because our AORs, our DSOs are normally really good. But -- and we'll contain all of our customer base. But as Lip-Bu said, it's the top customers, like 5% to 6%, and that top 25 customers of Cadence, top 40 customers of Cadence make up about 25% of our revenue. And looking at 606, comparing systems versus semi, how it applies to systems versus semi customers, our software licenses -- because our software licenses are used in an industry in which technologies change rapidly, we're required for most of our arrangements to take revenue over time. That's not going to change going forward. Like you said, we expect to -- our revenue, over time, mix to remain at approximately 90%. I wouldn't expect that to differ based on whether the customer is a systems customer or a semi customer.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Just to finish up on emulation. Remind us what your thoughts were for the year in terms of how you thought emulation would play out for 2017. Your 10-Q shows that your hardware cost of revenues were down year-over-year. But if we ex out the inventory adjustment in the third quarter last year, there would otherwise be an organic increase in your cost of revenue for hardware. A list of some of that is for the build for Protium, maybe for Palladium as well. So you might have had some growth, it looks like, year-over-year in emulation. But would it be fair to say that perhaps you held back deliberately on emulation because you would upside elsewhere in the business? And that you mentioned your disciplined pipeline approach. I think John, perhaps we could read between the lines there to suggest that you didn't really need hardware revenues per se to make the quarter and that you kind of held back into Q4.
John Wall: Jay, what I would say to that is that -- I mean like we always said, we have a disciplined and value-driven approach to pricing on our hardware business. Our margins for Q3 were better than they were in the first half, so I wouldn't read too much into lower cost of goods sold. I'd like to say we're happy with the performance of our business. The pipeline looks good. That disciplined approach is helping us convert that pipeline to revenue. The secular trend in demand for hardware capacity remains intact. And although there may be some lumpiness in the quarterly results from time to time, like I said, we're happy with the business. It's just that, like I say, I'll remind you that we're comparing against a record year last year.
Operator: Your next question is from Gary Mobley with Benchmark.
Gary Mobley: Congrats on the promotion, John. I want to start with the question about deferred revenue, both short and long-term. It looks like those metrics have decreased now 3 consecutive quarters and the dollar value isn't tiny either as a percentage of what you typically report for year-end backlog. So I'm wondering if you could share with us if that's an indicator of overall backlog trends. And then specifically, which product group generally has or generally carries the most upfront payments and, hence, deferred revenue.
John Wall: I wouldn't read too much into it, generally. But at Cadence, we try to match revenue timing with cash flows and with the -- generally, the economic value transferred to customers. But -- so deferred revenue from -- in any 1 quarter is just a reflection of our timing of billings.
Gary Mobley: And Lip-Bu, I know you're probably tired of answering the question about customer consolidation and whatnot, but I'll ask the question in a slightly different way. We've got a couple of different crosscurrents in the chip industry, which affects your merchant going to chip customers. We've got even up to now contribution from growth in the memory industry, 10%, 12% growth in everything else, which is the best growth that we've seen since 2010. On the other hand, we have a lot of chip industry consolidation continuing maybe to a slower pace. Could you just think about those crosscurrents in the context of your addressable market opportunities measured in licensable software seats and the trends you're seeing there?
Lip-Bu Tan: Clearly, we're mindful of this customer consolidation. So far, nothing material right now. We successfully managed through all these consolidation with very minimal impact in the revenue for 2017. And clearly, we are growing the business, and complexity of design is increasing. And then all this consolidation, actually, we're managing it well, and we continue to grow the business. And as I mentioned in the previous question, we have no customer more than 5%, 6% of our revenue, and so it's very broad. And now with the system in automotive and in the data center, edge computing and IoT, we are adding on new customers, and I think expanding some of the new customer, and they are also doing acquisitions.  So along the way, I think we -- so far, knock on wood, we continue to do well, and we love to have great customer growing with us. And meanwhile, we are growing also. So in a way, the percentage is not depending on 1 or 2 customers. And so in a way, it's a more healthy portfolio we have.
Operator: And your final question comes from Monika Garg with KeyBanc.
Monika Garg: Sorry, I also have one on emulation. Last -- on your last call, you had talked about that emulation kind of was weak. Then your expectation in first half, and you expect the emulation to peak in the second half. But your Q3 is absolutely actually lower year or -- Q-on-Q. So maybe could you add some color there?
John Wall: Monika, this is John. On the Q2 earnings call, we've said that we expected hardware to be a little stronger for the second half. And as you know, we've also said many times that the hardware business is inherently lumpy in nature. And at times, visibility can be challenging. We believe Z1 remains the most advanced emulator in the market. And in Q3, some large customers, including Marvell, expanded their Z1 capacity. We're happy with how our hardware business is currently positioned. And to reiterate, our overall business did great in Q3, with software and IP being particularly strong, and we've increased the outlook for the year.
Monika Garg: It's 7 months since close of Mentor acquisition, have you seen any change in competitive dynamics in the market and especially, given Siemens is not really in the semiconductor industry?
Lip-Bu Tan: So first of all, Monika, thank you for the questions. So first of all, Siemens is a very great company and their revenue is over $100 billion, a lot of respect for them and in their management team. And so Mentor remains to be competitive under the Siemens leadership. We continue to have a lot of respect, and we're monitoring very closely in terms of their product line and the hardware emulation that we heard about. But so far, we -- a lot of respect, looking forward to see what they have.
Monika Garg: Then Lip-Bu, last one here. We have seen a lot of trends in the industry, industrial IoT, autonomous driving, more silicon content in autos, machine learning, artificial intelligence. Maybe could you talk about how these trends impact EDA industry in general and, specifically, how big it could impact Cadence?
Lip-Bu Tan: In fact, that's what I highlight in our remarks. And we are very excited about all these emerging technology trends, just mentioned a few. I think the machine learning, deep learning, I think we are just seeing the beginning of it. The big companies doubled down in some of these machine learning, deep learning development. There's also a whole suite of new startups and that -- we see them almost every other day. And the new startups, they are exploring some of these new architecture compiler, the linear scaling of some of the silicon, and we are excited to support them in terms of tool, IPs, to provide them for their success. So the big and small companies are really addressing that. Same thing with the autonomous driving. A lot of sensor companies, from camera to right now, the lidar, and really driving some of the scale in terms of refraction on the lidar improvement. And also the range, the 200-meter and beyond, so that move towards the level 4, level 5. I'm looking forward to the day I don't have to drive my car and it would drive by itself. So I think those are really exciting, and there's a lot of development in terms of big companies doing that. And then some startups are doing that, and we are very well positioned to make sure that they use our Cadence flow to do that. And then the other thing of this whole machine learning, deep learning, also apply into this IoT and also for very low power and then driving some of this edge computing beyond the cloud. The cloud, they are doing great. And now they also have this meter and the gateway, they are more intelligent. There's a lot of companies that are pursuing that, and we are delighted and well positioned to have them use our tool and IP to win that. And so all in all, I think those are really exciting. That ties in very well with our system design enablement strategy that we kind of, over the years, have been building and refining. And right now, we can really capture the market, and that's why you see the growth that we have in our tools and IP, we're excited about that.
Monika Garg: Lip-Bu, is there any way quantitatively to size it like it adds 100 basis points, grow 200 basis points, how to think in a quantitative manner?
Lip-Bu Tan: I think a little bit too early. And also, we haven't spent time on looking at that. We are so busy on engaging with our customer and to make sure that they get the tool optimized for their design. And also, we haven't really quantified it. But I think when we have plenty of time, we will definitely look into it. But so far, the opportunities are really exciting. We are extremely busy to work with them.
Operator: And we have no further questions. Thank you at this time. And I would like to turn the call back over to Lip-Bu Tan for any closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, through innovation and execution, we are well positioned to build on the success of our system design enablement strategy to further proliferating our solution with a broader base of customers. I would like to thank all our shareholders, customer and partners, Board of Directors, and my dear executive team and hard-working employees for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Design Systems Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Lip-Bu Tan - President and CEO Geoff Ribar - SVP and CFO John Wall - Corporate VP Finance and Controller Alan Lindstrom - Senior Group Director, IR
Analysts: Rich Valera - Needham and Company Jackson Ader - JPMorgan Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson Monika Garg - KeyBank Pacific Crest
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Devon and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Devon, and welcome everyone, to our second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. With me today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO; and John Wall, John Wall, Corporate Vice President Finance and Controller. The web cast of this call can be accessed through our web site, cadence.com, and will be archived through September 15, 2017. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our web site at the conclusion of today's call. Before we start, I want to call your attention to our CFO commentary, which was included in our 8-K filing today and is available on our Investor Relations web site at cadence.com. The CFO commentary should be referenced with both today's conference call remarks and the earnings press release issued today. Next, please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. Also note, that this afternoon we filed our 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1, 2017. In addition to the financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to review results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our web site. Additionally, a copy of today's press release dated July 24, 2017 for the quarter ended July 1, 2017 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our web site. Today, following Lip-Bu's remarks, John Wall will present the financial results and outlook. Then Lip-Bu, John and Geoff will all be available during the question-and-answer session. Now I'll it over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. We are steadily executing our system design enablement or SDE strategy. SDE offers additional growth opportunity, as we expand beyond semiconductors and tap into significantly larger markets with system companies and vertical market segments, such as automotive, aerospace and defense. In Q1, we booked our largest design IP contract ever with a major customer in automotive semiconductor sector. In Q2, this momentum continued with an ADAS system company licensing our PCIe Express gen-IV IP on the new 7 nanometer SoC; and another major customer licensing Tensilica for automotive radar application. Also in the automotive space, Rohm adopted our ISO 26262 compliant functional safety verification solution, and we received ISO-26262 certification for our PCB flow. Overall, four of the top five automotive semiconductor companies are now using Cadence IP. In aerospace and defense, adoption of our Palladium Z1 emulation system increased with purchases by several significant system customers, providing integrated system level solutions is also a key goal of our SDE strategy. In Q2, we released the Virtuoso system design platform, which optimize design integration between our chip, package and board flows. We also expanded our partnership with MathWorks through a new integration between Virtuoso ADE and MATLAB, that will enable customers to accelerate analysis of large data sets, when modifying custom RF and mixed signal design. Digital and signoff revenue grew 14% year-over-year, driven by growing proliferation with market shaping customers. Innovus is rapidly becoming the implementation solution of choice for CPU, GPU and SoC designs for networking, wireless, consumer, automotive and IoT. In addition to the momentum on the digital products that increasing traction on the adoption of the full flow by digital and mixed signal customers. Our full digital flow is now used by over 70 customers, performing advanced node design, including more than 20 full flow customers designing at the 7 nanometer nodes. Next, I want to talk about our IP business, which is the key element of our SDE strategy. As we have stated, the IP market opportunity remained strong, due to growing [indiscernible] trend. IP revenue grew 15% year-over-year as our refined strategy gains momentum. Multiple smart speakers are using Tensilica processor for AI, audio, and Wi-Fi. In Q2, we had multiple Tensilica Vision processor wins for drone, handset and industrial applications, and we introduced the Tensilica Vision C5, is the first dedicated rural network DSP IP. Now for system design and verification; while overall, hardware revenue was less than anticipated for the first half, we expect hardware revenue to be a little stronger for the second half. Palladium Z1 remains the most advanced emulator on the market. In Q2, we expanded our partnership with HiSilicon on Palladium Z1 with significant add-on on emulation capacity. We are also pleased with the earlier customer reception of Protium S1 FPGA-Based prototyping system. Momentum continued, as we received an important endorsement of our technology and integrated hardware approach, with a competitive win at the leading North American semiconductor company, that is one of the largest users of the Palladium Z1. Overall, we have several repeat orders and five new logos. Before turning over to John, let me quickly summarize my comments. Consistent execution drove excellent financial results for Q2. System design enablement is expanding our opportunity and expanding our customer reach. Software and IP were particularly strong and proliferation of our digital and sign-off solutions is growing with market shaping customers. We continue to innovate and introduce new products like Tensilica Vision C5 DSP targeted at neural network applications. Now I will turn the call over to John to review the financial results and provide our outlook.
John Wall: Thanks, Lip-Bu and good afternoon everyone. Consistent execution drove excellent financial results for the second quarter, highlighted by revenue near the high end of our guidance range and operating margin, EPS and operating cash flow, all exceeding expectations. Specifically, here are some key results for the quarter; total revenue of $479 million; non-GAAP operating margin was 27%; GAAP net income per share was $0.25; non-GAAP net income per share was $0.34; and operating cash flow was $162 million. Also, please note that the recurring revenue mix was approximately 90%; DSOs were 31 days, down six days from Q1 on strong collections. Our DSO target remains approximately 35 days. For geographies and products, Asia continued as our fastest growing region, with revenue up 18% year-over-year. As Lip-Bu mentioned, digital and sign-off revenue was up 14% year-over-year, as we benefit from proliferation with market shaping customers and IP continued to rebound from 2016, with revenue up 15%. Functional verification revenue was down from last year, as overall hardware revenue was less than anticipated for the first half. However, we expect hardware revenue to be a little stronger for the second half. Now let's turn to our outlook. We are increasing our revenue and EPS outlook. For fiscal 2017, we now expect revenue in the range of $1.91 billion to $1.95 billion; non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 27%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.98 to $1.04; non-GAAP EPS of $1.36 to $1.42; and operating cash flow in the range of $430 million to $470 million. For Q3, we expect revenue in the range of $475 million to $485 million; non-GAAP operating margin of 26% to 27%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.24 to $0.26; and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.33 to $0.35. Approximately 90% of revenue is expected to come from beginning backlog. You will find guidance for additional items in the CFO commentary. Next, I will take a moment to review our capital allocation priorities. As we have said before, the company regularly reviews its capital structure, balancing our needs for investment, the appropriate level of risk for our business model and operating environment; maintaining adequate liquidity and the opportunity to return cash to shareholders. In January of this year, the board authorized the repurchase of $525 million of our common stock. We did not repurchase shares in the first half of the year, but we do expect to repurchase some shares in Q3. I also want to provide a few additional comments before we take questions. As a reminder, hardware and IP have become a larger portion of our business, which may lead to more variability in our results from quarter-to-quarter. Only about 5% of our revenue is in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Japanese yen. But about 30% of our costs are in currencies other than the dollar. So weakening dollar would generally be a headwind to operating profits, and conversely, a strengthening dollar would be a tailwind. The dollar further weakened in Q2, but so far, we have been able to manage through this challenge. As you know, we have been reviewing the new revenue recognition standard that we will implement for 2018, and we are confident that we will substantially maintain recurring revenue or revenue over time treatment. To conclude, we are pleased with our second quarter results, including strong financial performance, software and IP growth, and growing proliferation of our digital and sign-off solutions with market shaping customers. Looking forward, we are excited about the new opportunities resulting from our system-design enablement strategy, and we are confident that we will continue to drive strong financial and operating results. And with that operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Rich Valera with Needham. Please go ahead. Your lines is open.
Rich Valera: Thank you. First question, it relates to the decision to start buying back stock. I think as recently as a few weeks ago, in public appearances, some management were saying that, you guys were going to be doing a five year strategic plan, and sort of at the conclusion of that, you decide whether you'd be starting to buy back stock or not. So I am taking based on your decision, that you have actually kind of concluded that plan. So I am wondering, if there is anything you can share with us about that plan, as it relates to opportunities for M&A on your side, presumably that you are buying back stock. I guess you might conclude that you don't see much opportunity for M&A. But just wondering if you can share anything about that five year strategic plan and how it relates your decision to start buying back stock? Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Rich, this is Lip-Bu. First of all, I think just wanted to highlight that last year, we completed our $1.2 billion repurchase program, and then the board have approved and authorized $525 million buyback in 2017. And then clearly, our approach usually is focused on business requirement, and also the appropriate risk along to -- [indiscernible] to business model and operating environment, and we also want to provide the flexibility for us to continue to execute a plan, and clearly returning to capital -- return to the shareholder is top priority from my point of view. So overall, I think we continue to review that and with our board. The board just approved a new purchase, starting in Q3.
Rich Valera: Okay. And I guess, I'd like to move on to hardware/emulation. You mentioned it was a little lighter in the first half than you had expected. If you could just comment on why it was lighter, and if there has been any competitive changes in the markets particularly, as it relates to mentors, new strato platform? And then presumably, something came in stronger than you expected in the first half, I am wondering if that's IP or digital, that sort of backfilled for that slightly lighter hardware revenue? Please comment on that. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure, thank you, Rich. On the hardware side, clearly, we didn't do as well as we had anticipated in the first half. As you know, this is a very lumpy business, and we expect to do a bit stronger in the second half. And saying that, I think clearly, we are still the most advanced emulator on the market, and our capacity can scale up to 9.2 billion gigs and a concurrent 2,300 plus users. So clearly, it's still very well received, 16 out of top 20 semiconductor using them, our hardware emulation. Nine out of 10 smartphone players are using the hardware Z1. So overall, I think we are happy with our product offering, and now we have the S1 [ph], that is the prototyping FPGA versions, and that is -- very good and encouraging reception from our customers. We mentioned above, repeat orders, and also we have five new logos, and using the same compiler, so that customers have that flexibility from FPGA to very scalable hardware platform. And so I do overall we like what we have, which is to continue executing, just to highlight, it's a very lumpy business. Saying that, I think Q2 is a good quarter for us. The software, we have done quite nicely. And then just to highlight a few points, the digital side, we are growing year-to-year 14%. IP, with a renewed focus, we grew 15% year-to-year, and then custom analog, we are clearly the leader, we grew 9% year-to-year, and then the SPB, 7% growth. So overall, software and IP is very strong, and hardware is just a very lumpy business, and we continue to really focus on customer requirement and customer focus. And so stay tuned second half, a little bit stronger.
Rich Valera: Okay. Thank you, Lip-Bu. Appreciate it.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jackson Ader with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jackson Ader: Hey guys. Yeah, it's Jackson on for Sterling tonight. If we can just circle back to the buyback that you're anticipating to start in the third quarter. So what exactly is different about the third quarter, the second half of 2017 versus the first half, when you were expected not to repurchase any shares?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. As I mentioned earlier, last year, we completed a very big $1.2 billion of buyback. And the board, even though approved for the $525 million for this year. And clearly, we want to have the flexibility. Clearly, the timing, you have to reflect on the business market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, and also look at the acquisition opportunity and other factors. So I think we put that into total picture. We discussed at length in every quarter with our board. We decided that Q3 is -- we are going to -- starting to buy.
Jackson Ader: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up; within functional verification and hardware which you just mentioned, were there any deals that maybe you expected to close from the first half, that slipped into the second half, or do you just see more demand building in the second half of the year?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. I think clearly, as I mentioned it's a lumpy business. But still the most advanced emulator. So we continue to work with the customer and we basically also want to drive the value, in terms of the customer needs, and make sure that we fulfill them. And meanwhile, we don't want to sell aggressively than to clearly just want to meet the customer requirement, hardware which [indiscernible] plan is a long term business.
Jackson Ader: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mitch Steves: Hey, thanks guys. Just two quick questions for me. So actually kind of first on the strategic side; I know you guys are looking for a new CFO. Do you guys mind just providing a quick update on the process there?
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. First off all, Geoff committed to March 2018. So we have enough time to get the best CFO on board. And in saying that, clearly, we have strong internal talents, and also, we continue looking at the very -- we have access to the high qualified external talent. Geoff commit to me [ph] have a smooth transition, and so we continue to work on that, and that is kind of our game plan.
Mitch Steves: Got it. And then secondly, I am going to circle back to the hardware side of it. I think that just generally speaking, Mentor should be losing share it seems like to both you guys and Synopsys; and my basic understanding is that, you guys are actually more comparable in terms of the emulator and what products you compete against, particularly in the smartphone side. So I guess, why would that slow down, I guess this quarter and then reaccelerate next quarter?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, as I mentioned, it's a very lumpy business and we continue to drive value in terms of customer requirement. And also, it's a place that, based on their capacity requirement, we want to plan properly on that. But a lot of respect for our competitor Synopsys and Mentor, and so clearly, we are keeping a close eye. Meanwhile, we just continue executing our plan on hardware emulation and also our newly introduced S1 on the FPGA prototyping and using the same compiler and then we can scale on both side. So stay tuned, and we continue to execute and meet the customer requirement.
Mitch Steves: Perfect. Another great quarter. Thanks guys.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Farhan Ahmad: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. My first question is on the hardware side. On the emulation, your first half sales are coming in a little bit stronger, and then I look at Synopsys, they are the hardware sales that are actually coming in quite a bit stronger. So is there some market shift going on firstly between you and Synopsys? And secondly, can you talk about what are the end markets that you saw weakness in, and what gives you the confidence that it comes back in the back half of the year?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. So I think -- first of all, I think the hardware emulation side, as I mentioned, we have a lot of respect for our competitors, Mentor and Synopsys. Clearly, on the hardware emulation side, we compete more with Mentor. Clearly, we continue to be the most advanced emulator in the marketplace. So it's more the timing of the customer requirement. On the Synopsys side, clearly a lot of respect for them. They have the FPGA versions, and clearly, we have our own S1 FPGA. And so earlier reception from our customer is very encouraging. As I mentioned, we have repeat orders, and also have five new logos that we are very proud of. And in fact, I mentioned that also, one very important point, it's a very important endorsement technology wise and hardware integration approach, with a very competitive win at the leading North American semiconductor company that is very large -- one of the largest user of Palladium Z1. But they endorse us on the FPGA S1, and that is a very-very important endorsement. Hopefully, we will continue that momentum, and then scaling it up.
John Wall: And Farhan, this is John Wall here. I'd just like to add that and remind you that, Q2 2016 was a record year for hardware, and that we continue to see a secular trend, and increasing customer need for emulation and acceleration products. But just want to point out.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. Thank you. And then for the emulation business, do you still expect it to be a growth for you this year? Because if I recollect correctly, at the beginning of the year, you were expecting that the business will grow?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. As I mentioned, the first half didn't do as well as we had anticipated. But as I mentioned, we expect it to -- little stronger in the second half.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then in terms of the growth that we are seeing in digital and then system interconnect, you have pretty impressive growth there, more than 15% year-on-year. How sustainable is that, and how should we think about that portion of the business in the second half of the year?
Farhan Ahmad: Yeah. Very good question. We are very proud of our innovation approach to our digital flow. As I mentioned in my remarks and the -- Innovus, it became the platform of choice for the place and route for multiple applications, and that has a very big platform. And so, we are very excited about that in terms of the performance, area, power and then also the runtime. You clearly see the big improvement and customer adoption is very rapidly, with the market shaping customers. And so we are very encouraged on that. And then second part is, clearly, our other part of the digital flow, the Genus and on the Synthesis side and Voltus on the timing, the Tempus on the sign-off and the power, so I think those, and I will come together with our new tool, Pegasus, we have a really end-to-end pool flow and we are very excited, 70 customers are endorsing us and using our improved rating on the full flow. And we are extremely excited, 20 of them are for the 7 nanometer. So overall, I think we are excited about digital flow, and the custom analog side, 9% is very-very strong for the analog and custom flow, and clearly, we are the leader on that. And then the -- even with a little bit less and anticipated on the hardware side, our form of verification, Jasper have been great. And then, our Xcelium, that is a simulation with Rocketick integrated new tool, we have more than 20 customers adopting, and we are scaling and we will continue to drive the performance and scalability and capability. And so I think overall, I think, we have pretty good solution for the most advanced node for the digital and the mixed signal customer, and so we are excited about the overall portfolio on the software and also the IP also coming up very strong.
Farhan Ahmad: Thank you. That's all I had.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Good evening. Couple of short term questions to start; first for Geoff and John, then [indiscernible] question for Lip-Bu. For Geoff and for John, you reiterated your cash flow guidance for the year. Yet, through the first half of the year, you have already done about 60% of the low end of your guidance range for cash flow, and I am wondering, what you are seeing in the second half of the year, that perhaps cash flow might be less than in the first half, hence the reiteration of the current range? And then secondly, back to the emulation question, just to clarify what you mean by stronger, is that -- it increased in absolute terms, first half to second half, or are you talking about year-over-year increase in the second half versus pretty easy comp versus second half of last year? And in order for you to grow your emulation business for the year, it looks like your second half would have to be up by about a third in total or more, if you could comment on that?
John Wall: So Jay, this is John, I will take that first question on the cash flow. I'd just point you to the DSOs, that we had a six day decrease in DSO from Q1. A number of large payments came in after the end of the first quarter, driving a more favorable comparison between the quarters. So Q2 ended up being a very strong quarter for us, for collections. But so you will see a little bit more, a shift to the first half for cash collections. But our guidance reflects our confidence in the business, and takes into account everything we know at this time. So we reiterated the cash flow guidance.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. And Jay, on the hardware side, as I mentioned, the first half is lower than anticipated. As I mentioned, is a very lumpy business, and we expect to do a little stronger in the second half. That's what we see in the -- and again, we want to really preserve the value, and we want to make sure that we provide and protect the value, rather than just selling for whatever price. So we want to keep the value, and then drive a more manageable growth.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: For you Lip-Bu, a couple of market and customer questions. Number one, is about the length of your current product cycles or adoption cycles. We have seen now, for the past roughly two years that the implementation business, both yours and Synopsys' have done well, and I am wondering how long you think this cycle might last? The reason I ask it that way is, when we look at the last big product cycle for you in PCB, that lasted for about three years, 2012 to 2015? And I know it's not the same technology or even the same customers necessarily, but you think that maybe just another year or so to go, to fulfill this adoption or upgrade cycle and implementation, then you are going to have to see some other category pick up?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. It's a good question, Jay, and clearly, as you know, the complexity of the design is increased substantially, when you move down the geometry to 10 to seven to five, and we are very aggressive on the -- the 10 to seven and five and beyond. And so clearly, this is -- we are very committed to drive the technology leaderships, and so we continue to drive the innovation. I am very proud of my team, that in the last three years, we have 23 organically developed products that are very disruptive, and that's why we continue to drive the success in the implementation. As I mentioned, complexity has increased. So I don't see any slowdown, and also some of the new exciting application, in terms of machine learning, deep learning, cloud infrastructure changes, and then the whole opportunity in autonomous driving, on the automotive side. And so I think all are going to be driving new runtime, the new performance, power is going to be a big challenge, and then we continue to innovate, continue working closely with the customer, providing the best tool and [indiscernible] first time pass requirements. So I think overall, the adoption cycle, I don't see any slowdown, and because of this -- or this new requirement, the complexity, and also the more deeper advanced nodes, that doubling, tripling pattern. So I think all in all, I think I am excited about the future, and I think most important for Cadence, is to try the leadership in technology. And with that, we are really-really focused on customer, make sure that we are trusted upon for them to go forward, and they can count on us to go forward.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thank you very much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Krish Sankar: Yeah hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a good quarter. I had a few of them, first one either for Lip-Bu or John; I mean, I don't want to ask the same question on buyback, but I am trying to figure out a different way. Your capital allocation or capital return policy; in the last six months, you didn't do any buyback, and there is always speculation, whether it's a takeover or M&A happening or something. So from your standpoint, why weren't you considering a dividend, so that, you don't have to worry about timing the buyback?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, so Krish, I think clearly, capital allocation is a topic that every board meeting I discuss with my board. Geoff and I, and John, this is a topic that we review quarterly. And so, in terms of buyback, in terms of dividends, and all this have been discussed with our board. But so far right now, the board authorized for $525 million buyback, and we review that, provide the flexibility, we look at our business requirement, and then after that $1.2 billion buyback we completed last year, we decided in Q3, we are going to start buyback again.
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. All right. And then on your hardware business, can you roughly say the split between emulation and FPGA prototyping, is it like an 80-20 split or am I in the ballpark?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, we don't provide the breakdown. As you can [indiscernible], we don't want to give the information to our competitors. But clearly, hardware emulation is our current volume productions. And the S1, we just announced recently, and then we are excited with the earlier reception from our customer with repeat orders and then with five new logos and then one very important and very strong competitive win, that enable to use our FPGA and they adopt us and that will be carrying the momentum going forward.
John Wall: And Krish, this is John here. I just want to add that, we have great products in the hardware space. And note, that we delivered excellent financial results for Q2, software and IP were both strong, and we increased our outlook for the year. So software and hardware in the first half is only part of what is a really good story.
Krish Sankar: Got it. And then a final question for Lip-Bu, if you look at the market, obviously, you have all these exciting technologies, like AI and deep learning, autonomous driving. Is there a way you can quantify what the EDA or Cadence opportunity is? Either as a percentage of the market size for AI or a percentage of -- or a dollar value of the percentage of what the chip market could be for those? Is there a way you can help us quantify the EDA opportunity in this trend?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. It's a good question. It will be difficult for us to quantify it at this moment, but I can share some of my excitement. Clearly, the machine learning, deep learning AI, could be changing our semiconductor industry, and then the application is very broad. And then autonomous driving is just one of the application. Machine learning, deep learning, that can be a very huge impact to the datacenter in cloud infrastructure. And then also for the industrial IoT, and even the medical genomic sequencing, and then there is a lot of compute that our brain can function that fast, and with so much data; and as you know, the big data is massively -- is a lot of data from -- not just compute, and also from video is massive, and then clearly, the next 10-20 years, the data is going to be -- how to manage a data is going to be the biggest opportunity and challenge. And so that can be a lot of implication to our customer and customers, and that they had the design, based on that to do the data analytics from training to influence. So they are going to be a new requirement for a lot of our EDA solution to provide them to optimize their calculation and data management. So, we are excited about it, and it's very hard to quantify and stay tuned. And if we have the insight, we'd like to share with you. But right now, it's just an exciting opportunity in this emerging new market. The application is going to be very broad and is very exciting.
Krish Sankar: All right. Thanks Lip-Bu. Thanks John.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Diffely with DA Davidson. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Diffely: Yeah, good afternoon. Just following up on that last question, when we get into an environment, and guys like NVIDIA are building these huge chips, is the bigger opportunity for you on the hardware side, or do you think the EDA software side is a bigger opportunity on an incremental basis?
Lip-Bu Tan: Very good question, and clearly, we have a lot of respect for NVIDIA, and what they have done is fabulous for the industry, continued that innovation engine that they have. And so, seeing in general, I think clearly, the machine learning, deep learning, as I mentioned, it's a huge impact to our semiconductor industry. Besides, the memory that we are now seeing a lot of impact into the memory side, again, tied into that whole data management and the storage related area. So I think on the -- back to your question in terms of NVIDIA as an example, and then broadly into the whole AI machine learning, not just the hardware. Hardware is just for the verification, whatever the design, but a lot are going to be driving the IP, like our Tensilica will be a very great platform, because it's programmable, low power, and is very good for a lot of industrial application for autonomous driving that I highlighted in my remarks, and also for the whole datacenter cloud infrastructure. So I think they are going to require more optimization from a true point of view, and also the speed and the runtime of our design flow, and the most advanced note. And so those massive parallelism is going to be critically required, and that's why we are excited, we are so well positioned in terms of many of our new tools, completely rewrite, able to scale to massive parallel in terms of processor core to optimize the solution that the customer is looking for, and that is something that we are very well positioned.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And I know we have spent a lot of time talking about the leading edge, but as we look into things like IoT and the pervasiveness of sensors and the like on the low end, how are you positioned to benefit from that versus the unit growth and the design growth at the low end?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, very good question. So I think on the low end IoT and also the devices that can collect the data, and then, we also have a very unique offering, because Tensilica is very low power, programmable, and then the other part is, one of our expertise is the low power in our flow. Either it's a custom flow or a digital flow, that's one of the area that we are driving. Low power is going to be the key for some of this industrial IoT, that will be able to collect data, and in some ways, they can replace the batteries, so that you can last longer, and that's some of the technique, some of the approach that is very strong Cadence offering we have in our tools.
Tom Diffely: Okay. So when you put this all together, is your expectation then as this starts to develop over the next few years, that the growth in your served market actually accelerates from where it is today?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. I think we are kind of looking forward to that, and one thing that I wanted to highlight is our analog mixed signal, and that is -- a lot of this IoT or data collection on the end products, that is critical for the low power on analog mixed signal side, and that is our expertise. We are going to be offering that to the customer. And in fact, a couple of important customers in those area have been adopting us, and then, using our full flow for doing that.
Tom Diffely: Okay. I guess then, moving over to -- obviously the Asian market was very strong for you over the last year. Curious though, was most of that growth from core EDA, the hardware or the IP side of the business? As you think that trend continues, whatever it is?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. Asia-Pacific is a very important region outside U.S., and couple of areas that we really like and we really focus on, like in Japan, the system company and then the automotive semiconductor area, they are doing very well. We are very well positioned with those customers, and so we [indiscernible] now and then. And then the other part of Asia, clearly, Korea is a very important market for us. We have a lot of success in that, in the digital flow, hardware emulation and the IP front. And then the other part is, the big engine is China. We are very well positioned in our China position. Clearly, the government have a very big initiative in terms of driving the domestic semiconductor industry, and then with a massive-massive investment in the hundreds of billions building that. We are very well positioned to partner and then collaborate and support, that is very broad, the digital from EDA flow and also the IP and also the hardware emulation. And so it's all total solution that we can provide to some of these leading companies. I think I mentioned, on the hardware emulation side with HiSilicon, in terms of the add-on capacity that was required, and one of the winning company. And in the past we also mentioned a couple of others, and then quite a few Chinese companies are going to be the world class companies, and we want to be part of that and support them globally, and just like any of our U.S. company and European company and Japan company.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then just finally, going forward, do you think the FPGA prototyping product will be sold or packaged with emulation or are those separate sales?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. It depends on customer requirement. Hardware emulation that have the scale or capacity of like 9.2 billion gigs, and that is very attractive for many leading large companies; because hardware emulation is the most accurate in terms of whatever you design, you want to modify that. Then secondly, I think FPGA for prototyping, and that is a very good way to do that, and we offer both; using the same complier that is very attractive for customer can go one way or the other, depends on the application, depends on their needs, and then they can scale it, whether they then have to do it separately, they can do it all in the same compiler, and that is very-very compelling. So I think we can provide that, and we continue to scale, continue to drive the next generation for that, and that we will announce when we are ready, and then continue to drive the capacity, lower the power and scale, and then for the FPGA and the emulation side.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Thanks for your time.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Monika Garg with KeyBank Pacific Crest. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Monika Garg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. The first is on R&D; if I look at R&D as a percentage of revenue. First half of this year is somewhere 37.3%, which is higher than previous year. So is it the normalized R&D level to think about going forward, or how should we think about what is the R&D level?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah I think let me start and then John can chip in. So first of all, I should know, there is not much out there to buy for EDA tool. And so a lot of customers are shifting to us, with the assumption that we will double down, triple down on R&D, so continue to drive the solution, that can help them to design the most complex chip. So we basically had to continue investing and especially right now, we have a couple of areas, we try to drive leadership in some of the digital flow and some of the verification flow, we want to drive the leadership. And also the proliferation to some of the leading customer, we need to invest and work with them, and that some of them are game-changing and then 7 nano nodes and 5 nano nodes are going to defining going forward, who own the biggest flow for the customer. So I think those are critical in this period that we have to continue investing, and then the -- in the past, [indiscernible] talked about, every time we put an investment, we are already looking at ROI. In terms of customer commitment to us, to our flow, before we put resources behind. And so besides doing that innovation for the product leadership, providing the proliferation on the customer to win and then thirdly, until the customer commit to us, and make the commitment before we put the money behind in terms of R&D and FEE support. So I think so far, we continue to drive the efficiency, so it's not just continue increasing. Each of the R&D team know very well. We also asked them to drive the efficiency, drive cost reduction. And so we are mindful of the overall return, and that's why we continue to guide the operating margin from 26% to 27% this year, and so far we are on track on that.
John Wall: Yeah Monika, this is John. I'd just like to add that, the R&D investment that we are making now is for future years. But our strategic priority is to develop innovative products and help our customers be successful, capture market segment share, and bring our solutions to market shaping customers. But we are continuing to build on our innovation and take action to drive growth and deliver results for our customers, all of which should enable us to deliver value to shareholders. Geoff, I don't know if you want to add anything?
Geoff Ribar: Just from an expense perspective, in the first half of the year, we had higher social security payments, both for the employees and on the company's behalf and less vacations and more vacations in the second half. So usually, the expense moderates in the second half.
Monika Garg: Got it. And then, you have talked about $525 million share repurchase authorization from the Board. Maybe, can you discuss how you are thinking about share repurchase for the second half of this year?
John Wall: Yes. As we said, we'd like to maintain more flexibility with the most recent authorization. The company regularly reviews its capital structure, balancing our needs for investments. The appropriate level of risk for our business model and operating environment, maintaining adequate liquidity, and the opportunity to return cash to shareholders. Board and management make their decisions through the lens of shareholder value. We purchased shares in the first half, but we do obviously expect to repurchase shares in Q3.
Geoff Ribar: And we are not specifying the amount of time nor the method at this time.
Monika Garg: Okay. Then just the last one, eight-nine months since Siemens announced the acquisition on Mentor closed almost four months. Have you seen any change in competitive dynamics in the market? Thank you so much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure Monika. First of all, I think the Mentor product is going to remain competitive under Siemens ownership. Siemens is a very big company, $100 billion company, they have tremendous resources, a lot of respect for them. And then so, we continue monitoring the product competing with us, and we don't anticipate any less. And so we treat them the same, and maybe even more.
Monika Garg: Thank you so much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session of today's call. I will now turn it back over to President and CEO, Lip-Bu Tan.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, through innovation and execution, we are well positioned to build on our success and to further proliferating our solutions with market shaping customers. I would like to thank all our shareholders, customer and partners, board of directors and very hardworking employees for the continued support. Thank you for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Design Systems second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Cadence Design Systems, Inc. Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc. Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.
Analysts: Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mike, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you, Mike, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. With me today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com, and will be archived through June 16, 2017. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Before I start, I want to call your attention to our CFO Commentary, which was included in our 8-K filing today and is available on our Investor Relations website at cadence.com. The commentary should be referenced with both today's conference call remarks and the earnings press release issued today. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to the financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. Additionally, a copy of today's press release dated April 24, 2017 for the quarter ended April 1, 2017 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. And now I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We are pleased with our first quarter results. Consistent execution drove solid operating results, and it was a great quarter for innovation with several new product introductions. I will address the environment and strategy before turning to the first quarter customer and product highlights. Starting with the environment, semiconductor business conditions appear to have stabilized with expectations of low-single-digit growth for 2017. However, expected improvements are sector-specific, and macro uncertainty remains. We have successfully managed through some customer consolidation and expect just a minimum impact on revenue in 2017. Turning next to strategy, we are steadily executing our System Design Enablement or SDE strategy. SDE offers additional growth opportunities as we expand beyond semiconductors and tap into a significantly larger market with system companies and new vertical market segments. Cadence is pursuing opportunities in higher growth area, including automotive, cloud infrastructure, machine learning, and aerospace and defense. In Q1, we expanded our engagement with Renesas for the design of their industry-leading ADAS, autonomous driving and IoT semiconductor solutions using Innovus, Virtuoso Advanced-Node and the Cadence verification suite. Let me now turn to some of our product highlights and customer successes for the first quarter. Innovation is the engine of our success, and we have introduced more than 20 significant internally-developed products in the last three years. In Q1, we launched Xcelium, the industry's first parallel simulator for production use, and the Protium S1 FPGA-Based Prototyping Platform for early software development. Xcelium and Protium S1 joined JasperGold for formal verification and Palladium Z1 for emulation as the four core connected engines of our verification suite. Xcelium incorporates innovative multi-core parallel computing technology from last year's acquisition of Rocketick, and it has been deployed at several customers across multiple domains, including ARM and STMicroelectronics. Protium S1, new architecture increase scalability and speed, and reduce design bring-up time due to common compiler with the Palladium Z1. A number of new customers have purchased the Protium S1 including Xilinx and Mellanox Technologies. After a successful 2016, the Palladium Z1 continue to do well with seven new customers, six of them being system companies and additional seven customer make repeat orders. We also introduced a new product within digital and signoff in earlier April called Pegasus. The Pegasus Verification System is massively parallel, cloud-ready, physical verification signoff solution that can deliver up to 10x improved performance across hundreds of CPUs. Early adopters includes Texas Instruments and Microsemi. Our focus on innovation and market-shaping customers is paying off as place and route revenue was up over 20% with the top 20 semiconductor companies year-over-year. Also, our integration of our leading custom-analog and new digital products provides customers with the best solution for their mixed-signal designs. Several top-tier customers are now using full Cadence mixed-signal flow from IP block characterizations through implementation to full chip verification. Next, I would like to talk about our IP business, which is a key component of our SDE strategy. IP market opportunity is strong as outsourcing trend keeps growing. We see the result of our strategic refinement of our IP business with strong year-over-year revenue growth. We booked our largest design IP contract ever with a major customer in the automotive semiconductor sector. Also, a major Asian semiconductor company is using Tensilica Vision P5 processor to improve image quality in its mobile products. Looking to the future, I am most excited about the opportunity for our Tensilica processors in artificial intelligence, automotive and vision applications. Before turning it over to Geoff, let me quickly summarize my comments. Consistent execution drove solid financial results for Q1. System Design Enablement is expanding our opportunity beyond EDA and extending our customer reach. Innovation is the engine of our success. And so far this year we have introduced three significant new products. Our digital and signoff tools are proliferating for advanced-node design with market-shaping customers. Our refined IP strategy set us up to drive scalable, profitable growth as evidenced by Q1 results. Now I will turn the call over to Geoff to review financial results and provide our outlook.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone. Consistent execution led to strong operating results for Q1. Key results for the quarter were total revenue was $477 million; non-GAAP operating margin was 26%; GAAP net income per share was $0.25; non-GAAP net income per share was $0.32; and operating cash flow was $92 million. Also note that the recurring revenue mix was approximately 90%, but Cadence did not repurchase any stock in the first quarter. DSOs were 37 days, up 4 days from Q4 due to the delays in collecting several large payments. Most of these payments have already been collected in Q2. We now expect DSO to be approximately 35 days for 2017. Service revenue was down $11 million year-over-year. Service revenue that is recognized on a completed contract basis can lead to variability from quarter to quarter. Service revenue was down year-over-year, primarily because in Q1 of 2016 we recognized a large amount on a completed contract. Tensilica had a strong revenue quarter and a onetime benefit to royalties. The onetime benefit was a result of beginning to recognize royalties on a current-quarter basis. Excluding this onetime benefit, our IP business still had strong growth. Now let's turn to outlook. There is no change in our outlook for the year for revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS and operating cash flow. For fiscal 2017, we expect revenue in the range of $1.9 billion to $1.95 billion, which would be a 6% growth at the midpoint; non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 27%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.93 to $1.03; non-GAAP EPS of $1.32 to $1.42; and operating cash flow in the range of $430 million to $470 million. And for Q2, we expect revenue in the range of $470 million to $480 million; non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 26%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.20 to $0.22; and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.31 to $0.33. Approximately 90% of revenue is expected to come from beginning backlog. You will find guidance for additional items in the CFO Commentary. I also want to provide a few additional comments before we take questions. As a reminder, hardware and IP have become a larger portion of our business, which may lead to more variability in results from quarter to quarter. Only about 5% of our revenue is in currencies other than U.S. dollar, primarily the Japanese yen, but about 30% of our costs are in currencies other than in dollar. So a weakening dollar would generally be a headwind to operating profits, and conversely, a strengthening dollar would be a tailwind. The dollar has weakened since the beginning of the year, and we are taking steps to manage our costs accordingly. As you know, we've been reviewing the new revenue accounting standard that we will implement for 2018, and we are confident that we will substantially maintain recurring revenue treatment. Now in closing, we had a strong first quarter, delivering both financial results that met or exceeded our expectations and introducing new innovative products. Looking to the future, I like the opportunities created by our SDE strategy, innovative new products and trends such as autonomous driving, cloud infrastructure, industrial IoT and machine learning, just to name a few. So with that, operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Overall a good quarter. I just had one question starting on kind of the digital side. It looks like that's seeing some lumpiness. It's up double digits last quarter and now it's kind of up singles. And on conversely as well, the IP business, it looks like it's now growing at double digits again. So could you maybe walk me through how we should expect that to shape out for the rest of the year in both of these segments?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yes. So on the digital side, Mitch, the actual revenue growth was close to 6% compared to Q1 of 2016. You're right, the apparent growth was lower than recent results. This was because in Q1 of 2016, included a large completed service contract, which was included in our digital and signoff product line. But we're seeing a lot of success in our digital and signoff products proliferating with market-shaping customers, and new customers are adopting these products. We expect good growth for 2017.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Yeah. And then secondly on the IP side, seeing that growing at double-digits apparently, do you expect that to continue in 2017?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yes. We did have a onetime benefit from our IP business as we started recognizing royalties on a current quarter basis. But excluding that onetime benefit, our IP business still had strong growth in the mid-teens in Q1 over Q1.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Great.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good evening. Lip-Bu, let me start with you and ask about opportunities you may have for incremental revenue and share in a number of respects. First of all, let's ask about geography. When we look at 2016 EDA industry results, there was a very substantial increase in China. We know how much of that was due to Mentor from the numbers in their 10-K, but that still left well over $200 million in revenues from China for everybody else. So perhaps you could talk about how you're doing there and what share progress you're making in China. Secondly, you highlighted a number of new products including Pegasus and Protium. Could you talk about how you think about the share opportunity with Pegasus? It's an enormous category that you're addressing, but by the same token it's historically proven to be very, very sticky for incumbent products. And then lastly on new products line, with respect to Protium, your revenues in FPGA prototyping to-date have been immaterial relative to what Synopsys is doing there, for example, with their HAPS products. So, again, similarly maybe you could talk about how you're thinking about the revenue or the share opportunity in that hardware category, then a couple for Geoff. Thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah, Chris (17:45), thank you so much for the question. So a couple of things. One, I think you mentioned about the geographical. Clearly, the China is a great opportunity. We are well-positioned in China and we are very confident to continue to drive success and growth not only on the tool side and also the IP side. And China, as you know, the government is very committed to build up their domestic semiconductor industry with heavy investment. And we've done well in China. So we're going to continue. It's going to be a growth opportunity for us in China. And then regarding the new products, so couple of things that you highlight. Thank you for bringing it up. Pegasus, and this is very important for us to complete our digital and signoff flow. And as you – in the recall, we are building up quite a lot of the digital success with Innovus. I mentioned about 20% growth with a top 20 customer. And then we have Genus on the Synthesis side, and we have Signoff on Tempus and Voltus on Power. And then now, this physical verification become the missing piece, we are delighted to completely from ground up building up this product, massively parallel and cloud-ready and can scale up to 1,000 CPUs, and then drive 10x in terms of turnaround time. This is very, very significant. And we are delighted a couple of customer already support us, and we mentioned that in our script. And so this should be as exciting so that we have complete full flow opportunity for our customer to drive from – the Innovus and the place and route, all the way to physical verification. And, of course, working closely with our foundry partners are critical for the success. And then the other two new product we also have a successful launch, and that is on the verification part of our business. And then clearly, it's very exciting for us to complete our whole verification suite. As you'll recall, we have the JasperGold. That is very strong position in the formal verification. We have hardware, Z1 have been very strong for emulation. And what we like to do is basically to really complete that with the FPGA prototyping. And this is something that can scale up to 600 million gates. And then using the same compiler as the Z1 hardware emulation, so the customer can really go from prototyping all the way to massive scaling in term of emulation. And then the other part is in our simulation tool to – with the acquisition of Rocketick. They provide very, very strong parallel simulator, and that engine can be very – we fully integrate it with (20:50) called Xcelium. This is a first production-ready parallel simulator, very well-received with the customer. And we're delighted so that we can complete the whole verification suite to provide to our customer. On the Protium FPGA side, we have Xylene and Mellanox with us and plus a few others. And then – so it's a very early state, but people are really excited about it. We are very positive about that.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: You highlighted a number of end markets that you're focusing on like auto, aero and defense and so forth. Could you again remind us how you're organizing yourselves to address those markets in terms of teams or sales or anything out that kind? And then one of the persistent issues for you and for EDA historically has always been, particularly when you've had active new product periods, is having sufficient AE capacity. And maybe you could address that issue, how you're doing there, and having the requisite support in AEs and so forth that you think you're going to need, given the multiple new product ramps that you now have to manage?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you so much for the question. This is very much related to our strategy of System Design Enablement. And this is really providing not just the core EDA strength of our increased adoption and not only the IP strategy for the scalable growth, but more important right now, we are moving into some of the emerging new growth area. We've highlight a couple of them. This is automotive, the massive data center, and then the machine learning-related and then apply into some of this vertical market that we are going after. Thank you for bringing it up. We have very, very focused on the aerospace and defense. Over the last few quarters, we highlight Northrop Grumman, BAE Systems and also GE Aviation that we are very deeply engaged with them. And then same thing with automotive, and we've mentioned up (23:03) Mobileye using our Palladium Z1 for automotive vision and also Infineon for the automotive function safety. And stay tuned, we do right now (23:16) have a dedicated team to focus on the automotive and a dedicated team to focus for aviation and defense. And so some of this vertical beside providing the tool, the IP, the emulation, but more important, we're going to learn what their new requirements are, and then we're going to be starting to pick up the area that we need to either organically growing or through acquisition to provide the total solution to our customer in the system and then somewhat the vertical market that we are pursuing.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: All right. But again, just to pick on this point. You're saying in effect that field support, AEs, all that sort of thing that historically has been a constraint for EDA when ramping new products is not an issue for you right now or a manageable one?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. So what we did is basically continue the AE support. It's very important for someone's (24:16) success. But we relocate and then we rearrange and then recruit somewhat the talent on the AE side for some of defense, aerospace and automotive, and then continue to drive efficiency. So in some way we are driving the efficiency of the AE support to our current customer and put more resources in some of this vertical market and to support their success.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you, Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Krish Sankar from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had a few of them. First one, Geoff, just wanted to find out why no buybacks this quarter? Like you guys have been doing it at a very consistent pace for the last three years. So I'm kind of surprised why there was no buyback. And is there any reasoning behind it?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. So when we announced the program in the Q1 or the Q4 earnings call in February timeframe, we said we're going to be more flexible with this most recent authorization. We're sticking to that. Don't take any other messages besides we're being more flexible.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. So it's not like you are constrained by certain, like, events or something. It's just more your own choice?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: We're just going to be more flexible moving forward.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. All right. And then a follow-up on the ASC 606 rev rec, so you guys are still confident that you can maintain the 90% ratable revenue that you have. I'm kind of curious, A, is that still the case? And if there is a risk of that ratable revenue going away, how much of the 90% do you think would be at risk?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yes. So we are going to implement a new standard, as you know, ASC 606 in 2018. We are confident that we will substantially maintain recurring revenue treatment for the language or in a language of the new standard revenue over time treatment. We're not committing to a particular percentage right now.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. But a significant portion of the 90% can be...
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Or substantially maintain, I think, is the keyword, substantially maintain.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. All right. And then on the IP revenue side, I had a two-part question. One is, what do you think the IP revenue or the IP business for the overall industry growth this year, is it still a 15% to 20% growth business? And for you specifically, of your IP revenues, how much is upfront versus ratable?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: So, upfront versus ratable, a lot of them we issue a license, and we would recognize the revenue when we deliver the license. Sometimes we do longer-term deals and those too can be recognized over time, essentially when we take over, for example, somebody's roadmap for a particular type of IP. And then royalties are booked now when our customers ship the product and we recognize royalties over that. And we've never really communicated the percentage of IPs that's recurring or not.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. All right.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: And we anticipate we're going to have double-digit growth for this year overall on the IP business, low double digits.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Just to add on to what Geoff is talking about, clearly we have this refinement of the IP business to drive profitability and scalability. And we are very much on track of that, and then so double-digit growth. And then the outsourcing trend is continue. And that create opportunity for us. And then clearly we are focused on standardized, off-the-shelf IP, strategic vertical market and most advanced process node and top customer. So we really drive quality revenue with the top customer. That is our focus.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. That's very helpful. And then two last quick questions. One is, what is the weighted average contract life in the quarter? And did you guys have any revenues from FPGA prototyping?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: So yes, we had revenue from FPGA prototyping and Protium S1. It was our first quarter of release to market, so we're excited about the revenue. And Lip-Bu mentioned a couple of the customers that we've already recognized business with. The weighted average contract life, since we stopped on our Q1 earnings call giving bookings guidance, we're also not giving the weighted average contract life anymore. We don't think it's really relevant, and we're concentrated on deal quality, not on those two metrics.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Rich Valera from Needham & Company.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. Question on the emulation market. Historically, new emulation products releases by yourself and Mentor have had pretty meaningful impacts on the growth rate of your respective emulation businesses. It looks like Mentor just released their new Strato platform this quarter. So still very early there. But, one, could you say, have you seen it in the market? Do you have any sense of how that backs up competitively if it changes the competitive dynamics? And do you think it has any impact on the market or do you think maybe the market's matured enough and is big enough now that it doesn't necessarily have the same impact as it might have in the past? Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. Richard, this is Lip-Bu. Let me start first. Clearly, this emulation business continue to be good. Last year, we announced Z1. We have a phenomenal first full year, and then with 29 new Palladium logos. And first quarter, we continue to sell well. We have seven new customer, I mentioned, and then also seven make repeat orders, so very strong Q1. So we expect to be a strong year for 2017. Regarding the Mentor announcing their new product, we haven't seen them in the marketplace or customer. And we stay tuned and we keep a close eye on it. And so clearly the emulation business for the most advanced node and complex design is a must-have in term of time to market to verification. We continue to see strong customer interest in our Z1. And then many customers doubled, tripled down the capacity scale, and it's phenomenal. So we are excited about it.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: And as far as Q1 was concerned, it was roughly flat to Q4. And as we said last time, we still expect a strong year for hardware. But, of course, you realize you were coming off of a record year, will make the year-over-year comps difficult, but we still expect a very strong year in hardware.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: That's helpful. Thank you. And then you've mentioned a couple of markets, particularly auto – I guess a combination of auto or more specifically ADAS, and then IoT, and I think AI as well. I'm just wondering, aside from IP, where I'm assuming you probably have some, call it, vertically-focused IP from maybe some of these markets, can you talk about your other efforts at putting together sort of vertically focused solutions and what that's comprised of, and what kind of success you've had at sort of vertically targeting these certain markets?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. So let me try to address that. Clearly, automotive is a faster growing area for us. We are excited about it. And so we mentioned in our earnings script, we are delighted on the Renesas expanded engagement. And a lot with the tools and Innovus and the custom, the advanced-node and also the verification suite. We also mentioned quite a bit on the design IP front. We have a very big contract and with a very big automotive component company. And we are excited about it, and this is on the IP front, on the design IP. And then clearly, we continue to focus on the function safety that we mentioned about Infineon. We're focused on the reliability and simulation side, and also on the emulation side with the Mobileye. And so this a major focus. We have a dedicated team to drive the success. And we can learn a lot in the automotive space working with the Tier 1, the automotive manufacturers directly, and so they're understanding their requirement so that we can provide them a total solution, not just a tool, not just a IP, and also provide them what they need in term of Tensilica, the Vision and ADAS requirement, and then working with the sensor companies. And either its LADAR or LIDAR or even some of the laser approach and to drive the level 4, level 5 autonomous driving. And we're heavily engaging with all the above.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, Lip-Bu. Just one more for Geoff, if I could. Geoff, can you give us a sense of what your cash tax rate is right now and how you think that could be impacted? I mean, if you just pick a theoretical, whether it's 15% or 25% rate, if the federal rate was changed, how that would or wouldn't affect the cash taxes you might pay?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. We obviously haven't released our Q for Q1, but for last year, our cash tax rate was between 10% and 15%, varied a little bit from quarter to quarter. And how it's going to go in the future is your guess is as good as ours.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. Thanks very much gentlemen.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Hi, guys. I wanted to follow on the emulation question. You mentioned that it's still selling strongly. But given the quarter-over-quarter comparison. Just wondering, is that just seasonality or is there any lead time issues, or have we actually seen the peak in this cycle and we're starting to enter the tail?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. So I think, Sterling, let me start first. So far, we don't see the peak clearly from our customer. We are heavily engaged with the customer. They want to have more. Actually the scalability is critical. We are excited working with the top-tier customer and meet their requirement. And this is something that's very important to them in term of their design – complex design to verify and that they really like it. And so far, we continue to see strong demand from our customer. And then meanwhile right now, we also have the FPGA version. This is a Protium using the same compiler, and then can scale up to 600 million gates, and that can effectively compete with the other competitors. And so we have a two-pronged approach. And then using same compiler, the customer can stay with us on both front on the emulation and FPGA front.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: And again, I think we continue to see emulation being a secular trend, right, that would benefit clearly us, but perhaps our competitors – certainly our competitors also, but it's a secular trend. It will be lumpy though. It will go up and down for a period of time, but secular trend still continues, Sterling.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's fair. And, Geoff, you touched upon the variability given the IP in the hardware. Just trying to put the model together and get it to triangulate, is it fair to say that in the quarter that the time-based license or time-based ratable revenue was actually less than 90% in the quarter?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: It was approximately 90%. It's been consistently for a very long time for us.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then last question, I wasn't clear, you may have mentioned, Geoff, early on in terms of the IP business that unless I misheard it that there were some onetime items. I'm just – if you can give us some more color on that front in particular. And then you talked about the strength in automotive around IP. Is that something you could turn around and see the same customers come back for additional IP rights on top of it? Or how should we think about the timing of repeat purchases from customers in that space?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. So we did have a onetime benefit, one onetime benefit related to recognizing royalties, Tensilica royalties on a current quarter basis. Even excluding that, our IP business grew mid-teens year-over-year.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: And we mentioned about two big opportunity for us. One is we just signed and booked the largest design IP contract with the automotive semiconductor sector, and then also a major Asian semiconductor adopting the Tensilica for the mobile products. So overall we are excited about IP, and our refined strategy is working.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Farhan Ahmad from Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks for taking my question. My first question, Lip-Bu, is like if I look at your growth and your year-over-year growth the last few years, every year it has been decelerating. And it's now at about 6% this year. I just wanted to understand like how do you think about the long-term growth of the business? Is it more like a 5% growth business over next few years? And what is really needed to make it more like a 10% growth?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Okay. Good question, Farhan. Couple of points. First of all, we are confident with our strategy and direction of the business and the future opportunity. We are pleased with the revenue growth for this year, 6%, with the order mix environment that we are operating in. And I think a couple of things that are good driver for us. Our core EDA software is doing well, growing with all the new product we came out. And then the IPs rebound to 10% growth rate. And then the hardware continue to be a good year this year for us. So I think overall I think we are pleased with what we see in the marketplace, and that's why we guided 6%. And in terms of the trend are going down, clearly, we are mission-critical solution to our customer. And I think we continue to drive value and very disciplined in what we provide to our customer. I strongly believe collaborating deeply with the customer, deliver innovative product to meet their challenger's design. And then the other part and I think they are going to help us to grow the business in terms of revenue growth will be the system design enablement. And that's where we are moving into some of the vertical area and then the vertical market. And then addressing some of the higher growth opportunity in automotive, data center and then the aerospace and defense-related area. And again, the chip design is getting more and more complex. We are very mission-critical, and the design and verification is getting a lot more complex. And we can drive a lot more value. And that's why we want to be disciplined and drive value, and that is our motto going forward.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. And then one question I have for you is in regards to the – Geoff, you mentioned like, in regards to the buyback, that you want to maintain flexibility. Should I interpret it as meaning that you are looking at some M&A? And if you can talk about a MIPS asset that's apparently on sale right now, is that something that you would be interested?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yes. So again we don't want to go – we are not going to go into speculation, but clearly we have a very disciplined approach to M&A. We are not buying revenue. Very important is to fix and then further our strategy and then really drive the customer with differentiating products. And then attract the top talents, either managerial and technical talent we want to bring on board. And then we are very disciplined in term of return on investment. And then so far we have been very focused on internal developing, innovating products. That's evident by 20 new products in the last three years. In the first quarter, we already introduced three new products. So we continue doing that. And then only we see value and then fit into the strategy of our SDE, then we put the trigger on M&A.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. And then one question on China. Can you talk about software piracy in China? Have you seen any effect of software piracy within semiconductor or in the systems design?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yes. So I think clearly piracy, not just in China, in across the world, is happening. And so we are very focused on getting the value and protect our IP. And so that make sure that our tool and IP, our customer properly pay for it and then for the full value. And that's something we are believing in and we very disciplined on that. So if there's anything in piracy, we were definitely approaching the customer to make sure that they come clean and then pay up not just the past, and then going forward. And we want to make sure that we enforce that.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. And my last question on Mentor Graphics acquisition by Siemens, have you seen any business impact where you've seen like divestitures or small businesses where Siemens has decided to get out of business? I just want to understand like if there's been any start-up change that you have – noticeable change that you have seen in regards to the acquisition of Mentor by Siemens?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. So far I think we expect Mentor products continue to be competitive under the even bigger umbrella in Siemens ownership. We don't take it lightly. And so we continue to compete with them in the marketplace. And clearly it's $100 billion big giant. And we want to don't take it lightly. And then there are some good product we are competing with. And so far we continue to pay a lot of attention to them.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you. That's all I had.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Diffely from D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah. Good afternoon. I was hoping that you could look at your three new products and maybe rank, if you could, what the relative revenue opportunity is for each of them going forward, maybe both on a near-term and a long-term basis?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. Tom, this is Geoff. We don't give specifics on our different businesses at that level of detail. We don't give guidance on that. They're all going to be important products.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: All right. Okay. So I guess, Geoff, moving on to the margins, it looks like from your guidance here that the margins have to step up nicely in the second half of the year. Is that just stronger revenues? Is it going to be a mix issue? What drives the stronger margin profile?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. Generally if you look at, Tom, our trends over past couple of years, the second half of the year has been stronger than the first half of the year. Some of that is just what I'll call the normal ebb and flow of seasonality in the business. We have Social Security and Medicare taxes kick in at the beginning of the year. And as people reach those limits, those go away. We have more vacations tend to be in Q3 and in Q4 than they have early in the year. And those things contribute to keeping expenses down in the second half of the year or relatively flat. And then as our revenue has consistently grown, traditionally we drop more to the bottom line.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Makes sense. And then I noticed – I look at some of the GAAP to non-GAAP adjustments, there's about $0.14 and then there was about a $0.07 tax on that $0.14. I'm curious, why is there such a kind of a heavy tax rate on those adjustments?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. Again for non-GAAP, we use a 23% non-GAAP tax rate when we give guidance and actually for our actuals. We look at that every couple of years and take a look at where we would expect to be if we didn't have any tax attribute and our company was operating in a normal tax environment. Traditionally, our cash taxes have been materially under that. Our GAAP tax rate will fluctuate materially based on all kinds of things, based on where income is earned, various different discrete items and tax. And so those things will fluctuate. I tend to focus on two things, the 23% that we use for non-GAAP and the cash tax rate.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. That makes sense. And then Lip-Bu, in your comments, you talked about the customer consolidation having minimal impact on 2017. Was that a comment that you expect the minimal impact going forward, or is that perhaps just 2017 and 2018 is perhaps a different story?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. I don't think we are going to comment on 2018. We just stick to 2017. So far we see minimum impact.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. All right. Thank you for your time.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Monika Garg from Pacific Crest Securities.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Jason (46:38) on for Monika. Thanks for taking my question. I actually just have one question left. So if I look at Q2 guidance, you're guiding to $470 million to $480 million. If you take the midpoint of that quarter-over-quarter, that's going to be relatively flat. But we've historically seen a sequential increase from Q1 to Q2. Can you just talk about some of the dynamics on this?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Sure, Jason. As I think we mentioned on our February earnings call and I think earlier today, there's more variability in our business from quarter to quarter as our IP and hardware business should become more important to us. Those businesses have a more upfront component to them and so we're going to fluctuate from period to period and you're just seeing that from Q1 to Q2.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Great. Thanks. That's my only question.
Operator: I will now turn the call over to Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: In closing, there are macro challenges ahead but also opportunities specific to Cadence. Through innovation and execution, we are well-positioned to build on our success, and to further proliferating our solutions with market-shaping customers. I'm pleased to note that for the third consecutive year, Cadence was named by Fortune Magazine as one of the top 100 companies to work for. I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and hardworking employees globally for their continued support. Thank you, all, for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Design Systems first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Cadence Design Systems, Inc. Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc. Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.
Analysts: Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Richard Valera - Needham & Company Inc. Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Shannon, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you, Shannon, and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With me today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website cadence.com and will be archived through March 17, 2017. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Before we start, I want to call your attention to our CFO Commentary, which was included in our 8-K filing today and is available on our Investor Relations website at cadence.com. The CFO Commentary should be referenced with both today's conference call remarks and the earnings press release issued today. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to the financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. Additionally, a copy of today's press release dated February 1, 2017 for the quarter ended December 31, 2016 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 2016 was another great year for Cadence, and I am pleased to talk to you about our results, accomplishments, and strategic direction. We delivered strong financial results in the fourth quarter and for the full year; revenues of $469 million in Q4 and $1.816 billion for the year, representing growth of 6.7% over 2015. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27% for the quarter and 26% for the year. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.34 in Q4 and $1.21 for the year, up 11% over 2015. Now I will address the environment and strategy before turning to the 2016 product highlights. Starting with the environment, semiconductor business conditions appear to have improved slightly with the expectations of low single-digit growth for 2017. Expected improvements are sector specific though and macro uncertainty remains. We are focused on key emerging and high-growth areas including automotive, virtual and augmented reality, cloud infrastructure, IoT, machine learning, and aerospace and defense. We have successfully managed through the ongoing customer consolidation to date. We expect just a minimum impact on revenue from consolidation in 2017 and believe we are successfully positioned for larger opportunities in the future. At the same time, our relentless focus on innovation, execution and customer success is driving momentum in the marketplace for us. The opportunities continue to grow with system companies. Turning now to our strategy, we are steadily executing our System Design Enablement or SDE strategy, the key points of which are to drive increased adoption of our core EDA portfolio, leverage our refined IP strategy for scalable growth, maximize the market opportunity of our system solutions, invest in emerging and new growth areas, and develop partnerships with an expanded ecosystem. SDE offers additional growth opportunities as we expand beyond a horizontal focus on semiconductors and tap into significantly larger markets through addressing systems companies and new vertical market segments. In 2016, we made measurable progress executing our SDE strategy. Expanding our ecosystem is important to developing opportunities outside our traditional markets. We announced several important partnerships for our SDE ecosystem in 2016. For example, Cadence and Arrow Electronics launched an integrated, cloud-based version of our OrCAD Capture. We partnered with MathWorks to streamline system level design and circuit level implementation for mixed signal IoT and automotive applications. We grew our system business in aerospace and defense, with expanded partnerships with Northrop Grumman and BAE Systems. Let me now turn to some of our product highlights and customer successes in Q4 and 2016. Innovation is at the heart of our success and we have introduced nearly 20 significant products over the past three years. Several of our products won awards in 2016, including Palladium Z1 and Virtuoso Analog Design Environment, and we have a robust product pipeline planned for 2017. Investments in our digital, signoff products are beginning to pay off as we gained even more momentum with the top 20 semiconductor companies. Revenue was up nearly 20% for the year with these customers. Overall, digital and signoff growth was 9% for the year. We are setup for additional proliferations in 2017. We added 60 Genus customers, 30 Innovus customers, and more than 20 new customers using our full digital and signoff flow. 16 of the top 20 semiconductor companies are now using Innovus, including four of the five top mobile chip makers. Innovus was used to tape-out a large GPU design, which helped a customer realize 15% power savings over the previous design. We are currently working with over 45 customers on advanced node design, with more than 12 7-nanometer engagements. In Q4, Qualcomm entered into an agreement with Cadence that represent an expanded commitment to Cadence products, including hardware and IP. Our Verification Suite provide complementary connected solutions that are based on strong core engines. It includes Incisive for simulation, JasperGold for formal verification, Palladium for emulation, and Protium for FPGA prototyping. We are pleased to report that Palladium Z1 had a phenomenal full year on the market. Total hardware revenue surged to a record high. We gained 29 new Palladium Z1 logos in 2016, 11 of which were system companies, and this is the fastest adoption of a new emulation system in Cadence history. In Q4, several leading semiconductor companies adopted Palladium Z1, including Cavium and Innovium. Customer demand for the Palladium Z1 remains strong due to its enterprise-class capabilities, which are ideally suited for large emulation firms (11:09). We expect another strong year in 2017. JasperGold, which is the formal verification segment leader, continued its adoption and proliferation, leading to record revenue in 2016. Integration of the proven Rocketick technology with our simulation platform has gone very well. Feedback from key customers in early adopter engagements on the integrator platform has been very positive, with significant simulation speed up due to the revolutionary multicore parallel simulation technology. For custom, analog and mixed-signal design, Cadence continues to invest in and provide the most advanced set of custom, analog and mixed-signal tools for customers. Adoption of our next-generation products like the new Virtuoso Analog Design Environment Suite is ahead of our expectations. Virtuoso Advanced-Node is now being used by over 100 customers. Over 70 customers are using Spectre XPS, our FastSPICE simulator on SRAM designs, and we are expanding into mixed-signal applications. It was a solid year for our package and board business. We delivered a comprehensive system design solution for TSMC's advanced wafer-level Integrated Fan-Out packaging technology known as InFO. And we released our next generation Allegro and OrCAD product families with the support for flexible board designs. And we just delivered our newest version of our Sigrity analysis portfolio, which significantly speed up power and signal integrity signoff for boards. Next, I will talk about our IP business, which is a key component of our SDE strategy and an important business for us. IP business opportunity remains strong as outsourcing continues. 2016 was a year of strategic refinement. We are significantly increasing our focus on standardized off-the-shelf IP, certain strategic vertical market segments, and the most advanced process nodes. Our IP business returned to year-over-year growth in Q4, and we expect about 10% growth for 2017. IP highlights from 2016 included the largest ever renewal for our Tensilica technology, the announcement by Microsoft that 24 Tensilica processors are at the heart of the HoloLens, the delivery of the 7-nanometer DDR IP to our top-tier Asia-Pacific customer. Q4 highlights included a large design IP contract with a Japanese customer primarily for automotive applications, and adoption of our datacenter IP by a large U.S. semiconductor company. On the organizational front, I'm sad to report that Pieter Vorenkamp recently left Cadence in order to spend more time with his family after the death of his son last year. We were fortunate that Babu Mandava, a long-time colleague of mine, could step in as the Senior Vice President and General Manager of the IP Group. Babu has been a CEO and held multiple senior operating roles at semiconductor companies. I am confident Babu will drive scalable, sustainable and profitable growth for our IP business. Finally, I am pleased that Geoff Ribar has decided to extend his retirement date by a year. Geoff is an accomplished CFO, an important business partner to me and an invaluable leader at Cadence. Before turning over to Geoff, let me quickly summarize my comments. 2016 was another great year for Cadence and we are well positioned for 2017. System Design Enablement is expanding our opportunities beyond EDA and extending our customer reach. Our digital and signoff tools are well on their way for advanced node design with market-shaping customers. Customer enthusiasm for the Palladium Z1 led to a record year for hardware. Our refined IP strategy set us up to drive scalable, profitable growth. Our next-generation tools are helping customers succeed and are soliciting (17:08) our position as the leader for custom, analog and mixed-signal design. There are macro challenges ahead, but also opportunities specific to Cadence. Through innovation and execution, we are positioned to build on our success and to further proliferating our solutions with market-shaping customers. Now, I will turn the call over to Geoff, to review the financial results and provide our outlook.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone. 2016 was a great year for Cadence all-around. We delivered strong innovation, customer successes, execution, and robust financial results. Overall, we are in a good position as we start 2017. Key results for Q4 and 2016 were: total revenue of $469 million for the quarter and $1.816 billion for the year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27% for the quarter and 26% for the year. GAAP net income per share was $0.14 for the quarter and $0.70 for the year. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.34 for the quarter and $1.21 for the year. Operating cash flow was $197 million for Q4 and $445 million for the year. Stronger than expected collections in Q4 drove the operating cash flow upside. Also note that bookings were $2.057 billion for 2016. Weighted average contract life was 2.6 years for both Q4 and 2016. The recurring bookings and revenue mix was approximately 90% for 2016. DSO at the end of the year was 33 days, down one day from Q3. Primarily due to the end-of-life of Palladium XP, we recorded an inventory charge of $13 million for Q4, following a charge of $5 million in Q3. As part of our ongoing efforts to operating efficiently and effectively and optimally allocate resources, we undertook a restructuring in Q4, which resulted in a charge of $26 million. This included the cost of the voluntary retirement program that we announced on our last earnings call. Earlier this week, Cadence entered into a new five-year $350 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of lenders. This credit facility replaces the $250 million facility originally entered into in December 2012. We also completed our $1.2 billion stock repurchase program in Q4 with the purchase of 9.3 million shares of stock for $240 million. Over the course of the program, we repurchased a total of 51.9 million shares, about 18% of shares outstanding at the start of the program. Also this week, the Cadence board of directors renewed its commitment to optimizing capital allocation and shareholder value by authorizing the repurchase of $525 million of Cadence stock. The actual timing and amount of repurchases will be subject to business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, acquisition opportunities and the other factors. Now let's turn to our outlook. For fiscal 2017, we expect revenue in the range of $1.9 billion to $1.95 billion, which would be 6% growth at the midpoint; non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 27%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.89 to $0.99; non-GAAP EPS of $1.32 to $1.42, and operating cash flow in the range of $430 million to $470 million. And for Q1, we expect revenue in the range of $470 million to $480 million; non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 25%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.19 to $0.21, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.30 to $0.32. Approximately 90% of revenue is expected to come from beginning backlog. You'll find guidance for additional items in the CFO Commentary. I want to add a few additional comments on outlook. Bookings for 2017 are expected to exceed $2 billion with a weighted average contract life of 2.4 years to 2.6 years. Going forward, we do not intend to comment on bookings or weighted average contract life. We introduced bookings guidance in the early days of the license model transition, but the model has now been mature for several years. Retaining flexibility over the timing of bookings will facilitate our goal of driving consistent, scalable revenue growth within the context of stable revenue recognition model, while preserving the quality of bookings. I also want to remind you, as in the past that the hardware and IP have become a larger portion of our business. There may be more variation in quarter-to-quarter results. I want to conclude by talking about my own plans. As you know by now, I'm extending my retirement date until March 31, 2018. Cadence is very important to me and I decided that I wanted to continue to partner with Lip-Bu for another year as we drive the company forward towards our goals. So with that, Shannon, we'll now take questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Farhan Ahmad from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Lip-Bu, can you provide some color on growth by different end market segments that you expect between your Functional Verification and Digital IC in this year?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. Farhan, I think your question is the growth on the Functional Verification and the Digital side. So overall, I think, I will give you the high level and then Geoff can provide you more detail. So far in term of our verification side, we are doing well and this is the fastest-growing for our customers and our Verification Suite, that as I mentioned in my script, and now (24:26) we have Incisive in simulation, JasperGold for formal verification, Palladium for emulation and then Protium for FPGA. And just let me address one by one. And then, first of all, I think that JasperGold, as I mentioned, we have a record revenue in 2016. This is a segment leader and is very well received by the customer. And then, our simulation Incisive right now with Rocketick integration has done very well and the key customer in the early adopter engagement have been very, very positive. They see tremendous simulation speed up with the multicore parallel simulation. So I think stay tuned. I think that one we should do very, very well. And then hardware, we have the record in our first full year in the market. And then, we mentioned couple of – 29 new logos. 11 are system company and we mentioned couple of leading semiconductor companies, including Cavium, Innovium. And, so I think overall we are very excited about this whole Verification Suite that we provide and it's really, really critical for our customers. So we are excited about it. On the digital front, I think we are doing really well. And I mentioned to you, we are really focused on the top 20 customers and that received more than 20% growth in these customers. And overall, our signoff and digital are growing at 9% for the year and we expect additional proliferation in 2017. And then we mentioned, about 16 out of top 20 semiconductor already embrace and adopt Innovus and then four of top five mobile chip designer and then they are using us and also we are very proud in our performance on the large GPU design. And then we also highlighted Qualcomm enter a very important agreement with us in an expanded commitment to Cadence. So I think overall, the digital we are in (26:35) all the investment we make and now we are starting to see the pay off and the proliferation will accelerate in 2017.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: So a little bit of color. We don't guide specific questions, but a little bit of color perhaps. We do expect good growth across our core software business, especially in digital and signoff. We expect IP to rebound and have at least 10% growth. And we expect another strong year for our hardware, but wanted you to recognize we're coming off a phenomenal year with record revenue, meaning that the year-over-year comps may be difficult in hardware.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse: Got it. And, Lip-Bu, can you talk about maybe VR and AR and the role that your IP is playing in HoloLens and how big of an opportunity do you see that growing for you over time?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. We are excited about this whole AR/VR. I mentioned a couple of areas that we are double, triple down on it (27:37). Clearly, we know the AR/VR is a very important area and then clearly the machine learning is very, very important. And then those actually, the Tensilica and couple of our tool can – really is helping our customer to design the best product. And then, so on the AR/VR, clearly this is emerging, the whole experience for not just entertainment like (28:03) gaming or entertainment like games, the live game broadcast, and also I think for education for multiple applications. So we are seeing that quietly building up. And then, Tensilica, being the programmable low-power and the engine, that turn out to be very, very useful for that. And then same thing for the machine learning. And then the other part in this whole AR/VR audio play a very important role. And then we have the kind of industry standard audio that can be really exciting. And then you touch a little bit about the Microsoft. We are very happy, they announced (28:45) using 24 Tensilica processor for their HoloLens and then they are making good progress in the marketplace. We're excited about it.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse: Thank you. That's all I have.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Monika Garg from Pacific Crest. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Geoff, first, this new revenue recognition model, maybe can you talk about when do you expect to implement it and any impact to your current revenue recognition model?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yes. So I'll start. We do expect to retain a recurring revenue treatment. We're currently working through the details of the new standard with our advisors to determine how we will implement it and what impact, if any, it'll have. There's still a lot of work to do. So stay tuned.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Any initial assessment? Do you think it could impact your model or not?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah, again, we expect to retain recurring revenue treatment, Monika.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. Okay. Then a couple of months back Siemens announced acquisition of Mentor. Maybe could you talk about how do you see that impacting the EDA industry and Cadence.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Sure. This is Lip-Bu, Monika, and I think, clearly, Mentor is a good competitor and it will remain an important competitor. And we are not in the place to comment or speculate as they are pending for transaction. One thing that highlights the importance of SDE and then the EDA part of that SDE, System Design Enablement, we are excited about that in that it tie in (30:34) to our overall strategy in terms of more supporting to the system company and some of the new vertical markets that I highlight, like for example in the military and defense, automotive and then some of these industrial application like IoT and machine learning across all the infrastructure in the cloud and intelligence into the medical. I think there are going to be a lot of opportunity open up.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. Just last one. Customized design for two consecutive years has grown less than 5%. Anything particular there or do you think customized design is a lower growth market than digital? Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah, custom/analog, as you know, we are the leader and clearly when you have the position, sometimes the growth is not going to be higher, but we continue to drive the leadership and then we drive the most advanced set of custom and analog. And in fact right now, we also tried to tie in with our strength in the digital side to provide the mixed-signal solution to our customers. And in fact, we have couple of new encouragement points in our adoption of our next-generation product, the new Virtuoso suite. Actually it's ahead of expectation and we are very pleased with that and also adopt by over 100 customers. And then the other part is that the Spectre XPS, our new FastSPICE simulator and now have over 70 customers on the SRAM side, and now we're starting to apply and expand into the mixed-signal side. So I think all I can highlight is that we have a strong position. We continue to drive the leadership on that. And then the other part is, we also drive some of the new, emerging opportunities like IoT, automotive and then the mixed-signal application that we can really drive continued leadership.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. Thank you so much.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just had one, kind of on the actual system side of the business. So, so far just based on your comments, I think R&D spending hasn't really been impacted by consolidation, so the semiconductor piece should be fine. But how do we think about the systems piece in terms of how that growth rate is comparing at a relative basis to overall semiconductor R&D spend?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah, so, Mitch, let me try to answer that. That's why I think it's important to understanding our System Design Enablement strategy and this is expanding beyond our EDA towards – expanding to also the system company and some of the new verticals that we are pursuing. And then just like we did in the semiconductor side, the ecosystem partnership becomes very important like, for example, in the semiconductor side in the early days, we're very focused on TSMC, same thing, we are starting to really focus on networks that we announced on the system-level design and circuit-level implementation, Arrow Electronics and then somewhat this packaging become very important with TSMC. And then some of the vertical we are pursuing, couple of them we highlight, is aerospace and the defense and then with our expanded partnership with Northrop Grumman and BAE and then stay tuned. We will tell you more. And then also our expanded partnership with the GE Aviation side. And then on the automotive side, we highlight a couple of pointers to you. Mobileye is engaging with us on the Palladium Z1, Infineon engaging with us on the automotive function safety, and then some of this enablement in terms of automotive application on the TSMC 60-nanometer FinFET. And also, we have a dedicated team right now on the automotive and aerospace and defense. And then, we also highlight some of the IP engagement with a Japanese customer on automotive application, and also our data center is another area that we are focusing on. And beside our data center, IP, our hardware with Cavium, Innovium and the engagement, and I think stay tuned. So I think over time, we're going to like kind of show you how we're going to expand that strategy. And then some of that strategy, I think we highlight, not just new area, actually it's enhanced our Core EDA to drive even more adoptions, and then leverage on some of the refined IP strategy that we focus on and then to drive some of the success in the expanded ecosystem.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: And just a little bit, Mitch, on the numbers. The systems business is approximately 40% of our business. It has expanded our TAM and it's growing nicely.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar from BoA Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. I had a few of them. First one either Lip-Bu or Geoff. I'm just trying to understand on your guidance, is there a way you can quantify the negative impact from the semiconductor customer consolidation and the positive from your share gains in product traction, or is the impact of semi consolidation overblown that it's really de minimis? Then I had a few follow-up.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah, Krish, it's really de minimis, had minimum impact on the revenue from consolidation. And, again, I think there's also opportunities that come from consolidation to us that are harder to track for 2017, right? It's de minimis for 2017.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, got it. And then, a couple of other questions. One is, your hardware business, I'm guessing that includes emulation and FPGA prototyping. Is there a way to quantify the market size in 2017 for each of those two categories?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: I think it's kind of hard. I think what we've generally said is both of these businesses are growing because of a secular trend, which is benefiting the whole industry and certainly, as you saw, we had a record year last year in hardware, particularly driven by the Z1.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: And in some way, for the advanced node complex silicon and system design, hardware emulation is very critical, so that they can – shipping their product faster, because whatever their design, they can verify much closer. And then this hardware/software co-design, co-verification is really the bottleneck. And so, we're going to see continued growth and demand. And Palladium Z1 is really enterprise class, people love it. And then the customers, when they're starting to use Palladium – and they just find they want to buy more, because the capacity requirement, the benefit they receive and then time to market improvement is tremendous value to them and that's why we see very good growth for us.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, got it. And then the final question, the operating margin is expanding about 100 basis points this year. Is it primarily a function of some of your digital investments winding down now that you're getting the traction or is there something else going on that actually high 20s, 30% Op margin in the future is probably a reality?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: So glad you noticed that our operating margin improved by 100 basis points. I think it's less that we're continuing to make investment. But I think we're seeing the results of investment show up with extremely strong digital growth last year and particularly in Q4 and we expect that growth to continue into the next year, plus the results from all the rest of our businesses rolling in.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: And in some ways, Geoff and I will continue to drive the productivity efficiency to drive success and then scale the business.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks, guys. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good evening. Lip-Bu and Geoff, you noted a couple of times that semi consolidation had had a minimal impact and that in itself is not too terribly surprising. But the question really is when we consider actual levels of semi R&D, is there some rate of growth that you think you do need to see to sustain your growth in EDA? The reason I ask is, when we look at a composite of semi R&D, at least for the third quarter of last year, the latest data available, semi R&D does appear to have somewhat declined sequentially Q1 through Q3 of last year, was flat to slightly down year-over-year, not too terribly much. But that helps you keep a minimal impact. But at what level of growth, if any, do you think you really need to see in semi R&D setting aside systems customers to sustain your core EDA growth?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah, Jay, let me start first. I think now clearly our focus on the leading company, the top 20 and when they do more and more consolidation, actually it's very interesting. They actually spend more money in R&D, because they want to continue their leadership. And so, by focusing on the right customer and then really drive efficiency, drive the most innovating products to help them, and I think we're going to see that opportunity for us. So that's why I think the impact is minimum. And then secondly, we are very well positioned to getting greater opportunity going forward, and also I think I mentioned earlier the system company, the SDE strategy that we are pursuing. We get that. And also, I think that China, the semiconductor company are (41:05) very determined to get a domestic semiconductor ecosystem industry and we are well positioned to work closely with those customers, to help them – successful. So I think overall, I think we do the right thing, and then focused with the right customer and engage heavily on the customer with the innovation product. And at the end of the day I always strongly believe the best product wins.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. The follow-up question is how you're thinking about some of your internal investment priorities for 2017 and beyond. When we consider your need to hire people or bring people on, one thing we noticed recently was an unusually large increase in job openings that you're looking to fill in Asia, much more pronounced than we'd seen before. And again, that in itself is also logical given the importance of that market to EDA, but how are you thinking about your head count expansion plans, at least in that part of the world from a geo (42:07) perspective? And then from a product perspective, one area that we noticed that you seemingly are looking to spend more on or add people in is synthesis, which is interesting too because Synopsys seems to be doing the same thing and Mentor to some extent. So perhaps you could talk a little bit about what's going on in the synthesis market that has otherwise been pretty flat as far as revenues are concerned for the last many years?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: So I think, Jay, let me try to answer the R&D side, and then Geoff can talk about the other portion in terms of internal priority. From the R&D point of view, I think clearly we will continue investing in digital and in signoff, because we are proliferating with our customers, the leading customer. And then secondly, we're going to continue double down on some of the verification side, because that's where the bottleneck on some of the customer shipment. And then, in terms of the digital front, I'll just go a little bit deeper and we are right now very focused on the full-flow. And so, not just the place and route, the signoff. Synthesis is very important. We have a new product came out, very well received and right now our priority focus is full-flow. And the customer looking for full-flow optimization productivity gain in terms of the PPA, performance, power, and area and the runtime so that they can drive their efficiency. So I think that part, we're going to continue to double down. And then the other part, we are (43:43) really exciting is the IP business, because the outsourcing trend is accelerating and then also the Tensilica, we talked a little bit more earlier in the machine learning. I'm a big fan of the machine learning and VR/AR and then some of these infrastructure changes that they're more programmable and more power efficiency. And that really play into the Tensilica strength. So I think, all-in-all, I think we have all the right elements. I think the key challenge for us is really drive customer success and then recruit the best talent in the industry, outside the industry globally if we can get one, and then continue to do the innovation and then make sure that customers are successful in their timely fashion in their design and then the tape-out. So I think that's our high-priority.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: All right. And then lastly for, Geoff, on emulation. Your cost of revenue for product and maintenance increased sequentially by about $19 million from the third quarter. So just to be clear, $13 million of that was due to the write-down for XP II, which perhaps has reached end-of-life now. And therefore the remaining $6 million or so would have been largely tied to a sequential increase in hardware from Q3, and therefore there would have been a strong, by inference sequential increase in emulation revenue for the quarter, possibly leading to a record quarter for hardware in Q4.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. So on the reserves, yes, we took a $13 million charge in Q4 for XP, not just XP II, but XP, right, as we're reaching the end-of-life for that product. That was on top of the $5 million in Q3. And so, that was the major thing. We're not breaking out hardware beyond that in Q4. But as we said, hardware was a record year last year, mostly driven by Z1.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Valera from Needham & Company. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company Inc.: Thank you. Lip-Bu, I was wondering how you would characterize the macro environment for your customers entering 2017 versus 2016. I know you mentioned that semis look a little bit better this year with at least some growth expected, but can you just put in your own words how you think about the environment this year versus last year?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. As I mentioned, the environment from what I see has improved slightly and I think it's not in general. I think it's more sector specific from my point of view. And I think that I like what I see and engage with the customer. I think automotive, as you all know, the ADAS, the self-driving is a lot of excitement going on right now. And AR/VR, that's a lot, a whole suite of new players coming up. And then the cloud infrastructure, that's something that I'm – very dear to my heart. And clearly, the scalability of the hyperscale web services, they're driving the new changes, and then in terms of more programmability and more scalability, in terms of the storage requirement. And then of course the IoT, not just the consumer IoT, a lot of industrial IoT to drive productivity and to drive efficiency and more intelligent and machine learning, deep learning on the cloud and on the edge. And then there's a lot of new changing landscape and, of course, the whole aerospace and defense application and their requirements. So those, I think, drive the 2017 semiconductor growth and I'm excited about it. And I think Cadence, well-positioned to capture some of this and then clearly they are driving some of the most advanced nodes and design and also they are looking at holistic approach from just design all the way to verification to the PCB board, packaging, design and then all the way to the system hardware, software design and verification and then I like what we have in that – in our (48:11) portfolio.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company Inc.: All right. Thank you for that, Lip-Bu. A question for Geoff, and first I'm glad to hear you'll be staying on for another year, Geoff. The question, just want to revisit the operating margin. It is nice to see that you're guiding for about a percentage increase this year. Just wondering, going back a ways, there was a point when you guys talked about kind of a target incremental operating margin. And I know you kind of got away from that as you got into the investment mode here. Is there any thought of getting back to that sort of target as you move forward, some kind of target for leverage in the model or are we going to kind of play this year-by-year?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah, so our strategic priority, Rich, remains to develop innovative products and to drive customer value, customer success. And so that remains our concentration. But as you noted, we started guiding 2015 at 25%, 2016 at 26% and this year at 27%. So we are seeing the impact of those investments working out. So I think that's the positive, but we're not guiding – we're concentrating on strategic priority, which is innovative products.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company Inc.: Got it. And then, just with respect to the written down emulation product, if you sell that product you guys are going to kind of call that out in your COGS, I mean, essentially you have sort of zero cost inventory, I guess, now?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. If we happen to sell stuff, it would be largely at zero cost. We also have maintenance requirements going forward on XPs (49:53) that are out in the field. So that will also consume some inventory. So, yeah, if we're selling at zero COGS, as you know, the SEC requires you to disclose how much is sold at zero COGS. So we'll let you know.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company Inc.: Okay. Very good. Thanks very much, gentlemen.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Hi, guys. I wanted to drill into, first, the 20% growth with the top-20 semi companies. Is there additional color you can give us in terms of how much of that was expanding usage by more design teams versus taking down additional tools versus selling to new maybe top-20 that you weren't doing as much or maybe any business with previously?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Sterling, let me start first. Clearly, we are excited. Our investment is starting to pay-off now and I think, clearly, in some of our – entire new suite of tool that we develop and clearly customer see the benefit in term of the performance, power, area, and runtime and it can help them to drive these complex designs. So the top-20 semiconductor company plus several top-tier system companies are really adopting the Innovus. And then right now we are working closely with them in terms of full-flow design, and that is very important so that they can really count on us to design their most complex chip and can be fabricated in the most advanced node, the 10-nanometer to 7-nanometer and towards later on to the 5-nanometer. So I think overall, they basically start with – work with us and then adopting some of our tool and then now we are starting to not just a couple of projects, now there are some group and their (51:58) design and either it's a CPU or either it's a GPU or either a specific SoC that they are starting to adopt, making us as a standard for the design and that is huge for us. And then right now the baseball terminology, we are in the third inning now and then the fourth and fifth inning will be really driving the success in terms of fully proliferate across all their engineering team.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got you. And then one follow-up would be, Geoff, I think the non-GAAP R&D expenses dropped sequentially more than I have seen in my memory anyway. Was that just the timing of the restructuring or what other items drove that and is there any snapback that we should expect in that R&D spend in the first half of 2017?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. So a couple things always happen in the latter half of the year for us, Q3 and in Q4. First is, the Social Security goes down and frequently to zero as people go over the Social Security cap. Second is the vacation time goes up in the second half of the year, both in Q3 for the summer and in Q4 for the holidays. So those two obviously are the biggest drivers and you should expect some snapback in R&D in Q1 as a result.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: In closing, 2016 was a year of great success and 2017 present us with exciting opportunities. I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, board of directors and hardworking employees for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Design Systems fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Cadence Design Systems, Inc. Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc. Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mike, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there'll be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you, Mike, and welcome everyone to our third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With me today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO, and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com, and will be archived through December 16, 2016. Copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Next please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements (1:05) that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to the financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. Additionally, a copy of today's press release dated October 24, 2016 for the quarter ended October 1, 2016 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We were pleased by our results for the third quarter, as Cadence continues to execute on (2:42-3:00) $84 million. Let me start with the environment today. Semiconductor conductors business conditions continue to be mixed with some sectors performing better than others. Favorable trends including cloud and datacenter, automotive, artificial intelligence, and video. While semiconductor consolidation has not had a material impact on our business this year, it may present challenges over the next few years. And at the same time, our relentless focus on innovation, execution, and helping our customers succeed is driving our momentum in the marketplace and our opportunity continue to grow with system companies. Which leads me to our System Design Enablement or SDE strategy. SDE open up additional growth opportunity, as it take us beyond a horizontal focus on semiconductors and moves us to a system company focus on end-market products and vertical market segments, thus increasing our customer base. One important SDE trend is the adoption of our market leading IC packaging solutions for applications in which the IC package is becoming a primary system integration platform. In Q3, we expanded our business with BAE Systems, including system-level integration using our IC packaging solution and with significant adoption of our Innovus and Genus Digital IC design flow for SoC design. And we delivered a comprehensive system design solution for TSMC advanced wafer-level Integrated Fan-Out packaging technology known as InFO. TSMC awarded Cadence with a Partner of the Year award for development of this solution. Our System Design and Verification group delivers a holistic verification suite of connected solutions that are based on strong core engines and optimized for total verification throughput which include Palladium for emulation, Incisive for simulation, and JasperGold for formal verification. In Q3, Palladium Z1 continued its strong momentum adding nine new customers. Continuing with the SDE theme, five of the new Palladium customers were system companies including a major aerospace company. Mobileye adopted the Palladium Z1 for the development of automotive vision technology for ADAS applications. And Fujitsu adopted Palladium Z1 for the development of its ARM v8-based Post-K supercomputer, the next-generation flagship supercomputer in Japan. Overall, verification is especially critical in automotive applications, and to that end in Q3, we expanded our business with Infineon in the area of automotive functional safety. Our digital and signoff products continue to gain momentum with the top 20 semiconductor companies. Overall, we had six full digital flow wins in Q3. A global system company is deploying our Innovus implementation solution for advanced node designs. And a market-shaping semiconductor company, pleased with the performance of our digital solutions, exercised the growth option in its contract to begin proliferation across its design groups. Tempus, our timing signoff solution, now has nearly 150 customers with rapid growth in mixed-signal timing signoff. The number of 10-nanometer tape-outs with our solutions is growing rapidly. And we work closely with TSMC to certify our implementation and signoff tools, and integrated flow for 7-nanometer designs. Next I will move on to IP, which is a strategic business for us, a key component for our SDE strategy. First, I will discuss our strategy, and then will provide highlights for the quarter. During the quarter, we completed our review of our IP business strategy. The result of the review is that we significantly increased our focus on: standardized, off-the-shelf IP; certain strategic vertical markets; and most advanced process nodes, while deemphasizing more customized IP. IP remains an important business for us. The IP market opportunity is strong as the outsourcing trend continues, thus creating opportunities for future growth. We are confident that these refinements will drive sustainable and scalable growth, and we expect our IP business to return to modest sequential growth for Q4. We have some great IP product highlights for Q3. Virtual and augmented reality are exciting new technologies that I'm watching closely. The Tensilica architecture provides unmatched performance and power efficiency of this type of application. I'm thrilled that our Tensilica processors are at the heart of the holographic processing unit in Microsoft's HoloLens AR headset, using 24 Tensilica Xtensa cores. Cadence has worked closely with TSMC to develop some of the first design IP offerings for the 7-nanometer process, offering earlier access to protocols that are optimized for mobile and high-performance computing applications. We have already delivered 7-nanometer DDR IP to a top tier Asia-Pacific customer. We also introduced a broad portfolio of interface and memory design IP solutions for automotive applications using TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET Compact process. Cadence delivered the first design IP for MIPI SoundWire Version 1.1 for high quality audio solutions and demonstrated interoperability with Realtek. So, now, in summary, we are executing on our strategies and Cadence delivered good operating results for Q3. Interest in the Palladium Z1 remains strong with adoption by nine new customers in Q3. Our digital and sign-off solutions maintained their momentum with market-shaping customers. We completed the review of our IP business strategy, and with our new focus we expect the business to return to modest sequential growth in Q4. Our IC packaging solutions are growing in importance as a key component of System Design Enablement. And we won four TSMC Partner of The Year awards for collaboration on both 7-nanometer mobile and high performance computing design flows; InFO IC packaging solution and our analog and mixed signal IP. Now, I will turn the call over to Geoff to review the financial results and provide our outlook.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone. Execution was good in Q3 with key operating metrics meeting or beating our expectations. Total revenue was $446 million, in line with our expectations. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26%. GAAP net income per share was $0.23, and non-GAAP net income per share was $0.30. Operating cash flow was $84 million, and we repurchased 9.6 million shares of stock for $240 million, over 3% of the shares outstanding at the end of the prior quarter. Also note that the weighted average contract life was 2.5 years. Recurring booking and revenue mix has remained approximately 90% for the past year. DSO was 34 days, down 1 day from Q2. Due to an increase in hardware leases driven by strong hardware sales, DSO has increased by 6 days and long-term receivable has increased by $13 million compared to Q3 of 2015. Now let's turn to our outlook. There are no changes to our fiscal 2016 outlook for the midpoints of bookings, revenue, operating margin, EPS or cash flow. We have narrowed the ranges on bookings, revenue and EPS. We expect: bookings in the range of $2.03 billion to $2.07 billion, which equates to 8% growth at the midpoint; revenue in the range of $1.81 billion to $1.82 billion, which would be a 7% growth at the midpoint; non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 26%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.74 to $0.76; non-GAAP EPS of $1.19 to $1.21; and operating cash flow in the range of $380 million to $420 million. And for Q4, we expect: revenue in the range of $463 million to $473 million; non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 27%; GAAP EPS in the range of $0.18 to $0.20; and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.32 to $0.34; approximately 90% of the revenue is expected to come from beginning backlog. Also note that we are launching a voluntary retirement program in Q4, and we've included the estimated cost of $12 million in our GAAP outlook. You can find guidance for additional items in the CFO Commentary. Now with that, operator, we'll take your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Good evening. Lip-Bu, let me start with you with a couple of related market questions. You noted in your prepared remarks that you've so far been able to avoid the anticipated adverse effects of semiconductor customer consolidation. Perhaps, remind us why you've been able to avoid that so far? And relatedly, it would seem that EDA, as a percentage of semiconductor R&D, has remained fairly steady. That relationship has held more or less the same. But could you talk about other current or leading indicators that you're relying upon now to forecast or anticipate your business? What else would you be looking at besides semi R&D to gauge the environment?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: So, thank you, Jay, for good questions. So, couple of things. One, first of all, I think, let me touch on a little bit about the environment. So, I think we all know that the semiconductor business is very challenging and quiet mixed. And some of the statistics shown that this year will not have growth for semiconductor overall in the sector. But meanwhile, I think fairly there's some great opportunity in terms of longer term, and I mentioned the mobile video related machine learning, deep learning, artificial intelligence automotive and it will be significantly increased some of the design opportunity especially in the system company and also in an IP core area. And so, to get back to your question about consolidation, so, clearly, I think this year is slower than last year in terms of the large consolidation. And then, clearly, we are very mindful, we pay a lot of attention about the consolidation activity. We do not expect any material impact to our business in 2016, but the next couple of years and challenging for us to forecast and it's too early estimate some of the impacts. And then a question about how do we avoid, and clearly, we're engaging with our customers, collaborate deeply with the customer and make sure that whatever the new design, new product development we are heavily engaging, especially some of the new product development and also some of the new advanced node they are embarking on either the 10-nanometer or 7-nanometer. And so those are the things that we try to really engage steadily with the customers and that's the best way to kind of avoid some of the consolidations. And then the other part, the impact. And then the other part in term of your question about the indications, the best indication for me is when we view it, as you know, very legally (18:55) with the customers. They see our new technology, new development and new product, and then quite early (19:01) embarking on something that is really exciting like machine learning, deep learning is going to be a huge impact to our overall industry across all the different verticals either in automotive or in the search engine in some of the genomic sequencing developments. And we are actively engaging with our customer in R&D development. And as a trend, we've seen that they're very firm (19:26) with us, and then we make sure that our products and our tools providing the differentiating solutions that we're looking for in order to success in the marketplace.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: All right. Thanks. Let me finish up with just couple of related product questions. When we look at the industry data over the last number of years, we see a number of product categories each of which you participate in that have had fairly steady growth on a trailing 12-month basis, and in some cases for a couple of years or more. For example, custom layout has been consistently a good category for a number of years, place and route, parts of physical verification have been doing pretty well on a steady basis. On the other hand, analog/mixed-signal has been flat to down; RTL simulation, important category, flat to down; and synthesis as well. So, you participate in each of these categories to varying degrees. And my question is, what headwinds or impediments would you anticipate for those categories that had been consistently good so far. On the other hand, what possible tailwinds would you anticipate for those categories like AMS and RTL and so forth that have otherwise been kind of lagging for the last couple of years?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. Very good question. So let me touch on some of the topic that you mentioned earlier about the category of products. And so, as I mentioned earlier, we are very focused on the customer engagement in some of their new product development, and that's where our tool come in and IT come in. And so clearly, the complexity of some of this design and the opportunity become very clear to us. For example, in the machine, deep learning our Tensilica (21:20) and a lot of customers very interested in our Tensilica related area. In term of some of this aggressive either in machine learning or graphic or the CPU related, place and route and then synthesis and then the verification becomes critical for them in term of get to market quicker and the complexity of the design and the layout. And also they're worried about the power and signal integrity issue in terms of the end-to-end. So, our IC packaging that I highlight become very critical. And then the PC part, in terms of security, in terms of power, signal integrity become very, very compelling for them to engage with us. So I think overall, I will say that across the board all the product looking forward we're excited about the opportunity, and the customer feedback and then they really like the performance that we have and then the engagement model that we continue to stay humble, working with them and then with the can-do attitude to really drive success for the customer, they love it. And that's why I think across the portfolio that you look at, even the custom analog side, we see continued growth especially in the mixed-signal side and then we are the de facto standard and for the last decade. And a lot are moving into the advanced node. So, we are really aggressive more on the 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer, and also proactively, more than 100 customers right now are using our Virtuoso in the most advanced FinFET. And so I think I see continual growth because of mixed signal requirements and especially in the automotive side and in some of this power related concern that they have, they're starting to really embrace our solution that we can really drive the low-power solution they need to meet their envelope requirement.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thanks very much.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Krish Sankar from Bank of America.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Actually I have a few of them. Lip-Bu, just to follow up on the semi R&D impacting EDA industry down the road, is the voluntary retirement program you announced kind of tied to that where you expect the growth to slow? Along the same path, you've done about, in the last couple of years – this year, you're going to grow about 7%, in the last couple of years between 8% to 10%. On a go-forward basis, what do you think is the right growth rate for the industry? Then I had a few other questions to follow up. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. Good question. And I think you mentioned about the R&D impact and then some of the retirement program that Geoff will be able to highlight to you. But clearly, we continue to drive the innovative part in driving the solution, the performance of the tool, the PPA power performance area and the runtime drive the productivity for the customer to work with them to really drive some of this efficiency, time to market. Like for example, our Palladium is a very good one that we can really drive some of this verification requirement they need and also the Incisive with our Rocketick acquisition we can really drive some of this runtime and then the build time requirement the customer needs. And then so, I think, all in all, not just to help our customer to drive efficiency and we also look at ourselves how we can drive efficiency in terms of our own organization, and so that we can really drive the customer engagement so that make sure that we cannot just continue pull a lot of AE and support and we drive some of the product quality performance. We have a big quality effort so that we can really drive efficiency across the organization. And then, Geoff can highlight a little bit more about the retirement program.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: So, on the voluntary retirement, it is something that we've done from time to time in the past for our employees. It does allow us to, of course, focus on our return to our shareholders also. So I think it's a win-win solution.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. Got you. All right. And then I had a couple of other quick questions. One is, for Lip-Bu, you guys are gaining traction on the emulation market. Curious to know your view on the physical prototyping, would the HAPS business be something of interest to you? So, it looks like lot of the customers are beginning to outsource, would that be of interest for your emulation hardware platform or is it too smaller market? And then along the same type for Geoff, you guys have done about $240 million a quarter share buyback pretty consistently that's going to get done by Q4 this current quarter. So, I want to know your thoughts on capital returns when you look into 2017, buybacks, any dividend or plan to take on any more leverage. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. Good question. So, let me address the first question you have about the emulation and the prototyping. So, clearly our Palladium Z1 is the most successful launch for our emulation business. We continue to see a lot of growth and then used models. And so we continued to drive some of the new used models that are very exciting for us. And then the other part is clearly beside selling a lot to our clear leading semiconductor company and anything below that 40-nanometer process design, this is a must have and it's very scalable, the capacity is very strong, 9.2 billion gates over 2,000 concurrent users, and that is the scale that we have and also is a very datacenter-class reliability that we have. I think customers just love it. We continue to see more new customers, and we mentioned about the aerospace, mobilize and Fujitsu for the super supercomputer, they're all using ours. I think that clearly we also double down on the prototyping side. We have the Protium, the series of product family, and we're adding our FPGA prototyping scale and capacity and performance and stay tuned. And we're going to continue to drive that and a mixture that is fully integrated verification, not just a Palladium prototyping Protium and then with our Incisive Rocketick and then also our kind of very successful the formal verification JasperGold. And in fact, this quarter is the best quarter we have. And so, we continue to drive success and some people think about verification, they think about Cadence verification suite of products and that drive the performance that they need.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: And, Krish, on the buyback, we remain committed to the $1.2 billion repurchase program, which as you point out ends in Q4. So far we've repurchased over 45 million shares for $916 million. That's approximately 15% of the shares outstanding when the program began in July of 2015. As always, we look at how our program balances our need for investment in our business. The appropriate level of risk for our business model and operating environment, and of course opportunities to return cash to shareholders. We regularly review our capital structure along those same lines and will continue to do so. At this time, we're not commenting on 2017.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, guys.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Farhan Ahmad from Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks for taking my question. My question is regarding your revenues, the breakup between semi versus systems. You've noted in the past that about 40% of the revenues for you guys come from systems. I was wondering if you can provide some color on your overall growth. How is the growth for semi versus systems tracking this year? And is one portion of the business growing faster than the other?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Hi, Farhan. So, welcome to the call. So, our ratable model means that we don't see large swings in revenue-based metrics from quarter-to-quarter, period-to-period. Our system business was strong in Q3, as Lip-Bu pointed out in some of the prepared remarks and is growing nicely, but also our semi businesses is growing. And so the differential isn't as great as you would expect. We remain approximately 40% of our businesses in systems business, and we'll let you know when that changes materially.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Thank you. And then one question on your IP. Lip-Bu noted in the prepared comments that Tensilica, the HoloLens when it was pretty significant. I was wondering if you could provide some color on what's the long-term opportunity of DSP cores and high performance computing or like in visual processing if you guys have done any kind of market sizing related to that, that would be helpful.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Sure. So let me touch on that topics. So I think clearly Tensilica, as you know, is a DSP programmable processor engine, and very low power. And so, this is really suitable for all the kind of vertical computing engine, something that really, really excite me is this whole machine learning, deep learning and vision processing related area for ADAS and also for genomic sequencing and for search engine. And I think this is going to be a really – open up a lot of opportunity for us. And so, clearly, not just the hardware itself, and also the software, the algorithm, the library that can be playing a very important role providing a solution. So, I think, overall, we are excited about it. And this Tensilica is an area that we are doubled down in that investment. And meanwhile, we did refines in our strategy refinement that we make to the design IP that integrate with our Tensilica providing that kind of interface we need and high-speed and intermodal memory that they need to drive some of these applications. So, overall, we're excited about this opportunity for Tensilica opportunity for us.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you. That's all I have.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just two quick ones. So, first on the semiconductor IP, so can you talk about when you expect that piece to start showing some growth and then maybe some share change that's happening in that segment.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Your question is when? So, I think, clearly, we...
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC: (32:28).
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. So, clearly, as I mentioned, with the refinement of our strategy and our more focus on the standard off-the-shelf IP and then some of the vertical markets strategically for us and also the most advanced process and deemphasize the customized IP. And we believe that this is going to be a return to that moderate sequential growth for Q4, and this outsourcing trend that is happening and that will grow even further future growth. And I mentioned earlier some of the highlights I make in the VR, AR, machine learning, deep learning and then the most advanced node, the 7-nanometer process, the design IP with our partners at TSMC and our IP partners, and then also in the automotive applications side on the 60-nanometer FinFET and then some of the audio standard and VIP 10 new – critical new standard protocols. So I think those are the things that we're going to help driving the future growth.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Hey, Mitch, and welcome to the call. This is Geoff. So, as we always do, we normally provide our 2017 outlook when we do our Q4 earnings. So, stay tuned for January-February timeframe.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And then just one small one on the cash flow. If we were to look out kind of in the, I guess, 2017, is there any reason why you guys can't continue to grow that line? I know it wasn't really uptick for the full year and just maybe talk about the dynamics there.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. So, stay tuned for our 2017 guidance in January-February. We'll let you know then.
Operator: And the next question is from Monika Garg from Pacific Crest Securities.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First, on the R&D line. Geoff, if we look R&D's percentage of revenue is like 38.4% this quarter, year-over-year definitely, it used to be 33% to 34% of revenue. So, do you see it normalizing from here or is it a new normal and kind of factors leading to such high revenue, especially in 2016?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: So, couple points. Obviously, in Q3, revenue stepped down from Q2, which obviously changed the denominator of the equation. The second thing I want to point out is, we've focused from the beginning of this year and talked about this being an investment year for we're investing in our innovative solutions. And I think you're seeing that show up in R&D expense. We'll comment on the future in the future.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. Then if I look at acquisitions, what Cadence has historically made is more tuck-in smaller acquisitions. Going forward, could you comment on the scale of acquisitions, which you would be interested to? Is it similar scale we should think about or could it be much larger than previously you've done?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah, Monika, let me address that issue. I think, clearly, if you follow our last eight years, we are very disciplined in terms of our approach to M&A, and clearly the acquisitions have to meet some of the key criteria. One is the fit and further our strategy, the FTE strategy that we embark on. And then secondly, clearly, we want to look for products that are differentiating technology, and a lot of time our leading customer will indicate to us what are the new technology we need to integrate into ours. And then, clearly, the top talent either managerial and technical talents. If you look our executives, we all spot for the good talent for the managerial or technical leadership that we're looking for. And of course, we hold ourselves accountable to our team and also to our board, and in term of the ROI, the return on investment synergy that we're looking for and we hold ourselves accountable for that. So, with that in mind, either it's a big or small acquisition, we apply the same strategy, same criteria and then we work very close with our board and then our executives work as one team. We debate and decide what is the right thing to do for the company and what is the product enhancement to meet our customer. At the end of the day, it's really meet the customers and satisfy our customers in terms of helping them design the best products they can in a timely fashion.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. Thanks. Then just as a follow-up on the IP question. If we look year-to-date IP revenue, year-over-year is down high single digits, 7%, 8%. So first of all, is it in line with your expectations? And then, IP is a secular growth market, as you also highlighted. Do you see it going back to the industry growth rate over the next couple of years?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. I think as I mentioned in my remarks, and this is very important business, IP to us, and clearly, there's a lot of growth opportunity because of outsourcing trend. Many of my top customer, they would love to outsource some of them to us, especially the industry standard off-the-shelf IP and also the most advanced node process. And then just to meet and to fulfill the various protocol that keep changing, they will prefer to outsource, it's a very heavy investment. So I think we are very good in terms of try to do that and then meet our customer requirement. But what we did is the refinement is to de-emphasize some of the kind of one-off customized IP and then really focus on some of the standard and in the market that we are pursuing – we mentioned quite a few of that – and then also in the most advanced nodes. So I think overall, we look at the IP business, it should be a growing business because of the trend, because of the portfolio we have in Tensilica, the design IP and VIP, and those I think will have the foundation for us to grow in some of the vertical that we are pursuing and the advanced node and the mixed signal we are pursuing.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you so much.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Rich Valera from Needham & Co.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. Lip-Bu, you mentioned the term System Design Enablement several times in your prepared remarks, and I understand this is sort of part of your focus on system customers. But is there anything more to that than sort of a marketing statement? Are there actual products you're developing, or channels or infrastructure within the company that you're developing incrementally to kind of pursue this System Design Enablement strategy as you put it?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. Very good question, Rich, and a couple of points I just want to highlight. And it's not just a marketing campaign work, as you know, for the last eight years, we had been very focused on executions. And then the System Design Enablement, what it really mean is to provide the solution that a system company can optimize for their differentiations and then with the end product in mind. And that's something that I think we have a unique position. Beside the tool, beside the IP, we also have the PCB and IC packaging uniqueness that I highlight in my earnings script this time and because a lot of this system company and service provider, they're looking for that software, hardware co-design, co-verification, and also the packaging and become end-to-end solution providing the power, signal integrity, the interference, all within the envelope of the system company and that they have that requirement they need to meet. And of course, the time to market is critical, and also, they need to have that scalability they're looking for. And that's why you see Palladium has that kind of scalability and performance checking that they need in terms of complex system. And I mentioned earlier this one major aerospace company see the benefit of using our Palladium and again really testing the system level solution that meet their requirement of their design. And then, same thing, this Fujitsu on their supercomputer design, they're starting to see the benefit of we not only providing the tool, the hardware, the IP portfolio. And so those are the things that we're going to continue to highlight. Previously – last quarter, we mentioned about Northrop Grumman, and then this time, we mentioned about BAE Systems, and that are not only using our digital flow and also using our IC packaging that are uniquely qualified for their spec, that requirement they need.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you for that, Lip-Bu. And then, Geoff, I think, this one's for you. You mentioned you're seeing more leasing of emulators. Can you talk about how that could impact your model, revenue and otherwise, if that continues to become a bigger piece of your business?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. I mean we've had a lot of strength in our hardware business as you know this year. It's been a very good year, and Z1 has been a very successful product. I think the point is our DSO will go up, and so our long-term receivables go up as we sell more hardware and as we lease more hardware. So I think that's the key point that I want to make.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. Thank you. That's it for me, gentlemen.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks, guys. Had a couple of questions. Hopefully, it's not a repeat of the prepared remarks. But Lip-Bu, you were very difficult to hear. I couldn't really catch much of what you were saying in the beginning.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. We're sorry. We understand that we've had audio problems today. So we want to remind you that our prepared remarks will be posted on our website after the call. So thanks for mentioning that.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. We appreciate it. So just following on what Rich was talking about in terms of functional verification or the emulation specifically, I think the functional verification revenue line only grew 7% if I'm not mistaken year-over-year as compared to 40% last quarter, 23% the quarter before that. How much of that was something that was happening in emulation versus the rest of it, so just can you give us some more color as to what's driving that significant deceleration?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. As you would expect and as I think we said in our Q2 call, we expected Q3 to be actually have lower revenue than Q2. Certainly, functional verification in emulation was a large piece of that.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: What goes into that? Is that lease versus sales? Is it lead times on emulators?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. It's the fact that we're taking our business as it kind of naturally occurs. Right? We don't want to change our dynamics or our value calculations in any way, so we want to take it when our customers want the product. By the way, that came after two record quarters in both Q1 and Q2. So I think we expect a little bit of a downturn and that's what happened in Q3.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And on the lease idea, can you give us a sense of what portion of that emulation business is leased? And I think Rich started to allude to it, but is that recognized ratably when you're leasing the equipment? So maybe just start with those two.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. So leasing is recognized, the revenue is recognized upfront because it's a lease, but we collect the cash over a period of time. And I think that's key for us.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And what percentage of that emulation business is leased?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: It remains a small portion. We don't break out the details, but it remains a small portion of it. We do want to point out that we've had a very good year. Right? And we expect that to continue in Q4. The guidance at this point for Q4 includes everything we know. Product mix has certainly been a factor this year. Hardware has been better than expected for us, offset by IP revenue, that was a little bit below our expectations. We do also expect – in Q3, we saw some and in Q4, we'll see some of the costs at the end of the life of Palladium XP.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And then last question, since it is a public forum and I know you can't answer too directly around Mentor Graphics and some of the comments and thoughts around possible acquisition, et cetera. I wouldn't expect you to say yes, you're interested in buying the whole company, but wondering if I could ask the question this way. Given the history with the company, I think there's always been an attractiveness for the Caliber line from the other vendors in EDA. But your product portfolio has changed over time. Is Caliber as a technology is interesting and is complementary to Cadence today as it was, say, in 2007?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah, I think the – Sterling, first of all, and we have a lot of respect for our friend, Mentor, and then the management team. And they are very important industry player, and clearly, as you know, we don't comment on some of these topics. And we have lot of respect for them, their products, as you know, Caliber is well known in the industry. And so I think we'd just stop there and we're not going to comment on any of the specific.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Diffely from D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yes. Good afternoon. One more IP question. Could you quantify how your change in focus affects the served available (47:19) market that you're going after in IP directly?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. So I think, and as you know, IP is a new business a few years ago and we embarked on that and we grew nicely to 10%, 12% of the revenue for our company and is very strategic for us in our whole key component of our SDE strategy. We reviewed recently IP business strategy, and as I mentioned earlier, we're going to be focused on standard off-the-shelf IP, pursuing the vertical market that we want to pursue. And then the most advanced process nodes. And with de-emphasizing the customized IP, that are kind of more once-off. And it's not many of IP reuse and that's where you're going to make money. And so, I think long-term we like this. It's very important this outsourcing trend continue because a lot of company or customer we talk to, just to catch up and then follow this various protocol that keep coming up. And if they have silicon-proven IP and then they will love to outsource that. So we see that as opportunity. But we're going to be really disciplined just like when we do the M&A. And again, this refined strategy, we are focused on scalability, sustainable and are more focused on the profits and more focused on the quality of the customer, more focused effort into this whole vertical market we're going to go after and the most advanced nodes and then de-emphasizing some of this customized IP.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: From a strategic point of view, that makes a lot of sense. But what percentage of your IP business historically has been in the customized part that you're moving away from?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Tom, we don't break out that. We don't break out the segments of our IP business.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. I was just wondering if – you're expecting another leg down in that business and then growth from that point on.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Now, all we can say is, clearly, this is a refocus. And as you know, when you grow to 10%, 12%, then you're starting to look at, okay, now, you grew to 10, 12%, how is it, is it scalable, is it sustainable and is it profitable. And then, we kind of refine the strategy, then for the next phase of growth and then are more focused and more IP reuse and more repeatable, scalable business model going forward.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: And again, we expect sequential growth from – a modest sequential growth from Q3 to Q4.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. All right. So, I guess moving over then on to the geographical basis, Asia ticked up in the quarter. I was curious is that hardware driven or is that an increase in just the level of software that the Asian customers are starting to use?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. We don't break down the segments by geographic, but obviously, Asia continues to be a strong market for us and a strong driver for us and we anticipate that going forward.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: And just to add on to it, this is Lip-Bu here, the China semiconductor sector actually this year growing at 26% compared to the overall global market is kind of not growing. And so, government have put a lot of effort into it, and Cadence is very well positioned for the two design in IP. And so we are excited about the opportunity, and you see that over time that region is growing.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And, I guess, just finally here then, when you look at the end markets, Lip-Bu, you talked a lot about how semis is a very little or no growth this year. But I'm curious what are you seeing in the growth in the key areas for you like in the logic area and then what are you seeing just for overall design activity with your customers?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. Very good question. And in terms of the growth in the semiconductor and system company area, thing that I like a lot is the cloud data center. That's a C change in terms of the workload requirement and then how to optimize some of the hardware and the container software. I think that's going to be a C change and then the IoT and all this data going to be in the cloud. So the cloud infrastructure are going to be a great opportunity for us. And then the other part is, clearly, the machine, deep learning and that is very broad application to the ADAS and automotive to sequencing genomics, single cell sequencing, to the search engine from the eye to the brain function, that whole neuroscience is intriguing to me. And I think those are going to be driving some of this growth opportunity going forward and then, of course, the security-related across all this vertical will be very interesting to me. And all too is try to optimize to address some of the design challenges and all the different applications and different challenges and also our IP and that the refinement that we make can now be focused on some of this vertical market and then also some of this application opportunity for Tensilica to explore. And with the DSP programmability and low power, it will be really shy just as a Microsoft HoloLens as a example.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. I mean in general, do you see design activity picking up because of the complexity or is the softness with some of the memory divisions and stuff slowing down overall design activity for you?
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Well, in fact, one of the indicator I always look at is how much the new design engagement we have and our hard working, capable employees, they're working really hard. I haven't seen any time in the last eight years, they work harder than today and that tells you the good indication that we are so heavily engaged with some of this new product development.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thank you for your time.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Think you.
Operator: The next question is from Krish Sankar from Bank of America.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks for taking my follow-up. I have two of them. One is, Geoff, you mentioned systems is about 40% of revenues. Can you help us understand how much is auto as a percentage of total revenues or as a percentage of systems? And the second question is, is there any update on this whole ratable accounting thing that you guys have been working with KPMG and the SEC? Looks like at least things are going to be fine for 2017. Kind of curious to know, is the ratable revenue model at risk when you look into 2018 and beyond either for Cadence or the EDA industry? Thank you.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. So we don't breakout auto. We just stay with system companies as about 40% but we do believe it's growing as a portion of our business. On the revenue recognition, my favorite topic, we are still working through the details with our advisors to determine how we'll implement it and what will be the impact if any. There's still a lot of work to be done, not just by us but by most companies. And we expect to retain recurring revenue treatment. I think that's the takeaway I want you to have.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Geoff.
Operator: And the next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you. I just wanted to follow up on Tom's earlier geographic line of questioning. First, it looks like your Americas revenue was down sequentially for the second consecutive quarter and also down slightly year-over-year. Was that largely a function of variability in hardware? And then similarly, your Japan business was down year-over-year for the first time in a year. There had been some hope that Japan might be bottoming for EDA as a whole and perhaps, that was a little premature, but if you could comment on both those regional trends. And then lastly, Geoff, to continue the triangulation of your emulation business, would it be fair to say that the sequential decline of emulation Q2 to Q3 was larger than the corporate decline of revenue? In other words you declined by more than $5 million or so in total corporate in emulation. But you also seem to have had a pretty significant increase in the gross margin year-over-year. You had a decline in cost of revenues for the first time in over a year, but revenues had to have grown in emulation. So it looks like you had a pretty substantial increase year-over-year in the gross margin there, even with a sequential decline of revenues.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: Yeah. So, Jay, to take the geographic question first, I wouldn't read too much into the Americas or Japan or Asia, or whatever else. I think the long-term trends remain intact. Asia will continue to grow. Japan, I think, has probably bottomed out. North America will fluctuate sometimes from quarter to quarter, and clearly, hardware always plays a portion in that because that's the part of our revenue that's upfront. So, I don't read too much into it. As far as emulation, I think the key thing is, the math isn't simple here because we're going through a pretty big change in product mix. We're moving from the Palladium XP, the old generation product to the Z1 and we've said the Z1 will have higher margins, right, than the XP. And I think it's complex to do the accounting from within, it's probably even more complex from you. Please don't read too much into that either.
Operator: And I will now turn the call over to Lip-Bu Tan for closing comments.
Lip-Bu Tan - Cadence Design Systems, Inc.: In closing, we are continuing to innovate and deliver System Design Enablement solutions to our customers. And we're looking forward to continue to execute our strategies and creating value for our shareholders. I want to take this opportunity to thank all our hardworking employees, shareholders, customers and partners for their continued support that made this possible. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: This concludes today' conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Senior Group Director-Investor Relations Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC Gary Mobley - The Benchmark Co. LLC Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co. Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Nicole and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Alan Lindstrom - Senior Group Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Nicole, and welcome everyone to our second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With me today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com, and will be archived through September 16, 2016. A copy of today's prepared remarks will be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Before we start, I want to call your attention to our CFO commentary, which was included in the 8-K filing today and is available on our Investor Relations website at cadence.com. The CFO commentary should be referenced with both today's conference call remarks and the earnings press release issued today. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to the financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the Quarterly Earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. Additionally, a copy of today's press release dated July 25, 2016 for the quarter ended July 2, 2016 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Cadence continues to gain momentum through innovation, execution and relentless focus on helping our customers succeed. We delivered good operating results for Q2. Revenue was $453 million, up 9% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 25%. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.29 and operating cash flow was $80 million. Let us start with the environment. As they have been for some time now, semiconductor business conditions remain challenging as we remain mindful of the consolidation activity in the semiconductor industry. While we do not expect a material impact on our business in 2016, consolidations will present both challenges and opportunities for us over the next few years. But at this point, it is too early to estimate any potential impact in the future. In any event, I want to emphasize the growing opportunity we have with systems companies. A key aspect of our System Design Enablement strategy is to increase our system customer base and participate in new verticals. Q2 was a strong quarter for us from digital implementation to PCB and across newer verticals including automotive, mil/aero and medical. In fact, three of our five largest software contracts were with system customers. Cadence signed a comprehensive agreement with Canon which includes VIP. Business was also good with our semiconductor customer base, one example being a comprehensive, multiple-year agreement with SK hynix. Looking at our Q2 business highlights. I would begin with System Design and Verification. Palladium Z1 continued its strong momentum and we had another record quarter for hardware revenue. Nine new systems and semiconductor companies embraced Palladium Z1 enterprise-class capabilities including Realtek, Imagination Technology (sic) [Technologies] and SocioNet. We also completed the acquisition of Rocketick Technologies and integration is underway. Rocketick brings revolutionary multi-core technology that will provide industry-leading simulation performance using massive parallelism on standard x86-based multicore servers. And revenue for our formal solution which include JasperGold grew nearly 20% year-over-year to a new high for us. Turning now to our System Interconnect and Analysis business, which includes tools for both an IC packaging design and system analysis. This quarter, we introduced our next-generation Allegro and OrCAD product families. These new releases are our most significant in over 10 years and these are flexible board designs now commonly used in automotive, consumer electronics, mobile and writable applications. Revenue for our security analysis tools grew 11% year over year. Also, an exciting virtual reality company adopted our PCB solution. Next, let us move on to our Digital and Signoff Product Group. Our Digital Signoff flow continued to gain momentum with market-shaping customers. In addition, we significantly expanded our business with Northrop Grumman, which adopted Cadence's full digital flow including Innovus, Genus to support their future SoC design requirements. And Cypress Semiconductor adopted our full digital flow for automotive design. Stratus, our High-Level Synthesis Solution, which enables system design through a high level of abstraction had its best booking quarter so far. We continued to invest in strong ecosystem support. Cadence delivered design kits for 10-nanometer implementation of ARM Cortex-A73 and Mali-G71 cores, which were designed with Cadence Digital and Signoff tools. Cadence and ARM also delivered the industry's first end-to-end hosted design solution for IoT design. Intel Custom Foundry certified our implementation and signoff tools for its 10-nanometer FinFET process. And SMIC and Cadence released a 28-nanometer low-power reference flow. Now let us turn to IP, which is strategic business for us and it's important component for our System Design Enablement strategy. Under the leadership of Pieter Vorenkamp, who joined us in April, we are continuing to refine our strategy to focus on sustainable and scalable growth. Tensilica had its best booking quarter ever with the completion of a major renewal with a leading semiconductor company. This customer significantly increased both the scope and size of its relationship with us. Targeting artificial intelligence and machine learning, we released the new Tensilica Vision P6 processor. In another exciting application, a leading virtual reality headset used multiple Tensilica cores. In Design IP, we have made significant progress on 7-nanometer products and signed our first major 7-nanometer contract. In summary, Cadence once again delivered good results in challenging environment. Business with system companies was strong across vertical segments including automotive, mil/aero, medical and mobile. Strong, broad-based demand for the new Palladium Z1 contributed to our best hardware revenue quarter ever. The innovative next-generation Allegro and OrCAD product family strengthened PCB and IC packaging design and analysis. And Digital and Signoff solutions have momentum with our market-shaping customers. And we are growing our business with both systems and semiconductor company. Now, I would turn the call to Geoff to review the financial results and provide our outlook.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone. For Q2, our innovative new products and strong execution contributed to good results in a challenging environment. Total revenue was $453 million, up 9% year-over-year including record hardware revenue. Non-GAAP operating margin was 25%, in line with our expectations. GAAP net income per share was $0.17. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.29, up 7% over the year-ago quarter. Operating cash flow was $80 million and we repurchased 100 million (sic) [10.0 million] shares of stock for $240 million, which represents over 3% of shares outstanding. Now let's turn to our outlook. There are no changes to our fiscal 2016 outlook for the midpoint for bookings, revenue, operating margin, EPS or cash flows, while we have narrowed the ranges on bookings, revenue and EPS. We expect bookings in a range of $2.02 billion to $2.08 billion, which equates to 8% growth at the midpoint. Revenue in a range of $1.80 billion to $1.83 billion, which would be a 7% growth at the midpoint; non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 26%. GAAP EPS in a range of $0.70 to $0.76 and non-GAAP EPS of $1.17 to $1.23; and operating cash flow in a range of $380 million to $420 million. For Q3, we expect revenue in a range of $440 million to $450 million. Non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 25%, GAAP EPS in a range of $0.17 to $0.19 and non-GAAP EPS in a range of $0.27 to $0.29. Approximately 90% of revenue is expected to come from beginning backlog. You'll find guidance for additional items in the CFO commentary. Finally, note while we are maintaining our full-year revenue guidance, we do not – we do expect revenue to decline from Q2 to Q3 due to timing of certain hardware transactions. We expect Q4 revenue to ramp to a midpoint in the neighborhood of $470 million. So, with that, operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mitch Steven (sic) [Steves] from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just real quickly on the hardware platform, just given that was – we saw material revenue for the quarter was the highest ever, can you give us an idea of how much was up year-over-year or the incremental dollars you saw for the product line on a year-over-year basis?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, we don't give that kind of detailed guidance on our individual business segment. What we have said is that we expect hardware revenue to be up year-over-year at better margins with, obviously, that driven by the Z1 product.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And then secondly, if I were to think about the sub-segments within the remaining EDA tool piece, is there any segment that's growing faster than others or a piece that you believe you can potentially gain share at this point?
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think – this is Lip-Bu. I think across the board, I think that all product have been – are moving nicely. Just to highlight in the digital front, we continue to get momentum with our market-shaping customers and I highlighted a couple of key like a mil/aero, Northrop Grumman and then Cypress and a few others. And clearly, we continue to drive the advanced node and also with our Ecosystem panel like ARM and also TSMC, Intel Custom Foundry and SMIC across the board. And then on the custom/analog side, in April, we announced the next generation of the Virtuoso platform and in Environment Suite; that consists of Explorer, Assembler, Compliance and really driving a holistic flow and then in term of suite, we can really provide and then for the customer within the platform. And then meanwhile, we really double, triple down on the advanced node, the 10-nanometer, 7-nanometer applications. So I think overall, looks healthy. And then on the IP side, I think we mentioned earlier, we kind of refine our strategy under the leadership of very capable Pieter Vorenkamp and I'm very pleased with what we has done. He's very strong in execution and very strong in term of delivering to customer and he pay a lot of attention to the customer and (17:06) and he's very, very strong in analog RF area and more than 100 patent file or pending patent. So I think he is a very strong technical and he brought in a very strong team come together; so stay tuned.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Thank you. And just one really small one. For the buyback, is there any change there just given you guys have been buying back about $240 million a quarter? And that's my last one.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So, we've been buying $240 million a quarter and we bought 10 million shares in Q2, I may have said 100 million. So we bought 10 million shares in Q2. We plan, as always, to complete our buyback and believe we have substantial liquidity to do that.
Mitch Steves - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you very much.
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley from Benchmark. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley - The Benchmark Co. LLC: Hi, everyone. Good afternoon. And congrats on a strong quarter. Want to start with the big news from last week that is ARM Holdings being acquired by SoftBank. Given that ARM seemingly is going to be run autonomously as, of course, has been the case for decades now, it would seemingly have little impact on your business. But maybe if you can give any insight as to how Cadence's relationship with ARM may change if at all, whether there might be any change in the marketplace in terms of trust factor or how valuation expectations for some of your M&A targets may have changed in light of the large valuation multiple ARM received?
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, it's a good question. This certainly is a very exciting development in our industry. And then ARM is a very strategic partner for us. We're looking forward to continued relationship and then expand from there. And so stay tuned and we're really excited about it.
Gary Mobley - The Benchmark Co. LLC: Okay. All right. And I have a follow-up question relating to the extended – expected – the extension and the expected contract life now up to 2.6 years as you expected to end, presumably, this year 2016 and that's up a bit from your prior expectations. Is there one large contract that is driving that up?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so generally, we always focus on deal quality and maximizing deal quality. We don't focus on contract term and it will vary and it has varied and will to continue to vary from quarter to quarter. Generally, larger companies prefer longer terms; smaller companies prefer smaller terms. We've said for the year, we expect to be at closer to 2.6, which is within our original 2.4 to 2.6 range. So we're kind of in the neighborhood we expected to be when we started the year.
Gary Mobley - The Benchmark Co. LLC: Okay. Hoping you can give me an update on and your perspective on the IP business? If not mistaken, you were all along expecting the IP business to be flattish in 2016, just – if I'm not mistaken, that was primarily a function of the consolidation taking place in the industry, but are you any more optimistic on that business, or I guess more pessimistic conversely, on the business?
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, first of all, we didn't say that. But I think overall, the IP is a very strategic – very important to us, especially in our whole vision of System Design Enablement, is a very key component of that. And we grew from 0% to over 10% revenue and now the new leadership of Pieter Vorenkamp, since he joined in April, we are delighted and for him to refine the strategy and then reviewing what we have and then make sure that we can really drive the future of sustainable and scalable growth for us. Saying that, clearly we continue to drive success in our IP business. Tensilica, as I mentioned in my script, had the best booking quarter ever, with the completion of a major renewal with a leading semiconductor company. And we also focused on the artificial intelligence, machine learning with our new Tensilica Vision processor and we also have leading virtual reality headset using multiple Tensilica closed wire and that's on the Tensilica side. On the Design IP mentioned earlier, we made significant progress in the 7-nanometer development and we signed our first major 7-nanometer contract. In term of the VIP side, I mentioned that Canon, we signed a comprehensive agreement with Canon including VIP. So overall, I think we continue to drive success in our IP business. I'll give Pieter a little bit time to fine tune his strategy and then when we are ready, we will introduce you our strategy going forward.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And as we go through this transition, we are expecting more modest results in the IP business this year.
Gary Mobley - The Benchmark Co. LLC: Okay. That's it from me. Congrats again. Thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Valera from Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you, good afternoon. I was wondering if you could give any color on how things are going with the consolidations that you've seen so far, how you think you're faring in those and if you think you're maybe being able to gain some share. And then relatedly, how have you seen the pricing around those and the ones that you've done so far. I mean, we've heard some chatter that there's perhaps some fairly aggressive pricing as the various EDA vendors compete to gain or retain share, particularly in the digital side? So any comments there would be helpful. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, Rich. Thanks so much for the question. Clearly, the whole semiconductor consolidation will continue even though it's not the same magnitude as 2015, that over $100 billion consolidation on the semi sector that is relevant to us because they are customer. And we expect this year will be slower, but to be a very active year. And in saying that, I think consolidation, usually the consolidator want to drive efficiency and then drive more productivity and then more synergy going there. As we mentioned earlier, we don't expect any material impact to us in 2016. But in the longer term, there are some opportunity and challenges for us in the next couple of years. So, answer your question, I think clearly the consolidation, it will happen, it will continue. But I think the consolidating company will be stronger and also drive more efficiency and they pay a lot of more attention to productivity. And then from – in term of the pricing point of view, as you know, EDA is a very competitive business, sector-to-sector, product-to-product. From Cadence point of view, we continue to be very disciplined and then drive value. And I think the best way to continue the success is collaborating deeply with our customer and then developing, innovating. I always strongly believe the best product wins. And so, but meanwhile we have to drive value and be disciplined on that. And that's kind of – I will put – I will stop there.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And I think just a few data points, our booking range at $2.02 billion to $2.08 billion still has the same midpoint and our revenue range of $1.80 billion to $1.83 billion still has the same midpoint. So, you're seeing no impact in 2016.
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, fair enough, that's actually a good segue to my next question, Geoff. I mean since – you did tweak up your duration slightly and I mean if you're just sort of picking the midpoint previously up there from 2.5 to 2.6, that be a 4% and I know there's the small numbers here; so you could say it's rounding. But it would imply that you actually have a slightly lower bookings run rate on sort of a time-weighted basis. Is there anything to that or are we just talking kind of rounding here?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I think it's just noise or rounding right within the scheme of things. Our bookings that – we've been quite happy with our bookings this year and we haven't changed the midpoint and the range has been tightened. So we're quite happy with what we're seeing.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. And just one final one, Geoff, any update on the status of the search for your replacement?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Lip-Bu will take that one.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think – let me touch on that. We are in the middle of the comprehensive and thoughtful search. A lot of interest in this position, as you can imagine. We (26:08) and it's a very strong platform that people like to be here and we'd like to know when we have something to tell you. And then meanwhile, Geoff is committed to stay until March 2017.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Well, I'm glad to hear that. Thank you, gentlemen.
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good evening. A couple first for Geoff and then I'll turn to Lip-Bu for a couple of product questions. So, Geoff, for you first, geographic question, it looked as though your – according to the 10-Q out tonight, your Americas revenue was down sequentially from Q1, albeit up year-over-year. Was that mostly just some timing of contracts perhaps related to IT or maybe hardware or whatever you can describe? And then secondly, on the other hand, your Japan business was up for the second quarter in a row year-over-year. And so we've been perennially asking about a possible bottoming in Japan. And so the question there is, is this it? And then a follow-up for you, Geoff, on emulation; then for Lip-Bu.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I mean, obviously, we don't guide individual geographic segments of our business anyhow, but you did get parts of our business, both the hardware and IT business, which are more variable parts of our business and how they turned out in North America and Japan is exactly how you describe it. I don't think I have more relevant comments on that.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. On emulation, according to the Q, your cost of hardware was up just over $10 million year over year. When we combine that with your comments about record revenue for hardware, it would seem to suggest that your emulation absolute cost of revenues might have gone down sequentially even with record revenue, which would of course have led to a good sequential increase in emulation margin, perhaps a few hundred basis points and perhaps even more so year-over-year. So, does that sound about right that you had at least a several hundred basis point improvement in profitability in emulation and is that at all sustainable?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Without obviously commenting on your specific numbers because we can't do that, Z1 was the majority of sales in Q2 and margins on the Z1 are better than the prior XP, so – and having a record quarter, all good stuff.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. So, Lip-Bu, a question on Digital and Signoff, the percentage of revenue from that segment actually went down a little bit sequentially and year over year. But the specific question I'd like you to address is, if you could comment on the expansion and deployment of Tempus, Voltus, Genus and certainly for Innovus that you've been seeing. In other words, you've commented on previous calls about having had several dozen, at least, customers adopt 10% Voltus and so forth. But what isn't entirely clear is if you could comment on what's been going on after initial acceptance, is if broader deployment and expansion beyond perhaps initial design projects for those new products?
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, good question and thank you for asking. Clearly, our Digital and Signoff flow, as you know, we have Innovus for place-and-route and Genus for synthesis and then Tempus for Signoff, Voltus for Power. And so I think these are all very new product coming up last year; even some of them are later part of last year. So, clearly from engagement from customer, we are delighted with the progress we make with the market-shaping customer. They are the leader in the IP industry. They are a very big important customer for us. And so I think first of all, they start to evaluate our tool and then secondly, put some projects and see whether it works. The next thing is a couple of adoptions and to make sure that is stable and can be count on, on the most advanced node, then they're starting to proliferate across the product group. So we are in the various stage of that proliferation. And you know now it's a baseball season and then clearly in the second and third and fourth inning, this is the most critical period coming up right now is a lot of customer look at the tool, the entire flow cannot correlate for the production and that's why we are in, in this in multiple (30:59). And so stay tuned, we are going to continue to drive that. The main reason from the Q3 – Q2 to Q1 because Q1, we have one important order with a foundry and this is a one-off type and clearly part of the proliferation, you will be continue in Q3, Q4 and the beginning of next year. So I think this is a critical period and we continue to highlight to you some of the success we have. Like Cyprus, we announced a full flow that we are extremely excited about the Northrop Grumman and this is the mil/aero side and then using our full digital flow and then for their future SoC design; this is really, really exciting for us and then we're going to continue over time to tell you some of the success we have. But so far, I'm pleased with the progress we made.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And we expect good growth in 2016 overall against 2015 for the Digital business for us.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then lastly if I may for Lip-Bu, referring to automotive, which was of course a major subject at DAC last month, you talked about it earlier. And at DAC last month, it was a very interesting presentation by NXP and they showed some interesting demos of technology that would seem to play to your strengths in custom in terms of automotive telematics and so forth. So the question is really for you, what, so to say, is going on under the hood for Cadence with respect to automotive? What have you really done in terms of organization, investments, resources, particularly the drive, the needs in IC and IP and at the systems level for automotive?
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, it's a very good question. And automotive is a very important vertical market we go after in our whole System Design Enablement and this is a very important strategy we have and then we have a very nice complete portfolio beside the digital front, the analog/mixed-signal is critical in some of the application for automotive. We have a lot of success in that. And then the other part is the IP. Tensilica really play very well in the whole ADAS, autopiloting related area and then we have multiple engagement in that. It's very critical in some of the whole machine learning, deep learning and artificial intelligence and application to the whole automotive driving related area and of course on the IP front, we also have our audio. Audio, we have a lot of success in that. And then the other part very important for us is the PCB. Clearly, we just announced our new generation of Allegro and OrCAD and also through our acquisition, Sigrity, that we grew 11% year-to-year. And then clearly that will provide the signal integrity, the power analysis for the automotive applications. So, I think all in all, we have many important. And then the other part is also I think on the verification front, that we also incorporate some of the function safety requirement into the – our tool and offering a solution and that is very welcome by the automotive, either Tier 1 or the direct automotive companies that see a lot of value from Cadence side.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thanks very much.
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Monika Garg from Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First on the IP side. First half of 2016 is actually lower than first half of 2015. Could you provide some details? Is there some change of strategy?
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think first of all, let me chip in firstly and then Geoff can address the numbers. I think clearly as I mentioned earlier, we just have a new leader and he is reviewing our business and then refining our strategy. Important is in our first phase is grow from 0% to 10% of our revenue. Now, we're going to be driving some of the metrics that we're looking for in terms of sustainable, scalable, profitable operations. And then clearly, in term of the (35:45), Tensilica is a great opportunity; we're going to double down on that. And then the design IP, clearly we are really focused on the most advanced node 7-nanometer, 10-nanometer and then the VIP continued to drive differentiating verification IP and then together with our Verification Suite to tie in with the customer support on driving the productivity. We see the trend of outsourcing more and more coming to the IP. So we strongly believe the IP strategy is the right one, but it's important to somehow find a way to really sustainable and then driving efficiency. We have more than 1,000 people employees in this area and we're going to really drive to become a profitable center for us also. So I think all in all, we want to really drive, this year maybe moderate growth, but then going forward, will be a stronger growth volume for us.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And then so all through the mix, it's down as a proportion of our overall mix; that's because of the strength of a lot of the rest of our businesses. It's actually up (sic) [down] for the first half of the year versus the first half of the year last year. But we do expect more modest results this year versus last year, as we said.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. Then Geoff, on the emulation side, margins are going to be up year-over-year. But as a company, operating margin guidance is modestly lower year-over-year. Are you just being conservative or otherwise why are we not able to see any operating margin leverage this year?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Whenever we guide, we always put everything we know into the guidance that we know at that point in time. When we guided this year, we clearly guided at a midpoint that was lower than our actual achievement last year and that's what we knew at the time. We continue, I think, to execute well and we'll see how it plays out.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. Thanks. Just the last one on the emulation side, you've seen very strong growth. How fast do you think this market is growing and how big you think this market could be?
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Monika, maybe I will broaden a little bit of your question. Clearly we see a tremendous opportunity in the whole verification and it's the fastest growing challenge for our customer. As you know, whatever they design, they need to be verify and what design is really working. And we have four engines within that verification and we try to really drive, tighten that relationship together. And first of all, we have the JasperGold, this is a function verification, it's a very critical piece of the verification – formal verification and growing at about 20% year-to-year and we are very excited about it. Then we have the Incisive Simulation through our acquisition on the Rocketick and that is a very revolutionary technology with a very massive parallelism multi-call on the standard – the x86-based server and that gives us a tremendous performance into the simulation side and we are doing the integration to make it really, really strong offering to our customer. Then the hardware emulation and not just emulation; right now, we are starting to drive, we are already driving and the simulation side and that we also have the Protium, that is the prototyping and we are really driving some of the next-generation development coming up. So I think all four are going to tie in and drive this whole verification that is where the bottleneck for our system company and also customer and also our semiconductor customer and really can holistically tie in together. And so this is something that we are working on, stay tuned. And then on the Hybrid side, this is the most successful launch of Cadence emulation and then we are going to continue driving the next generation, better throughput and more scalable, in fact it's already quite scalable to 9.2 billion gates and over 2,000 plus concurrent user and we're going to continue driving the excellent in term of scalability and then driving the power down continuously. And so I think we are going to be an important platform and then we're going to also find a lot of new use model and data for simulation and then also tie-in with our prototyping, Protium next-generation coming up are going to be a very compelling verification offering to our customers.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: That's all from me. Thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Hi guys, wanted to talk a little bit about the comment that you made around the guidance for the September quarter, specifically on the hardware emulation. I think you mentioned some timing of deals. I was just curious if it's deal closure timing that you're referring to or is it lead times on the manufacturing of emulation devices that's going to impact the hardware and if you'd be so willing to possible give us – are you expecting that emulation area revenue to be up, down or flat sequentially?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. So the timing here isn't about closure. It's just about timing of customer demand and when the customers want the product. And so it will decline, hardware will decline from Q2 to Q3, as we said. I think importantly, we're retaining the full-year guidance, right, and by the way, Q1 and Q2 were record quarters, right, for us in hardware. So some timing between quarters, it's going to rotate. We're retaining the full year and that leads to Q4 at a $470 million midpoint.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And are these deals that are actually – whether they're follow-on deals or just timing of shipments or if it's large orders from same customers or is it new customer discussions that you're still – you're just anticipating when you think you'll close those deals?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So it's large customers and these are large deals. As you probably are aware, the price of Z1 is quite large and they're frequently buying more than one system from us. So it's just the timing of when they want the product.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then you've made a number of comments around the IP business and the change in leadership, et cetera. But I guess what I'm curious is how long you think the turnaround takes. So in other words, when do we kind of hit trough revenue or trough declines, or I don't want to say growth, but you get the idea, when do we hit the bottom when we start to see acceleration in that part of the business?
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Sterling. This is Lip-Bu. It's not a turnaround. It's just refining our strategy. And Pieter came from a very strong background on execution, customer satisfaction. And if you recall, he is the Senior VP of Operation Engineering, working very close with the foundry partners to drive the really silicon-proven IP. Basically we are very quickly ramping the revenue on the more than 10% revenue and then right now, we really want to really drive quality, really drive customer satisfaction and then really prioritize what really makes a difference in term of Tensilica, in term of design IP and really find the differentiations and therefore can satisfy the customer. And then it's not subject to some of this one-off type of thing, more not proliferating and then to our leading customer and then helping them to really drive differentiating product. So I think to kind of consider, we highlight those that are differentiating like Tensilica, even in the DIP side, we highlight 7-nanometer process node, signed with the first company to contract, VIP with Canon, more system company, more leading-edge customer. And so we really drive more into the quality of the customer, driving more quality of the product offering IP. And so give Pieter little bit of time; he just completed his visiting with officers and then he fine tuned the strategy present to our team and then to our Board and then stay tuned, he will come out with our strategy going forward.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And then last question around R&D spending. I think R&D expenses were up a shade under 15% year-over-year; so growing faster than revenue. I think that probably ties to some of the commentary you made about the investments you're making there to help gain market share, especially in some of these larger digital customers that you wanted. I guess my question is when do we see the peak of those investments and start to see more leverage coming out of the R&D line?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, couple of things, you're right. This is largely the investment we're making in innovative products across our product lines. One more thing that's clearly playing in is just the timing of shutdowns this year versus last year. Last year was in Q2. This year, our summer shutdown will be largely in Q3. So, you've seen a little bit of timing impact there. And again, for us to get return on these investments, of course it's proliferation and innovation continuing, so stay tuned.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you guys.
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely from D. A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah, good afternoon. So, Geoff staying on the operating expenses, what drove or what's behind the roughly 30% increase in the G&A this quarter?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I think it's largely the same thing. It's the timing of the shutdown. Last year, it was in Q2; this year, it's in Q3.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. It just seemed like the combined – several quarters in a row, it's kind of a step function higher this year. Was that what you just posted?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: We do make investments in our technical sales organization also, that's an important part of our strategy with our customers.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then when you look at your guidance for the GAAP earnings this year, it's down 4%, 5% this quarter versus last quarter. What is the delta there between the GAAP and non-GAAP difference?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, the biggest delta between GAAP and non-GAAP, we're going to always have three things that are going to be a delta between GAAP and non-GAAP. First is stock compensation; second is amortization of intangibles related to M&A; and third is, we use a standard non-GAAP tax rate while our real tax rates fluctuate. So those are the three things that always makes the difference up.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. So what was the – which one of those changed then this quarter when you brought down the GAAP number and kept the non-GAAP as is?
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So I think our tax rate is at what – yeah, so there's a couple things. Obviously, the Rocketick acquisition, but I think the more prominent thing is the changes in our expectations of a GAAP profitability and therefore the GAAP tax rate.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then Lip-Bu, last few quarters, you've been talking a lot about success with the systems customers. How big is that business for you today and how big do you think it gets over time?
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, good question. And we are very excited about this System Design Enablement strategy that we have and I highlight three of our five largest software contract this quarter, have been with the system companies. And so we continue to drive success here in mil/aero, success in the automotive side and then the mobile and medical-related. So I think all in all, we are excited about this whole and then we have a really good portfolio of product that system happening appreciate that. Now clearly the mixed-signal analog digital, the packaging, the IP portfolio and the whole system analysis and this is really, really welcome from them. In term of the percentage of revenue, sometimes it's very hard to calculate because some of the system company also have the semiconductor and we are growing from the 40% upwards. And so we continue to drive that. And even though with all this consolidation, we are really, really excited about this whole system opportunity for us and we are heavily engaging with some of this vertical and the new vertical that we are embarking on. Earlier that question on automotive, we are really excited about it and I'm very, very big believer in the whole VR, AR, is a tremendous opportunity. We have couple of successes either in PCB or the Tensilica IT front and then there is a whole suite of new changes in the whole hyperscale Web services, the cloud data center, (49:31) to work on the programmable, different workload on the more I/O, more memory-related, that's another opportunity for us. So we are excited about some of this vertical and we are with this customer are really excited about our portfolio that we can offer.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Great. All right. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Krish Sankar from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had a couple of them, one, Lip-Bu, if you maintain a current traction or momentum in emulation, do you think exiting calendar 2016, you could be number one? Or do you think it's going to take a longer time?
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, the whole hardware emulation, we are excited about it. We clearly have a very strong leadership team. They have very strong technical team that I'm very, very pleased with. And Palladium Z1 is the best launch we have, been the more successful one for us. And then also we have more use model, I mentioned earlier, and this is a very scalable platform. And if you do design, hardware emulation, the scalability and accuracy is critical. And so this is something that customer will buy and if that's the best one. And then so I think all in all, we like this. And as you know, Q1 and Q2 is a record quarter for us. And then Q3 a little bit because of timing, but overall as a whole year, is a very strong growth percentage growth for us. We are excited about it and then stay tuned. I mean we're going to be driving not just simulation, we're going to drive simulation and we're going to drive prototyping, whole suite of product and then tie into the whole verification I just talked about providing the total throughput solution to our whole verification suite offerings to our customer. So I think this is something that we believe is a double-digit growth for us and then we love it.
Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And again we think based on all of the market things that we see and all the market studies we see that we are number one and have generally been number one over the past quite a number of years.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. All right. And then in your core EDA business, stripping out emulation and systems and IP, I'm just curious how is the bookings trending year-to-date versus last year? I know you guys really give annual booking guidance and update it. But I'm just kind of curious on how it's trending year-to-date on the core EDA side.
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think overall we like what we have and in term of the product offering, digital, clearly we drive a lot of innovation, massive parallelism and then the customer love it. Right now, a small proliferation and execution focus. Analog, the custom/analog is the de facto standard for that gate and we don't sit still. We continue to drive the advanced node. We have a whole new suite of new development I mentioned earlier to drive performance and then drive acceptance and then compliance and then in the new suite that we're offering and then we also have a focus on the mixed signal so we can help our customer in terms of mixed signal offering power, low-power offering. And then now we also have the PCB and with the system analysis and then with the IP, with a really focus on the differentiating IP that we're going to offer, I think we have a very good portfolio and a lot of customer really, really impressed what we come out with. Stay tuned, we'll continue that culture of innovation, it don't stop here and we're going to double down and triple down on that. And I strongly believe the best product win. Our job is basically providing the best tool for our customer to design and increase the productivity and the time to market and that's our job.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then the final question, did you guys say what the percentage of revenue from systems was?
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I mentioned earlier 40% and north of that, we continue to drive success there.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Cadence's President and CEO, Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In closing, we are continuing to innovate and deliver design, enabling the solutions to our customers and we're looking forward to continuing to execute on our strategy and create value for our shareholders. So I want to thank all our hardworking employees, worldwide and shareholders, customers and partners for their continued support that make this possible. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Senior Group Director, IR Lip-Bu Tan - President and CEO Geoff Ribar - Senior Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Krish Sankar - Banc of America Gary Mobley - Benchmark Rich Valera - Needham & Company Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Tom Diffely - DA Davidson Suji De Silva - Topeka Capital
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Shannon and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Shannon, and welcome everyone to our first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With me today, are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com and will be archived through June 17th, 2016. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Before I start, I want to call your attention to our CFO commentary which was included in our 8-K filing today and is available on our Investor Relations' website at cadence.com. The CFO commentary should be referenced in conjunction with both today's conference call remarks and the earnings press release issued today. Next, please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q including the company's future filings and the cautionary statements regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to the financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. Additionally, a copy of today's press release, dated April 25th, 2016, for the quarter ended April 2md, 2016, and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Cadence delivered good operating results for Q1. Revenue was $448 million, up 9% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26%. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.28 and operating cash flow was $83 million. Looking at the environment, conditions have not changed significantly since last quarter. Semiconductor business conditions remain challenging and we remain mindful of the ongoing consolidation in our semiconductor customer base. While we do not expect a material impact on our business in 2016, consolidation could pose a challenge to industry growth over the next few years. I will begin our Q1 business highlights with system design and verification. In February, I asked Anirudh Devgan, who has led resurgence of our Digital & Signoff business to; expand his responsibilities to include leadership of our system and verification group. Anirudh will bring innovative ideas and drive to our next generation verification solutions. Cadence offers a holistic verification suite of connected solutions that are based on strong core engines and optimized for total verification throughput. Rapid growing complexity and time-to-market requirements make emulation more critical than ever for customers, designing chips and systems for mobile, cloud, automotive and other verticals. Palladium Z1 sales ramped nicely as customers embrace its advance enterprise class capabilities, while demand for Palladium XP remain strong. As a result, Cadence achieved its best quarter ever for hardware revenue. While our primary innovation focus continues to be organic development, we will also consider strategic acquisitions that will bring outstanding technology and talent. Recently, we announced that we've entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Rocketick Technologies. Rocketick brings pioneering technology and talented team that will significantly increase the performance of our incisive enterprise simulator using parallel computing on standard multi-core servers. In custom, analog, mixed-signal design world, Virtuoso has been the de facto industry standard for the past two decades, used on the vast majority of designs with thousands of tape-ups. At our CDNLive Silicon Valley user conference earlier this month, we announced the next-generation Virtuoso platform including the Virtuoso Analog Design Environment Suite and the Virtuoso Layout Suite. The new Virtuoso offers designers an average 10X improvement in performance and capacity across the platform. The platform includes new technologies to address requirements of automotive safety, medical device and IoT applications. IP is an important component of our System Design Enablement strategy, and I am very pleased to announce that Pieter Vorenkamp has joined Cadence as Senior Vice President and general manager of our IP Group. Pieter comes to Cadence after 18 successful years with Broadcom, where he held roles of increasing responsibility, most recently as senior vice president of operations engineering. Pieter’s rich experience will enable us to deliver high quality, differentiated products, as he drives the refinement of our IP strategy to focus on sustained and scalable growth. This quarter, I would like to highlight our Tensilica DSP cores, which are a very strategic component of our IP business. In Q1, we had a key design win for 5G baseband DSPs with a leading mobile handset company. And Spreadtrum licensed our Tensilica HiFi Audio/Voice DSP because of its ultra-low power capabilities. Now moving on to digital and signoff. The success and momentum we gained with our new flow has continued with strong adoption of the full flow in Q1, especially with customers in mobile, consumer, automotive and IoT segments. In Q1 a leading mobile chip company adopted our digital and signoff flow for its most demanding 10-nanometer projects. The Innovus implementation system added more than 15 new customers in Q1, while our Genus RTL synthesis solution, added more than 25 new customers. TSMC certified our digital and signoff tools for 7-nanometer design and 10-nanometer production, and Samsung Foundry certified our tools for its 14LPP process. Finally, we also announced today that Geoff Ribar has decided to retire from Cadence in March 2017. Geoff has been a great partner to me and the company over the past five and a half years. As an integral member of my leadership team he has made long-lasting contributions to the company. During Geoff’s tenure, we have consistently met or exceeded our financial objectives, improved both our operating margin and cash flow, strengthened the balance sheet, and optimized our return on capital. Geoff has done an outstanding job of executing on the strategy and management philosophy that my Board and I have built in place and have built a strong finance team. We have initiated a comprehensive search to identify our next CFO and Geoff is working with me in the search process. Once the new CFO is appointed, Geoff will work collaboratively on the transfer of responsibilities and will remain actively involved with us through his retirement date. While Geoff’s retirement is bittersweet, we all congratulate him on a successful career as a CFO and wish him well in the next chapter of his professional life. In summary, Cadence once again delivered good results in a challenging environment; Our portfolio of solutions across chip, package, board, systems and software, and IP, guided by our System Design Enablement strategy, best position us to drive new business in verticals including automotive, aerospace, medical, and across IoT applications. Strong, broad-based demand for the new Palladium Z1 contributed to our best hardware revenue quarter ever; the innovative new Virtuoso platform strengthens and solidifies our position in custom, analog, and mixed-signal design; and our digital and sign-off solutions are proliferating with current customers and gaining new customers. Now, I will turn the call over to Geoff to review the financial results, and provide our outlook.
Geoff Ribar: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone. It has been an honor for me to serve as CFO of Cadence for the past five and a half years. I'm extremely grateful for the support of my colleagues and our talented extended team. I will work with Lip-Bu in the search process, and I am fully committed to ensuring a smooth transition and look forward to maintaining our strong momentum throughout the transition process. I'm confident that our strong CEO, executive team and finance team will continue to successfully execute on strategic initiatives and drive shareholder value, just as we have over these past five and a half years. Now moving onto our results, please note that the CFO Commentary that we posted on the investor section of our company website should be referenced in conjunction with both my remarks and the earnings press release issued today. As Lip-Bu discussed, Q1 was a good quarter in what remains a challenging environment. Innovative new products and strong execution continue to distinguish us in the market. Total revenue was $448 million, up 9% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26%, compared to 23% for Q1 2015. Timing of revenue and expenses contributed to a higher than expected margin for Q1. We are maintaining our revenue and margin outlook for the year. GAAP net income per share was $0.17. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.28, up $0.22 over the year ago quarter. Operating cash flow was $83 million. Cash and short-term investments were $907 million, compared to $711 million at the end of Q4 2015. Recall, that in January, we entered a three-year $300 million term loan and drew $50 million on a revolving credit agreement. At quarter end, we had $700 million of debt outstanding. Approximately 45% of cash and short-term investments were in the U.S. at quarter end. DSOs were 32 days, down from 35 days in Q4. We repurchased 11.6 million shares of stock for $240 million, which represents a little less than 4% of shares outstanding. Before turning to our outlook, let me call your attention to the following items. As Lip-Bu mentioned, we believe Rocketick will help accelerate our innovation in functional verification to address the increasing challenges of system design complexity. This acquisition is expected to close in Q2, and is not expected to have a material impact on our 2016 financials. We have not disclosed the terms of the transaction. We undertook a restructuring during Q1 as part of our ongoing efforts to optimize resource allocation and operate the business efficiently and effectively. The restructuring charge was $14 million. Now let’s turn to our outlook. There are no changes to our fiscal 2016 outlook for bookings, revenue, operating margin, non-GAAP EPS or cash flow. We continue to expect bookings in the range of $2 billion to $2.1 billion, which equates to 8% growth at the midpoint. Revenue in the range of $1.79 billion to $1.84 billion should be a 7% growth at the midpoint. Non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 26%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.71 to $0.81, non-GAAP EPS of $1.15 to $1.25 and operating cash flow in the range of $380 million to $420 million. For Q2, we expect revenue to be in the range of $445 million to $455 million, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 25%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.17 to $0.19 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.27 to $0.29. Approximately 90% of revenue is expected to come from beginning backlog. You'll find guidance for additional items in the CFO commentary. So with that, Shannon, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Krish Sankar from Banc of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes, hi thanks for taking my question. I had a couple of them. First and foremost, can you just talk a little bit about the tool you're getting from your customers given that there are some near-term demand and longer term consolidation; just kind of curious what your point is what you're hearing from your customers in terms of what they are telling you regarding purchases?
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay, so let me start. First of all I think as I mentioned, semiconductor business conditions remain challenging, little or no growth expecting for 2016 according to other various analyst reports. But clearly, in whereabouts position in terms of long-term growth opportunity, in terms of the mobile IoT vision, machine learning, and automotive related area so those will be driving some advanced note growth in system and IP. So, answer to your question clearly, we don't see any much changes, but actually we see a lot more design opportunity in terms of proliferating our tool and solution on various vertical markets and in terms of consolidation clearly last years a big consolidation year more than 100 billion consolidation was a major deal like of Avago Broadcom, Intel, Altera, and many others so we are mindful of the ongoing consolidation to our semiconductor conductor base. But meanwhile seeing that clearly I mentioned earlier about the opportunity we see and in terms of proliferating our new solutions and in terms of the long-term impact it's very hard to predict but we don't expect any material changes to our business and I think in the longer run with this consolidation may pose a challenge to the industry growth over the next few years.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. That's very helpful. And in terms of R&D, there's a question I've asked in past kind of curious any updated thoughts regarding the five video customers are getting more cognizant of their cost and complexity so along that is there an opportunity for you guys to be efficient with your R&D or do you think mid 30% is going to be the predictable mix of R&D for the intermediate future. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. So, let me try to answer your questions if I hear correctly. In the complexity in a time to market pressure is increasing tremendously especially in the advanced notes and a 14 and 16 and 10 and 7 and the mass cost is pretty high so first time pass is critical and so we see a tremendous growth into our emulation and also the growth in terms of full flow in the digital and custom mixed signal related. And then our relationship with the foundry partner become very critical and we mentioned we have a very deep partnership with the foundry partners that include TSMC, Samsung and many others and I think clearly all this relationship and also with our ARM IP, ecosystem are critical for the success. And so we continue to drive R&D efficiency and we continue to drive, Geoff mentioned, about the restructuring to drive more efficiency and we double triple down in the area and then also with some of the key customers support. And so we want to make sure that the customer design based on our two unsuccessful in implementing in the most advanced nodes.
Krish Sankar: Got it and then just two quick housekeeping questions. One was -- I think last earnings call, Geoff you mentioned most of your OpEx is front-half loaded, so it slowed a bit in the second half is that still true and the second question is what is the number left in the buyback? 
Geoff Ribar: So, we have -- I'll answer the second question first. We have $720 million left on the buyback for the remaining part of this year. As far as OpEx, yeah, in the first half of the year, you tend to have less vacation and more social security tax, those things roll off in the latter half of the year we continue to invest in key R&D people and key technical salespeople so that will counteract the other trend.
Krish Sankar: So, OpEx should be similar in the second half versus first half? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes approximately similar. Because we have more shutdowns and less social security tax impact but more talented engineers and talented salespeople. 
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley from Benchmark. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Gary Mobley: Hi everyone thanks for taking my question, so if I'm not mistaken Cadence has a policy of raising prices to try to implement a price increase every two years or so. I'm curious if that is across the Board price increase for all products or whether or not that's staggered across the various product lines and could you remind us of when we may be hitting that biannual price increase?
Geoff Ribar: So, our fundamental purpose, of course, is to deliver great innovative products to our customers and when we do that we can capture value from our customers. We do folks on the quality of our deals and pricing but the key thing is we deliver value we'll get paid for it.
Gary Mobley: Okay. You mention that hardware sales are record level and emulation related. I'm curious how those hardware sales are impacting your gross margin and operating margin for that matter. And how it may create some lumpiness in the bookings backlog figures that you guys are striving for 2016.
Geoff Ribar: Well, emulation like our hardware business, our emulation business is certainly lumpy like our IP business will be lumpy. What we've said as we've introduced and released the Z1 and started shipping and selling to Z1 is that we expect revenue to go up in a hardware business and margin to go up with the new product. And I think we're happy with that and you saw we had a record hardware quarter. So, we're doing quite well so far.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Any notable change between EDA and system design enablement, is it still roughly a 55/45 mix respectively?
Geoff Ribar: Our system side is about 40% of our business, 60% is the traditional semiconductor.
Gary Mobley: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Valera from Needham & Company. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you. With regards to the restructuring, Geoff, is that kind of a business as usual more of a reallocation of resources bringing I guess pruning in areas that are less strategic and adding in more strategic areas?
Geoff Ribar: Yes, it was planned as part of our guidance and certainly, we're trying to optimize our resource allocation between different parts of the business. So, yes.
Rich Valera: Got it. And then I'm guessing you kind of said what you want to say on emulation but I'll try anyway. You talked about very strong demand for XP boxes in the quarter which helped drive this record quarter. Can you help us understand why folks would buy an XP when a Z1 is out there maybe other than the obvious which is maybe they can't get Z1 yet because you can't make them as fast as people would like them?
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me start first and then Geoff can fill in. So clearly, we want to highlight that XP platform still continues to remain strong and Z1 is the best launch for us and is the Enterprise class and that extra throughput and very scalable and customers love it and we ship as we built and have been very well received and we are delighted with that. The combination of both that makes the quarter the best quarter ever and Geoff, you can expand more.
Geoff Ribar: Obviously, I think both product lines were very strong and there is different purposes for each product and different customer needs, so people are going to buy what they need and are happy to sell me the ones.
Rich Valera: Got it. And then -- so you sounds like you've hired a new Head of IP which is great. Can any more color you can give on the trajectory of that business? I think what you've said so far is you expect it to grow less this year than it has in the past which I think is a kind of a mid-teens rate. Can you talk about what you would expect that to grow at once this sort of restructuring is done and you've kind of re-shifted some of the portfolio towards more sustainable profitable businesses I guess you intend to do?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Rich, I'm happy to highlight here. So clearly we are excited about that Pieter Vorenkamp joined us with his rich experience and highly qualified and to deliver the high quality and differentiating product as we drive the refinement of our IP strategy and focus on sustainable and scalable model going forward, and in terms of growth. And Pieter Vorenkamp, as I mentioned at the last job he had at the Broadcom, as a Senior VP Operation Engineering, and that itself in charge of not just the design, but also global worldwide manufacturing technology that includes all of the hardware program and then he personally now is a very strong in the analog RF related area. He is an inventor that actually holds more than a hundred issue and patent pending patterns in the US. So he is very accomplished innovator himself and so we are excited for him. And then as we kind of grow the business over 10% of revenue and right now it's about time to refine our IP strategy for the next part of growth, so we mentioned in the past, and moderate growth in 2015 and that already built into our guidance. Longer term, IP revenue grew expect to be above corporate average and that is our expectation in terms of growth so we are excited about the IP portfolio we have actually in the 10 silicon related area and the VPI related area bit strong for us and then now we also double down on some of the design IP and clearly he will bring some differentiating product going forward. And we have a couple successes. Clearly, we highlight this 5G baseband DSP win with leading mobile handset and also the spectrum and now we’re starting to move into some of this machine learning, vision processing, genomic sequencing and so that's a lot of great application Tensilica can be the key heart of the IP design platform the engine going forward. So I think we have some of the good asset portfolio and now we like to have a new leader and just saw the April 1st and now have time to refining his strategy as a new leader, new Sherriff on Board, so he will be refining and come up with the strategy going forward and we are excited about that.
Rich Valera: Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Lip-Bu, Geoff, I'd like to start with a couple of product segment’s questions. First, when you think about your IC implementation business that is to say at Novis, to what extent would you say your incremental bookings in that business are coming from upgrading your own base versus adoption in competing or incumbent product environments perhaps for new products, in short some of each. But how would you think about that divide between just upgrading your own base implementation versus effectively share gain in other bases? Similarly, in terms of you called system inner connect that areas from 2012 through most of 2015 had pretty good growth and it was looked like there was pretty good reinvestment cycle there going on and for you and for mentor, but the last couple of quarters the system inner connect percentage of revenue has been coming down and looked like maybe the revenues have been under pressure year-over-year so would you say that the three or so yield reinvestment cycle in PCB has largely run its course or do you think that perhaps this is just a temporary pause and you don't see rebound there?
Lip-Bu Tan: Jay, these are good questions and let me address one at a time. So first of all on the digital and sign off area, as you know, we revolutionized that whole digital flow with some of the new tool and I think you mentioned a couple of them and Innovus for the implementation placed in route Synthesis for Genus and we also have Tempus for sign off, Voltas for power, Quantus and Joules. And overall, we have been very good last year and now we are proliferating in the Q1 strong adoption and proliferation and for some of our full flow digital and sign off especially in the area of mobile, consumer, automotive and IOT related area. And so overall I think Q1, we mentioned in my script leading mobile chip Company adopting full flow digital sign of for the most demanding 10-nanometer projects with volume. And then Innovus I think I mentioned we have 15 new customers in Q1 and some of them is successful competing and we win; and Genus has 25 new customers so I mean that when I say new I mean that we are winning and Tempus 15, Voltas is 4, Quantus is 6 and Joules about 3. So we continue to proliferate nicely and cost very deep important partnership with the ecosystem IT SMC Samsung and RM and very critical in most of the advanced node 10 and 7-nanometer that will bring a success. And then beside the company I mentioned leading mobile chip company adopting for 10-nanometer, in fact today this morning we are now Toshiba adopting our Innovus implementation for production mobile memory control that achieved 16% area reduction and 25% power saving those are very remarkable in the real case topic because of the much better product and solution they look for.
Geoff Ribar: And in the numbers a little bit the digital revenue was up substantially quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year and some of that was a benefit from a completed contract in Q1 but generally our digital business has been quite strong. And the system inner connect business, I would take it as nothing more than a pause. We sometimes have fluctuations a little bit in revenue accounting due to MEAs or due in payable contract so we just view it as nothing more than a pause right now.
Lip-Bu Tan: And on the PCP related area Q1 is overall solid quarter with number of good size renewal from both system and semiconductor company and we continue to expand our collaboration with TSMC on the integrated design flow from TSMC in the integrated fan out and call it info packaging technology and also I think we've clearly driven the foundry proven IC packaging and analysis solutions and then security that is for the power signal integrity analysis system level and we have a 2016 technology portfolio that improved the product creation time and then ends a PCP design analysis methodology for multi-gigabit interface and like USB 3.1, so overall we continue to drive success 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: With respect to your earlier comments on restructuring there's question about that and your margin expectations for the year and as well your comments about your R&D, let me ask you this. We've noticed just being a quick spot check on your website and an unusually large increase in the number of job openings that you're posting probably the largest we counted to date and several years we've been looking at this data and that included not surprisingly a particularly large increase in R&D and virtually none for sales so I guess the question is to what extent is that increase in R&D positions your posting a function of having to compensate perhaps for attrition or turnover versus real organic investment or net capacity additions that you're looking to make in R&D.
Geoff Ribar: I think it shows a lot of confidence for sure that we have these positions. We do tend to hire or concentrate or hire on technical positions in R&D and technical sales and you'll generally see most of those as being in that area. The restructuring is of course the concentrated efficiency and effectiveness of making sure we're using the resources where we need to use the resources. And of course, as you're well aware we are in a great place to work, very highly ranked and great pace to work and I think it's a good time for us to track talented people.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Lastly, Geoff, could you comment on the increase in services revenue in the quarter? Was that largely related to IP engagements and is there anything to extrapolate there?
Geoff Ribar: No, we recognized revenue in a completed contract in Q1 and that drove the services revenue up uniquely in Q1.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Geoff Ribar: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Monika Garg from Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg: Thanks for taking my question. The first question on the emulation side one of your peers Mentors they were talking about that they think that you guys had a very good quarter in emulation but they were seeing evaluation times are looking to be stretch from three months to seven to nine months and some pricing pressure in the market so how to reconcile any commentary on that?
Lip-Bu Tan: We don't want to commend our competitors. I think so far we have been very focused on our business. And as I mentioned earlier, especially in the most advanced node the complexity and the time to market emulation is a must have and clearly our XP platform and Z1 have been doing really well and customer is putting orders and they have many repeated orders and so overall we see a tremendous opportunity for us and because time to market is so critical for the semiconductor company and system company and our Z1 and we had been the sales were very nicely and then we have repeat orders already.
Geoff Ribar: And the other thing is you need to realize is we introduced a product in late Q4 and look we talked about this being the fastest ramp for emulation platform we've had. I think those two things clearly show what we believe the cycle time is.
Monika Garg: Thanks. Then Geoff, on the operating margins side Q1 Op margins are better year-over-year and Q1 is the lowest revenue quarter so likely margins go up from here but in your 2016 op margin guidance they are slightly lower year-over-year, so are you just being conservative?
Geoff Ribar: I think the Q1 out performs it was largely related to the timing of revenue and expenses obviously between the quarter but we are expecting to hire as Jay asked in his question in both R&D and technical sales which will increase spending in later part of the year we're quite comfortable in maintaining our revenue and operating guidance for the year.
Monika Garg: Thanks last one. Intel announced typically off almost 10-11% workforce reduction. Do you see an impact from that?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think first of all clearly, Intel is a great Company and I have a lot of respect from them but we won't comment on any specifics on that Company.
Monika Garg: I meant any impact on EDA spent as due to the reduction of headcount.
Geoff Ribar: We just don't comment on individual companies anything that -- great company as Lip Bu said.
Monika Garg: Okay thank you so much.
Geoff Ribar: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty: Thanks, hi guys. Want to start with the comment about the hardware revenue record in the quarter. How did that deliver relative to your expectations, in other words had you factored in that revenue, that record revenue in your guidance and also how did the margins stack up versus what you were expecting especially in the new Z1 platform?
Geoff Ribar: So everything when we give guidance we always include everything we know at the time when we give guidance so obviously it's hard for us to comment specifically on that. As we said also when we were introducing the Z1 and talking about the Z1 coming out that we would see higher revenue this year and higher margins as a result of transferring to the Z1 platforms and of course know for sure hardware is a lumpy revenue piece for us along with IP.
Lip-Bu Tan: If I can add a little bit more clearly we have really, really outstanding team and they are driving the business and so far we are very comfortable to meet the customer demand.
Sterling Auty: Relative to the IP business I didn't quite get, I understand lumpiness but what's impacting the growth rate in terms of the seasonality for this year?
Geoff Ribar: So I think that it's really the change in our focus as we said on the last call, we're focused on sustained scalable growth in a really concentrating on delivering that and I think more than anything else that's driving our business as we said we expect more modest growth this year than last year where it was as somebody said in the upper teens and long term we expect IP growth to be above corporate average.
Sterling Auty: Last question if you look at the OpEx, I guess the OpEx dropped in the first quarter for sales and marketing its more than I think historical at least for the last few years and the OpEx drop in R&D was actually less. Didn't know if that was indicative of what you guys did as hiring in the quarter or if there's something else going on.
Geoff Ribar: Yes, we're not going to comment on the details of our restructuring or number of positions impacted. Obviously, we focused on effectiveness and efficiency with the restructuring and obviously that have some impact on spending in the quarter.
Lip-Bu Tan: Just to add a bit color clearly as Geoff mentioned earlier we are doubled down on R&D and Field Support Engineering FAE, because a couple of big customer are proliferating and we are working with them and then we support them successfully in the most advanced nodes, so it's more to support technically and continue the innovation for the flow that we are focusing on.
Sterling Auty: Great. Thank you, guys.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely from DA Davidson. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. So I was curious are you at what you would consider full production right now for the emulation business or you still in the process of ramping the new tool?
Lip-Bu Tan: We are in production and not clearly, we're meeting the customer demand.
Tom Diffely: Okay, sometimes or cycles takes a while to get that to full levels. Alright, and then Geoff, when you look at your commentary, it looked like the GAAP margin was down a little bit. What was the driver of the GAAP margin decreasing but the non-GAAP staying constant?
Geoff Ribar: We expect a higher tax rate this year than we did last year on a GAAP basis.
Tom Diffely: Okay, but cash tax rate stays the same?
Geoff Ribar: Should stay the same, maybe slightly up. 
Tom Diffely: Okay. And is that just location of where you are getting your revenue?
Geoff Ribar: I think every government in the world needs more money. 
Tom Diffely: Alright. When you look at your full year guidance I'm curious how much of the buyback was in that, were you assuming buyback through the year or just buyback through the quarter or how much I guess….
Geoff Ribar: We are guiding through the buyback as authorized through the Board, through the year. 
Tom Diffely: Okay, all right that's it, thank you. 
Operator: Our final question today comes from the line of Suji De Silva from Topeka. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Suji De Silva: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. First of all on the emulation products, Z1 would you expect a natural sort of initial uptake of products as the products launched and then applause to digest those or would it be a steady ramp?
Geoff Ribar: So the business is going to be lumpy obviously for emulation. Customers are going to buy the product when they need it based on their designs, so they weren't waiting, they were buying what they needed and they are going to continue buying what they need.
Suji De Silva: Okay that was the answer to my question and the other questions around the system customers versus semis. Would you expect that mixed shift over the next several quarters or years and then more importantly for systems customers are they more likely to take bundles of your products versus the semis customers given that they getting into the semis business themselves?
Lip-Bu Tan: Suji, I assume you're talking about the broad product rather than emulation, right?
Suji De Silva: Correct, exactly.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think clearly we are excited about this whole system design enablement and this is exactly about the addressing not just a silicon player and also into the silicon moving to the system Company moving to the Service Provider. And then, clearly we are embarking aggressively and it's very exciting because we have not just a tool, we not only have the IP, we also have packaging and systems design and analysis related and that can very compelling to work with them ranging from automotive sector like ADAS, function safety related and then to the crowd infrastructure and hyper scale infrastructure they want to drive and to the vision into the search and machine learning and with the Tensilica and our tools and also the IOT and you know, you saw the announcement we have with Silicon lab in terms of the low power mix signal, and then real tech in the Tensilica on the ultra-low power and it's just going on and we are just excited about a whole medical aviation automotive, the crowd and IOT related so I think the system level we are going to grow significantly over the years and we are excited about that opportunities.
Suji De Silva: Okay, thanks again guys.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. 
Operator: It is now my pleasure to turn the call back to Cadence President and CEO, Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, I'm proud that for the second year in the row, Fortune Magazine have recognized Cadence and our hard working employees by including Cadence in a list of the hundred Best Companies to Work For. I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers & partners, Board of Directors, employees for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence Design Systems first quarter 2016 earnings conference call.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Senior Group Director of IR for Cadence Design Systems Lip-Bu Tan - President and CEO Geoff Ribar - Senior Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Krish Sankar - BofA Rich Valera - Needham & Company Gary Mobley - Benchmark Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Gus Richard - Northland Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson Srini Sundararajan - Summit Research
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mike and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Mike, and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With me today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com, and will be archived through March 18, 2016. A copy of today’s prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. Before I start, I want to call your attention to our CFO commentary, which was included in our 8-K filing today and is available on our Investor Relations website at cadence.com. Since we are providing the CFO commentary, Geoff’s remarks will be streamlined and certain metrics not discussed in today’s call including historical comparisons will appear in the CFO commentary. The CFO commentary should be referenced in conjunction with both today’s conference call remarks and the earnings press release issued today. Next, please note that today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company’s future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to the financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence’s management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial measures which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. Additionally, a copy of today’s press release dated February 3, 2016 for the quarter ended January 2, 2016 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. 2015 was another excellent year for Cadence, so I am especially pleased to be able to talk to you today about our accomplishments and strategic direction. First let us review our Q4 and 2015 financial highlights. Cadence produced excellent financial results. We delivered revenue of $441 million for Q4 and $1.7 billion for the year, growth of 8% over the prior year. Non-GAAP operating margins was 29% in Q4 and 27% for the year, up from 25% for 2014. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.31 in Q4 and $1.09 for the year, up 16% over the prior year. Execution of our system design enablement strategy drove revenue growth from both semiconductor and system companies in all areas of our business core EDA, IP and system integration. A key part of our strategy is to increase our engagement with new vertical segments and we have notable wins in aviation, automotive, and medical. Demonstrating our constant commitment to innovation, we delivered nine new different shading products. We continue our pioneering work in advanced node technology, with our ecosystem partners, including partnering with Imecs to tape out the first 5-nanometer test chip. And yesterday, we launched our first new product of 2016, the Modus Test Solution. This innovative new technology can reduce SOC test time by up to three times, with no impact on area or routing. Strategy, innovation, execution and customer success are driving strong results for our shareholders and we have momentum going into 2016. Geoff will provide more detail shortly on our 2015 results and our 2016 outlook. Now let us address the environment. Semiconductor business conditions remain challenging, as the industry experienced negative growth in 2015. We remain mindful of ongoing consolidation in our semiconductor customer base. While we do not expect material impact on our business in 2016, consolidation could pose a challenge to industry growth over the next few years. Now, let us talk about some of the product highlights and customer successes in 2015. In digital and signoff, Cadence revenues are nice the digital floor with the release of Innovus for Implementation, Genus for Synthesis and Joules for power estimation. Digital and signoff revenue grew approximately 35% at the accounts we targeted. Adoption of our new digital and signoff portfolio continued in Q4, including a large agreement recently closed with global foundry that supports the newly acquired ASIC team from IBM. Broadcom also renewed investment in Cadence and add the technology to their digital floor, based on total performance evaluation. High silicon adopted Innovus for production DSP designs, enabled them to reduce area by 20% while meeting their frequency goal. And ARM using our full digital floor tape out is 10-nanometer test chip. Overall, we have more than the dozen digital floor wins in 2015. IP is a key component of our overall strategy and is now 12% of our revenue, with growth last year of 17%. We continue to expect IP to be a great business for us, but we are projecting more moderate growth this year as we refine our strategy to focus of sustained, scalable growth. In terms of production, product highlights, Tensilica Vision P5, DSP, our latest vision and imaging processor built strong momentum with key design wins at three application processor vendors in Q4. System design and verification revenue grew 12% in 2015, driven by strength across the product line. Our system development suite attained record revenue in 2015, driven by strong core verification technologies, integrated tightly together to offer a compelling holistic solution. We launched our new Palladium Z1 enterprise emulation platform in November and recognized revenue in Q4. Palladium Z1 now has orders from more than 10 customers, including PMC Sierra, Nvidia and Huawei and the most successful launch of any new Cadence emulator. For custom analog design, Virtuoso is the market leading analog and mix signal design platform. In Q4, we delivered the new Virtuoso Advanced Node Platform for 10-nanometer FinFET Design with initial support for 7-nanometer design. Over 80 customers are now using Virtuoso for advanced node design, including over 25 for 10 and 7-nanometer nodes. Security analysis tools had their best year ever. Our printed circuit board and analysis products won an important competitive replacement with an automotive manufacturer. In summary, 2015 was an excellent year for Cadence. System design enablement is escalating our opportunity beyond EDA. We have tremendous momentum in digital and signed off market segments, and our Palladium Z1 Enterprise Emulation platform is off to a very quick start. There are micro challenges ahead, but also opportunities specific to Cadence. Through innovation and execution we are positioned to build on our success and to further proliferating our solutions with market shipping customers. Now, I would turn the call to Geoff to review financial results and provide our outlook.
Geoff Ribar: Thanks, Lip-Bu and good afternoon, everyone. Our CFO commentary should be referenced in conjunction with both my remarks and earning press release issued today. Overall, 2015 was one of the best years in Cadence's history. Our innovation is paying off, and our execution was superb. Now, for the results of Q4 and fiscal 2015, bookings totaled $1.9 billion, an increase of 7% over 2014. The book-to-bill was 1.12, and yearend backlog was $2.3 billion, up 10% from the prior year. Weighted average contract life for Q4 was 2.8 years. For the year, it was 2.58 years, within our expected range of 2.4 to 2.6 years. Revenue for Q4 was $441 million. Revenue for the year was $1.7 billion, up 8% year-over-year. Without the extra week in Q4 2014, year-over-year growth would have been 9%. Over 90% of the revenue for the year was recurring in nature. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q4 was 29%. For the year, it was 27% compared to 25% for the prior year. The positive variance relative to our initial guidance for 2015 was due to effective resource management, lower than planned headcount, better than expected hardware margins, and favorable foreign exchange trends. GAAP net income per share for Q4 was $0.26 and $0.81 for the year. Non-GAAP net income per share for Q4 was $0.31, up 15% year-over-year. For 2015, non-GAAP net income per share was $1.09 compared to $0.94 for 2014, up 16%. Operating cash flow was $123 million for Q4 and $378 million for the year. Cash and short-term investments were $711 million at year end, unchanged from end of Q3. DSO were 35 days, an increase of seven days from Q3. We repurchased 5.5 million shares of stock in Q4 for $120 million. For the year, we repurchased 16.3 million shares for $333 million. At year end, $960 million remained in our current $1.2 billion repurchase program. On January 28th, 2016, we entered into a three year, $300 million term loan. We also drew $50 million on revolving credit agreement. Now let's turn to our outlook for fiscal 2016 and the first fiscal quarter. For fiscal 2016, we expect bookings in the range of $2 billion to $2.1 billion, which equates to an 8% growth at the midpoint. Revenue in the range of $1.79 billion to $1.84 billion, which would be a 7% growth at the midpoint. Non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 26%. GAAP EPS in the range of $0.72 to $0.82, and non-GAAP EPS from $1.15 to $1.25, which is up 10% at the midpoint over 2015. Operating cash flow in the range of $380 million to $420 million. Weighted average contract life to be in the range of 2.4 to 2.6 years. Approximately 70% of revenue from beginning backlog and weighted average diluted shares outstanding of 280 million to 295 million shares. Note that backlog is expected to grow 10% in 2016 based on the midpoints of the guidance. For Q1, we expect revenue to be in the range of $440 million to $450 million. Non-GAAP operating margin to be in a range of 24% to 25%. GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.17 to $0.19, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.26 to $0.28, at least 90% of the revenue from beginning backlog. There are several factors that will impact the seasonality of operating expenses and margin for the year. First is the fact that both payroll tax and vacation expense seem to be higher in the first half of the year than the second. Second, pay increases occur in Q3. And third, an expected ramp in head count throughout the year. You'll find guidance for additional items in the CFO commentary. Note that we have increased our DSO target from 30 days to a range of 30 to 35 days. We think this is prudent in light of the current economic uncertainties. Our cash flow was strong for 2015 and we expect cash flow to grow in 2016. Cadence had a great 2015. We had momentum going into 2016. Our strategic priority remains to develop innovative products, help our customers be successful, and proliferate our solutions with market shaping customers. So with that, operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Krish Sankar with BofA.
Krish Sankar: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had two of them. First one is for Lip-Bu, you kind of highlighted the semi M&A could be impactful in the next couple of years. Is there a way you can quantify it? If not, just trying to figure out qualitatively have you seen at your customer site any kind of EDA purchasing decisions slowing down?
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay. That would be your first question, so let me answer that. So first of all, I think, we recognize 2015 in term of consolidation more and larger consolidation if I assume it correctly, more than 100 billion transactions. So that is the relative industry. By consolidation clearly we'll create stronger and more focused company that can do more innovative design. Long-term impact to EDA is very hard to predict. But we expect -- actually, we do not expect any material impact to our business in 2016. But I mentioned that consolidation could pose a challenge to our industry growth over a few years. But meanwhile, I think the consolidation actually provides opportunity for us to proliferate our newly innovative solution as customer looking for differentiating product development. So I think to answer your question, the consolidations for us, I think there is a trend, which is expected. But, meanwhile, there is a lot of pocket opportunity that we can grow our business with our solution that’s also unique and the best and in a way that we can proliferate with great execution.
Krish Sankar: Got it.
Geoff Ribar: And I guess a couple of things, Krish that we looked at and considered before we mentioned that we don't see an impact in 2016, we certainly looked at whether customers would have greater economic power. We looked at market share shifts; we looked at potential for engineering synergies. We also looked at the past acquisitions that all through they were smaller -- a little bit smaller in scale over the past several years, where we've generally not inhibited our ability to grow our business with those customers. Of course, we are also getting increasingly competitive with our technology during that time. So those are some of the factors we looked in and we’re looking at that, we don't see an impact on 2016 for us.
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. All right. And then as a follow-up, when you look at your customers, like they seem to be slowing down, Moore’s Law I mean, no matter which way you dissect it, it's probably not at the same pace as like several years ago. Kind of curious, if they are slowing it down and kind of moving to the tick tock talk schedule, is there an opportunity for you guys to lower your R&D, I mean at 33 to 34, 35 percentage of sales, it seems like a very high number especially given the fact that your customers are consolidating, they are doing some financial engineering and slowing the technology Cadence?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, so let me try to answer your question. First of all, I think in term of our customer, I should breakdown to two parts. One is the semiconductor side. One is the system side. On the semiconductor, when they consolidate that means they really want to drive more of the unique solution that can win in the marketplace, continuing their strength in the leadership. And they will be really driving more advanced node, more efficient in terms of driving the result and performance. And that's why our innovative products with that in mind when we do all this innovation product to really providing the solution to help them in term of their productivity, time to market and also at one time in a performance PPA and that is critical for them. And also the whole system SOC in term of mixed signal, digital and analog come together and also how to verify in a very holistic way it would be important to that time to market. That is the first part. Second part is we are very excited in the whole system companies that we mentioned quite a few times and that are our system design enablement synergy. And that being IP is a very critical part of that, but more than that, there is a sea change in that industry in terms of application driven design. And just give you example, like [Indiscernible] is a big example and people, customers are starting to look at kind of the work load, looking at what application, the IO, data, analytical and there's a sea change in the architecture changes. And when we design some of our two end solution, we have that in mind so that we can really engage and support and give them the solution they need to drive some of this new design and some of the system company, I call it market shipping customer, they are really driving a very different system approach to the application and that our solution will be really nicely fit with them to optimize the application they want to drive.
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. Very helpful. Thanks a lot Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera from Needham & Company.
Rich Valera: Sorry. Thank you. Geoff, just wanted to ask you about how you're thinking about the leverage in the business longer term, looks like you're guiding for effectively negative leverage in the business this year, 26ish% op margin off a 26.7% last year. And that was a fairly elevated level of spend last year, as you had indicated you were investing pretty heavily to pursue some of your new wins. So, just wanted get your thoughts on how you think about leverage longer term, is there a point when you start letting some of the natural leverage in the model flow through and when might that be?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, Rich, good question. So, we are really focused as our strategic priority on developing innovative products. We want our customers to be successful. And we are attempting to proliferate our solutions with these market shaping customers. For example, I think you can see some of our digital successes that we highlighted during the past year with very good customer names, strong growth in our digital business, particularly with the top targeted customers, but also overall. We believe that's the best long-term focus for shareholders and the best long-term return for shareholders. So, we are concentrating on that as our strategic priority.
Rich Valera: Got it. And then your verification business was the strongest it's been from a percentage of total sales, and I guess two years in the fourth quarter. Wondered if you could give any color on what drove that. Was it emulation? Any color on that and how that momentum might carry into next year.
Lip-Bu Tan: This is Lip-Bu. Let me try to answer that and then Geoff will fill more detail. So overall, we are very excited about our Z1, as I mentioned most successful launch of any Cadence emulator. Couple of reason, one is clearly -- is a first true emulator in the market with the enterprise class reliability, and also the capacity is five times in terms of throughput capacity improvement and then you know clearly we have a lot of overwhelming positive feedback from customer, I mentioned more than 10 customer already place orders and some already repeat orders coming and we are shipping as fast as we can produce, and so something that we are really excited. And in term of respond to the customer and it is something that customer really want in terms of true capacity improvement and performance improvement, speed, footprint and cost of ownership and that is something really, really important for them, and besides by saying that the latency in this Palladium XP II remains very strong.
Rich Valera: Great. Just one more for me, if I could. Geoff, I think you said 920 million or so left on your buyback, which would normally be over four quarters. Should we think of that as a pretty linear buyback over those four quarters?
Geoff Ribar: Yes, we bought back 240, on our current plan we have 960 that remains. And as you know, we tend to buy pretty linearly and at…
Rich Valera: Got you. All right. That's it for me. Thanks, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Mobley from Benchmark.
Gary Mobley: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I had a question on the divergent trends in backlog and deferred revenue. And I know deferred revenue is only representative of a small portion of your backlog. But for 2015, your backlog was up 10% and you're expecting a like increase in 2016, but yet your deferred revenue at year end was down about 8% year-over-year. What's the dynamic explaining that?
Geoff Ribar: Yes, so for our business model deferred revenue means different than a lot of probably other software companies that you're familiar with. Deferred revenue for us is just cash that we've taken upfront, that we haven't recognized revenue for. One of the things we work hard to do is try to match billings, collection and revenue recognition in the same period. As we're doing that, deferred revenue will continue to decrease for us. For us, that's – it’s a liability, not necessarily an asset, as you would sometimes consider with the other companies.
Gary Mobley: Understood, understood. All right. And in your description of the IP business having grown 17% in 2015 and the expectation of slowing growth looking out into 2016, I think you might have used the adjective rational or more prudent in describing your approach to managing the IP business, does that mean that you’re deemphasizing any portion of the IP portfolio?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, and I mentioned that first of all in the last few year we kind of grew the business, from zero, you know, slightly small to all the way to 12% of the revenue and growing at 17% last year. And it's time for us to kind of refine our strategy to focus and make sure that is sustainable and scalable growth and also for customer delight. And so I think those are the things that we are putting into effect and so that we kind of project more modest growth for this year.
Geoff Ribar: And again, remember, we -- as we said last year, we grew at 17%, it’s very close to what our plan was.
Lip-Bu Tan: And if you remember, our IP business, there is three portions, one is the Tensilica. This is very exciting for us because this whole vision in our image processing and for object detection, for Big Data or for video sovereign and so very broad application. We are very excited. We are continuing to invest on that. And in our design IP for order industry standard IP, we continue to invest in that. And then thirdly is the verification IP that tie in very well with our whole verification development suite and that tie in with all the incisive and the JasperGold that we just launched was very responsive from customers. So, I think we tried a mixture that we're really providing a holistic solution to our customer in their overall design so that we can really strengthen the solution to the customer.
Gary Mobley: Okay. Just a final question on the industry backdrop. Independent of the massive wave of chip industry consolidation that we've seen, we don't -- we haven't really seen any sort of robustness in the end markets you serve. You've got a decline in EPC market, flattening mobile handset market, and just in general, decelerations in the electronics production supply chain, if you will. And despite that, you're managing to grow your bookings and deferred revenue 8% to 10% per year. I was wondering if you have taken a stab or care to take a stab today at sort of commenting on what percent of your customers' R&D budget you can occupy now and how that's trending?
Lip-Bu Tan: If I understand your question clearly, we continue to drive success with our customers, even though they are consolidating, but we continue to proliferating our innovative products. The other part that we are growing quite rapidly is a system design -- system customer, and I mentioned earlier, couple of pocket [ph] opportunity. You highlight PC slowdown that is true, but we see some of this new application coming up really strong in the video related area, in term of the IoT and then most of this, the image vision related area, automotive in term of dash autopiloting, and then all these are driving a lot of data and sensor to the crowd. And that's why I mentioned earlier about the Big Data, data analytics, across multiple vertical markets all the way through medical, video surveillance and they want to have all this data to improve their business, even in the retail stores. So, I think those kind of are driving the silicon development and also driving the system company doing vertically integrated, and so I think those are the opportunities for us that are on two sides. One is stronger, consolidation company that we continue to grow with them and proliferate with them, and there’s a new breed of system enablement because we are uniquely positioned for our two, our IP, and then our system integration, hardware/software co-design litigation, and so that can really address the power signal integrity and time to market requirement from system company point of view so they can go to market much faster than a very compressed timetable.
Geoff Ribar: And I think one more thing, Gary, that's important. Remember, we're mission critical to our customers, whether they are IC or system companies. And our increasingly differentiated technology is clearly helping us with our customers.
Gary Mobley: Congratulations on the good execution in a tough environment. Thanks, guys.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you, good evening. I’d like to ask first a question about the emulation business. You had guided to an increase for the year in that business, albeit it might not have been much of an increase. When you look at your cost of product and maintenance revenues sequentially and even year-over-year, there was hardly any change at all, which would suggest that unless you had a pretty extraordinary increase in the gross margin for emulation, that you might not have had much of an increase in that business either sequentially or year-over-year and perhaps the business was not up year-over-year as you had guided. So perhaps you are over inferring from the cost numbers, but could you comment on whether or not you did in fact increased that business and is it possible that to the extent your Q1 guidance for revenue is somewhat above consensus, that in fact we're seeing carry-over of emulation business backlog into Q1 from Q4? Then couple of other questions.
Geoff Ribar: So couple of points, Jay. Revenue did grow -- our emulation business did grow year-over-year, driven by both strong sales and margins for Palladium XP. As we also said, when we started shipping and recognizing revenue on the Z1 -- Palladium Z1, our next generation, we expected hardware, revenue to grow and margins to improve. I also will tell you we had one of our best quarters ever in hardware in Q4 ever.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Looking at your new products or asking about your new products, is there anything you can say in terms of adoption, particularly for Innovus, Tempus, Voltus in terms of, for example, design sizes or where they are being adopted? In other words, are they being brought in largely for new programs? Are you seeing any displacement of incumbent implementation and sign-off tools? All of the above for any of the products on the digital side? Also, in terms of your sales pitch for the new tools, you've made the point that you have a much more highly integrated flow now, lots of common engines, particularly around timing and so forth. Is that commonality across the tools in fact leading to new business that you could identify?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, Jay, that's a good question. Let me try to answer your questions. So as I mentioned earlier we revolutionized our digital floor from ground up and Innovus versus our Implementation, Genus are Synthesis, and then the Tempus our sign off and then Joules Power are now Design. And so couple of things, just to give you a little bit of history. Nine months ago we announced the Innovus. We launched the products. Right now, we have more than 60 customers, six zero customers worldwide, and then eight of the top 10 semiconductor adopting the flow. On the Genus side, we launched the products about six months ago. After the launch, we have more than 40 customers, four zero customer adopting, and then clearly in our Tempus, I think we have announcement that we surpassed 200 tape-outs in Q3 we announced that. And we are approaching more than 100 customers. And then on the Voltus that is a power sign-off, and then 17 out of the 20 top tier semiconductor company adopting and well over 100 customers overall. And we are really exciting. Yesterday we launched our Modus Test Solution that reduced the SOC test time and then clearly is a ground breaking technology that reduced the time for test chip and also can really catch the potential manufacturing defects so that they don't have to ship bad parts of products. And that is very critical for customer success. And we are excited Global Foundry, TI, Micro semiconductor, Cequent [ph] and they are adopting the Modus, very well received from the [Indiscernible] code we just launched. So, I think, overall, it is a very exciting time for us. Truly is a very breakthrough technology that we have in the digital flow. And by the way, we also doubled; tripled on the most advanced node and then we highlight the 10-nanometer test chip with ARM using the complete digital floor, integrated floor. We have more than 10 full flow wins in 2015. So, all in all, I think clearly, it's not just for the new -- the customer also replacement of some of the existing tool providers.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: A follow-up, if I may on Modus, and then I'll wrap-up, I've got a corporate question. The market for test is not a particularly large addressable market. According to the industry data, it's almost certainly less than $150 million TAM. And that includes hardware. And the question is, is that a large enough space to address now to have warrant in the investments in R&D and presumably now the sales resources for relatively small TAM that has also proven over the years to be pretty lumpy and inconstant. And do you have now with the test have what some might call a verification continuum? Do you have in fact the wide enough panoply of products for verification? And then I'll wrap it up, thanks, on the corporate side.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good questions. I think you're absolutely correct. Its 150 million TAM market, but clearly it kind of be a more and more bottleneck now in terms of customer want to be able to ship products. It's our fully integrated floor that we are emphasizing; so on the whole system design verification and the whole digital front providing a solution to sharpen the design time, verification time and also the test time, and the customer spend a lot of money on the testers. But using this, usually you can augment that to really drive some of the design success and then time-to-market is critical for some of these companies.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: All right. Lastly, on the corporate side, you recently had your annual sales meeting, of course, everyone in your industry does, and I'm wondering if anything came out of that in terms of new priorities or organizational structure, perhaps around the verticals or anything of that kind that you might care to comment on? And also related to that, is there anything unique or specific about the development of your systems customer base in terms of incremental or new investments or organization that you need to make to grow that part of the customer base further?
Lip-Bu Tan: Jay, good questions. And we have a very successful sales kickoff that we have a team come together and to look at how we are moving forward this year. I think that is very emotionally charged. We have a very strong leader and very passionately driving the success to the customer and the message that really work closely with our customer, providing the solution, make them successful and then a big churn of a portion talking about whole system design enablement synergy, and then how can we proliferate into some of the market shipping customer and we mentioned early in the past last quarter general tricks and then some of the automotive, aviation, and, you know, the whole crowd infrastructure, big data. And so I think we are excited about the opportunity to us and how can we proliferate our products and then continue to drive excellent execution to make the customer successful?
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you for the question.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gus Richard from Northland.
Gus Richard: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. Lip-Bu, you've highlighted a couple of vertical markets, avionics, automotive, etcetera, early on, and I was wondering if you could give a little color as to how you engage with those customers? And is that opportunity sort of bigger as it compares to a semiconductor company. What I'm trying to ask is do you have a bigger revenue opportunity for a fixed number of designers at a vertical company?
Lip-Bu Tan: Good questions. I think this vertical market is very dear to my heart and the way I am understanding to do successfully is to listen and understanding their requirement and then look at the holistic way, how can we help them to make sure they are successful in whatever application they want to drive and in whatever the productivity they are looking for and then the vertical integration that they are planning to do. And then try to learn what they try to do and then the solution they try to provide. And then the best way to success is collaborating with them and then look at our portfolio and see how we can strengthen that and how are the pieces that we don't have, and either we organically developing that or through M&A to get that so that we can provide a overall solution to meet the requirement. And as I say, a very exciting time for my team and myself to learn new things and then along the way try to adopt and what is the best practice. And also learn what are the requirements they have, and they all had different requirement in term of redundancy and safety, function that they need to have. And then how can we incorporate our tool in IP to provide a holistic, secure environment solution for them. So I think those are the way we are going to grow the business with them and to work closely and collaborate with them.
Gus Richard: Thank you. And then just sort of a follow-on, you are very clearly outperforming the industry and your peers. Can you sort of attribute where your outperformance is coming from, is it the fact you are doing better at the vertically integrated companies, is it the new emulation tools to get new digital design flow, what is driving -- what do you attribute the outperformance to?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think you know, clearly we're still a long way to go. I mean, we’re continuing to be humble and work hard with customer. And I think the one single point that I can point to and I always believe the best product win. And so we continue to innovate, continue to drive and listen to the customer carefully, and then responding to the customer needs and then closely collaborating with our customer and also our IP and foundry partners, even the equipment semiconductor equipment company to work closely with them, make sure that we are providing the solution in a very proactive way and then suggest a solution and learn from them. And then all in all, I think this is something that we continue to do and a mission that we continue to drive excellence in execution to proliferate our product and adopting by the customers.
Gus Richard: Okay. Thank you very much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Monika Garg from Pacific Crest Securities.
Monika Garg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. The first one, on the emulation side. You released a new platform end of last year, so last time when you had a new platform; you had seen significant growth in that segment. Could you kind of walk us through -- kind of what kind of growth we should expect in 2016 in the emulation segment?
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So, so good question. We're going to, as we've said before with the new emulation platform, we expect good hard work, growth in 2016 and for improvements in margin. We really are not at this stage going beyond that.
Lip-Bu Tan: And also I think just to add-on besides our new Z1 that we're excited about. Clearly, momentum also increased for our ProTM and that is our FPGA-based prototyping platform and also continue to drive emulation also simulation-related. And so we want to make sure that we have provided overall solution to our customers.
Monika Garg: I just wanted to kind of ask again what Krish had asked in the beginning. So this year, you have recreated number of times, lot of consolidation are closing -- a lot of big consolidations, they are closing this year or they have closed and you are very sure that is an impact the revenue growth this year, then maybe could you give us quantitative kind of impact you expect going forward next couple of years, especially given your commentary that you expect it to pose some challenge to EDA industry growth rate?
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So again, Monica, we said we don't expect and see any implications for 2016. It could impact the industry more in the long run. Again, the key factors we'll go back to our economic power change in economic power. Second is there are going to be market share shifts? And then third, will there be energy synergies within those customers? We've navigated, we believe, quite well over a period of time under the past acquisitions. Of course, no guarantee that that's going to happen going forward. The consolidation also has offered opportunities for us, right, to deliver innovative new products to customers in a way that we've been quite successful with. So it's very hard for us to quantify two years out, or what the direct impact is going to be.
Monika Garg: Okay. Just the last one here from me. Service revenue increased significantly in 2015, was there any reclassification of revenue in that segment?
Geoff Ribar: Sometimes some of our revenue that's IP is considered services if there's enough customization of that IP, so that some of the things that we'll call IP will also be called services.
Monika Garg: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. Just wondering, I guess I wasn't completely clear when you talked about focusing a more sustainable growth within the IP business. Is that focusing more on the profitability so you want more repeatable designs, or is it a different type of structural change to the IP business? If you could give some more color, that would be great.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure, Sterling. Clearly, IP is a very important portion of our synergy. We have a nice growth when we get started few years ago. Our goal is to grow -- book more than 10% of revenue. And then from emerging start that we have, through M&A and also organic growth we've reached that stage now, so we have 12% in terms of growth. Any of the new business -- you'd running to look at performance matrix and then see how can we sustain in scalable in terms of growth. We have a matrix just like our EDA business, and so we've tried to make sure that they map into the matrix and it's scalable and then we can have good business for us. So I think this is kind of Phase II of the growth and we're trying to redefine and then reclassify and then really tie into our overall matrix with the company.
Sterling Auty: That makes sense. And then in terms of the emulation contribution, specifically to the upfront revenue versus the ratable, you still have greater than 90% coming from ratable sources. But just kind of curious how that mix is going to get impacted here as you get that spike in the emulation business?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah. So we've said that we expect Q1 to be remain 90% ratable. Obviously, we're not guiding Q2, Q3 or Q4 at this stage. We'll let you know when we do that. Again, part of hardware, there's also a maintenance piece that's always part of our hardware business also, which is ratable over period of time. But we're quite happy with the emulation platform and then the new prototyping platform and how they are going.
Sterling Auty: Sounds good. Thank you, guys.
Geoff Ribar: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Tom Diffely from D.A. Davidson.
Tom Diffely: Yeah, good afternoon. Another question, following up on the previous one. When you look at through the ramp, projected ramp of emulation over the next year or two, what do you think, if any, would be the impact on the overall corporate margin structure?
Geoff Ribar: So again, I think when we look at it, we do believe it will help the overall corporate margin, just because it's also helping their margin, improvements in margin in that particular business. Right. Strong revenue and good margins.
Tom Diffely: Okay. So both margin dollars and percentages will go up overtime with that?
Geoff Ribar: Yes, and it's all baked into our guidance, as we're giving our guidance.
Tom Diffely: Yeah, okay. And then Lip-Bu, you talked a little bit about negative industry growth for 2015. I wonder if you could share with us what you think the actual growth rate was for the industry and if there are any particular segments that were particularly weak during the year.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I mentioned earlier that the negative growth is the semiconductor industry.
Tom Diffely: Okay.
Lip-Bu Tan: And yes, that is published information. And then clearly, they are projecting this year is a very low single-digit growth and so that's for the semiconductor industry.
Geoff Ribar: Again, remember, 40% of our business is now system companies. So…
Tom Diffely: I was wondering if you had a similar number for the EDA industry specifically.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I don't think I have it offhand, but I think clearly you can just add up the three big I plus a few others and PDF and other. So I think you should be able to get that, the growth rate.
Tom Diffely: Okay. So you talked about nine new products released last year. How does that compare to the Cadence in previous years and which one or two products do you think are the major revenue drivers going forward?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think couple -- first of all, I'm very, very proud of innovating culture that we implementing at Cadence. And that engine is really going very rapidly and this culture is very -- I'm very happy to see that. And then the nine new technologies differentiating product, sometimes it's very hard for me to be telling who is your favourite child and they are all very good, but clearly, you can see that we help us a lot in the digital and sign-off side. And clearly help us a lot into our hardware emulation side. Clearly, you see that in the system verification side and some of the innovation is happening now. We're excited about it. And then augment with great acquisition like Jasper and they have a very strong and under custom analog and we continue to drive some of the innovations and then the PCP business is also growing nicely with our Sigrity acquisition. So, all in all, I think we're excited about it. Out of the gate 2016, we're already first new product coming up. Modus test is very, very breakthrough technology we're excited, customer love it and stay tuned we have a few more coming up, but for this year, we are just as excited about the innovating culture and meanwhile using the M&A to augment that.
Tom Diffely: I guess you really can't choose between your kids there.
Lip-Bu Tan: I can't choose.
Tom Diffely: And so, when you look at your M&A question one more time, obviously, with your ratable model, there's not an impact for this year. But are you seeing any type of delays happening with renewal cycles when this -- when these M&A programs go through?
Geoff Ribar: I think obviously the transactions take some time to close when our customers consolidate, right. They also then have to work through their own integration, both planning and execution on their – in addition, the timing of the corporate mergers doesn't necessarily reflect the timing of the contract renewals for us either. So we have taken all of those things into consideration when we guided 2016 and said we don't anticipate any impact in 2016.
Tom Diffely: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question is from Srini Sundararajan of Summit Research.
Srini Sundararajan: Hi, thanks for taking my call. Just wanted to ask you what will be the percentage of adjacency revenues in 2016?
Geoff Ribar: I'm sorry. We didn't get – we didn't understand.
Srini Sundararajan: Yeah. From the adjacent areas like medical or automotive, what would be the total contribution for revenues from the adjacent industries?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, first of all, we didn’t have that breakdown for the call, but – and I think Geoff already highlight 40% of our revenue come from the system company. We are working on it and then try to calibrate some of this vertical. Stay tuned. Down the road we may provide that, but overall, we are excited about that opportunity. The system company contribute 40%. It will be growing. And so we are excited about and we have a complete, very nice portfolio. They are able to support the solution for the system company to drive some of these application driven changes that they are planning to do.
Srini Sundararajan: Okay. One more question. Do you have any comments on the 5-nanometer work done at Imec? Anything that you noticed? Anything important?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. As I mentioned earlier, and we are pushing the envelope in the advanced node to be ahead of customer requirement for adoptions and then our tool has to be there to be ready. So we are heavily engaged on the tool and IP front, on not just 10-nanometer, 7-nanometer, we are also doing research on the 5-nanometer. The one that we highlight last quarter, we announced that with Imec. This is quadruple patenting and using the EUV on the 5-nanometer. We are delighted they chose us to be the platform of choice to work with them on the 5-nanometer. So we will continue the effort to be on the leading edge of the advanced nodes.
Operator: I will now turn the call over to Cadence President and CEO Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, 2015 was a year of great success and 2016 present us with exciting opportunities. I would like to thank all our shareholders, customers and partners, Board of Directors and hard working employees for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Design Systems fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Senior Group Director of IR Lip-Bu Tan - President and CEO Geoff Ribar – SVP and CFO
Analysts: Gary Mobley - Benchmark Rich Valera - Needham & Company Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Gus Richard - Northland Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Tom Diffely - DA Davidson Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Krish Sankar - Bank of America
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mike and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems’ Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Mike and welcome everyone to our third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With me today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website cadence.com and will be archived through December 18, 2015. A copy of today’s prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. Before I start, I want to call your attention to our new CFO Commentary which was included in our 8-K filing today and is available on our investor relations website at cadence.com. Since we are providing the CFO Commentary, Geoff’s prepared remarks will be streamlined and certain metrics not discussed in today’s call including historical comparisons will appear in the CFO Commentary. The CFO Commentary should be referenced in conjunction with both today’s comments or remarks and the earnings press release issued today. Next, please note that today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company’s future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to the financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial measures which can be found in the earnings section of the investor relations portion of our websites. Additionally a copy of today’s press release dated October 26, 2015 for the quarter ended October 03, 2015 and related financial tables will also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Cadence delivered strong operating results for Q3. Revenue was $434 million, up 8% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27%, above the high end of our guidance range. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.28 also above the high end of our guidance range. And operating cash flow was $87 million, which keep us on track for our guidance of $360 million for the year. Let us first address the environment. Semiconductor business conditions remain challenging and slower semiconductor growth for the year now appears likely. As we reported last quarter, we remain mindful of the ongoing consolidation in our semiconductor customer base. While we do not expect the material impact on our business near term, consolidation could pose a challenge to industry growth over the next few years. Now let us turn to the Q3 highlights. Our System Design Enablement strategy continues to create new vertical opportunity. In Q3, we signed a significant contract with GE Aviation for IP, hardware and system level design services. A biomedical technology company adopted our low power mixed-signal design flow. We became the provider for the functional verification environment of a leading automotive chip supplier, and a global automotive supplier significantly expanded its contract for functional safety verification to reduce their effort for ISO 26262 compliance. In the digital and signoff space, the theme for the quarter was continued innovation, adoption and proliferation of our new products. We expanded our digital footprint across multiple growing industries and across multiple process nodes. We now have over 30 such customers using the Innovus Implementation System for the advanced-node production designs. This includes seven of the industry’s top 10 semiconductor customers, companies where our digital implementation position has increased significantly. In just three months, since its launch the Genus Synthesis Solution has already been purchased by multiple companies with many more in evaluation. Cypress Semiconductor is standardizing on the Cadence full digital flow and Spectre XPS for full customer verification for their next generation 40 nanometer mainstream products. Innovation continues with the introduction of another digital product, the Joules RTL Power Solution. Joules deliver time based, RTL Power analysis 20 times faster than previous solutions. One of our most exciting announcements of the quarter was that the nano-electronics research institute imec and Cadence completed a takeoff of the world’s first five nano-meter test chip using EUV combined with 193 immersion, lithography and quadruple patterning. In Signoff, our Tempus Timing Solution surpassed 200 tape-outs, while the Voltus Power Solution and Quantus Extraction Solution continue to add new customers. Cadence earned a Partner of the year award from CSMC for joint development of the 10 nano-meter design input infrastructure. IP is the fast growing part of our business. It is one of the key [tenants] [ph] of our System Design Enablement strategy. The new Tensilica vision 5 Fourth Generation imaging DSP was introduced in Q3, which significantly improved capabilities and performance. The Vision P5 already have a major design win, and we believe the vision market present a huge opportunity especially in mobile, data and IoT applications. Design IP had the best quarter ever. Two major customers, a system company and a semiconductor company have adopted our 14/16 nanometer multi-protocol SERDES PHY for production design. Ours is the first multi protocol SERDES PHY at this node. We also released a broad portfolio of design IP for CSMC 10-nanometer FinFET process, for which we already have secure multiple design wins. We received the CSMC panel of the year award for analog/mixed-signal IP. Now, let us turn towards System Design and Verification. Verification remains the fastest growing challenge for our customers, who must deliver functionally correct products within ever tighter market windows. Addressing the Verification problem requires a holistic approach with the integration of multiple, complimentary products which we provide with our system development suite. The suite had a all-time record quarter in Q3, driven by the growth in North America and China. The exciting news for the hardware is that we have begun shipping our next generation emulation platform. Purchases of Palladium XP II, the existing platform continues at a good pace in Q3 with strong sales to system companies. Sales of Protium, our FPGA prototyping platform, ramped significantly in Q3. Formal Verification had a very strong quarter. A large system company renewed and increased adjustment goal capacity by 60%. This was our largest order ever for formal verification. As companies in China move towards the leading edge, they are adopting formal technologies. And in Q3, we have our largest formal verification order so far in China. Our system interconnect business which includes PCB, Security System Analysis and IC Packaging Tools again delivered strong growth with revenue up 9% year-over-year. Our Allegro system in Package Technology now supports TSMC's Integrated Fan-Out packaging technology, also known as InFO. InFO advanced wafer level packaging technology provides cost effective system scaling to increase bandwidth and will be our ideal solutions for mobile and IoT applications. In summary, Cadence continued to deliver strong operating results in the environment that remains challenging. The System Design Enablement strategy is bringing more innovation and an increased vertical focus to our business and solutions. In digital and signoff, we saw continuous innovation, adoptions and proliferation of our new products. We are steadily introducing new products and gaining customers in IP. We have started shifting our next generation emulation platform. And our PCB system analysis and packaging solutions post another strong quarter of growth. Now I will turn the call over to Geoff to review financial results and provide our outlook
Geoff Ribar: Thanks Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. As Alan mentioned at the start of our call, we introduced our CFO Commentary this quarter. As a result, I will be focussing on the quarter highlights and operational drivers in my prepared remarks. You will find all of the numbers in the CFO Commentary which are included in our 8-K filing today and is also available on our website. The CFO Commentary should be referenced in conjunction with both my remarks and our earnings press release issued today. Now for the Q3 results. As Lip-Bu discussed, the environment remains challenging, and the pace of customer consolidation seems to continue unabated. So I’m especially proud of the way we’ve been able to achieve good results in this environment. Total revenue was $434 million, up 8% year-over-year. Revenue exceeded our expectations due to the timing between Q3 and Q4 of certain transactions. As Lip-Bu said, we began shipping our next-generation emulation platform. We expect to begin recognizing revenue in Q4. Total cost and expenses on a non-GAAP basis were $316 million, up 9% year-over-year. As previously discussed, the growth and expenses this year reflects the investments we are making in R&D and technical customer support. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27% unchanged from 2014. Results exceeded our expectations due both to higher revenue and at better expense management. GAAP net income per share was $0.25. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.28 up 8% year-over-year. In addition to higher revenue and better expense management, lower than assumed interest expense contributed to the better than expected non-GAAP EPS. Operating cash flow was $87 million compared to $88 million for Q3, 2014. Cash and short term investments were $711 million at quarter end compared to $744 million at the end of Q2. DSO were 28 days. Our new stock repurchase program is off to a strong start. We repurchased 5.9 million shares of stock in Q3 for $120 million. Our program target remains 1.2 billion by the end of 2016 and we expect the pace of repurchases to pick up in Q1, 2016 after the final settlement in December of the warrants associated with the convertible debt we retired in June 2015. Now, let’s turn to our outlook for the fourth quarter. We expect revenue in Q4 to be in the range of $434 million to $444 million. And fair [ph] expectation takes into account, the timing of certain transactions between Q3 and Q4. Also pleased to recall that Q4 2014 included an extra $50 million of revenue due to the extra week in our fiscal 2014. This is also a good time to remind everyone that while our software maintenance revenue is highly predictable, revenue for both hardware and IP is lumpier, which may contribute to increased variability and quarterly revenue as these businesses grow. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in a range of 27% to 28%. GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.20 to $0.22. Non-GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter is expected in the range of $0.28 to $0.30. Now for our fiscal 2015 outlook. Bookings are projected to be in a range of $1.87 billion to $1.93 billion, unchanged from last quarter. Revenue is expected to be in a range of $1.695 billion to $1.705 billion. The midpoint is unchanged from last quarter and hardware revenue is expected to increase in 2015 compared to last year. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of approximately 26% to 27%. This is up from our prior expectation of 25% to 26% due to strong execution and expense management. As we discussed last quarter, remember to think about the next year that our investments in hiring power and being a technical customer support have ramped throughout the year and would continue to do so in Q4, hence we will exit 2015 in a higher expense run rate than we are at present. GAAP EPS is now expected to be in the range of $0.75 to $0.77. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected in the range of $1.06 to $1.08, which is up $0.07 at the midpoint from our initial guidance for 2015 due to strong execution and expense management. We expect operating cash flow to be approximately $360 million, unchanged from last quarter. You will find additional guidance for the additional items in the CFO Commentary. So with that operator, we’ll now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Gary Mobley from Benchmark.
Gary Mobley: Hi, guys thanks for taking my question. This is my first question on your call, so hopefully I don’t ask it in a wrong way or offend anybody, but I wanted to start out by asking about the sequential decrease in deferred revenue. Is there anything to read into that as far as customer licensing activity?
Geoff Ribar: No, for us deferred revenue is really just cash that we’ve collected upfront and we work very hard to match our cash collections with our revenue. So that’s nothing -- it’s just a normal variability with that.
Gary Mobley: Okay, appreciate the fact that you haven’t changed your outlook for total bookings for the year, but have you seen any early indication as to how your customer consolidation in particular on the semiconductor side has impacted the licensing pipeline, whether it be shorter license duration or maybe just in general hesitation on your customers part to commit to licensing activity?
Lip-Bu Tan: This is Lip-Bu, let me start with clearly the environment of semiconductor business condition continues to be challenging as I mentioned. Clearly the softer semiconductor growth for the year [indiscernible]. Saying that, I think clearly the ongoing consolidation in our customer base will continue. That potentially will have challenge in the longer term but we do not expect any material impact in the short term. And so, overall I think we see consolidation will continue and the pace will continue. But meanwhile, I think it’s a great opportunity for us to continue driving new product, new solutions that meets the customer’s challenging requirement in terms of design, and also we see a new breed of system company that are engaging heavily with us, that’s our great opportunity in terms of the verticals. So overall we don’t see any significant change in terms of their behaviour or pattern. Geoff, anything to add…
Gary Mobley: Okay. Appreciate the response and an extension to that response. I'm not asking you to name any specific licensing opportunities with the system OEM, but could you share with us your opinion as to how the consolidation in semiconductor industry might increase verticalization amongst your system OEMs, in other words, taking on more responsibility for SoC design as a part of overall system design, and how that impacts your business long term?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Good question. Let me try to answer. Clearly, I think the consolidation that increased in the system OEMs, the system company, those are great opportunity for us, because we have a whole suite of product offerings that has met their requirement. So, first of all, I think clearly our much improved digital flow we can talk more about it. And then, secondly our custom/analog will continue to move into the advanced node. And our IP portfolio has been increasing substantially and in the system engagement. And then also our PCB security system analysis, hardware, software co-design, co-verification, so we kind of call it system design enablement that we provide [Fan-out] [ph] will be a very welcome solution from the system company. They want to look at the entire set, beside the tool, beside the IP and also the hardware and software design so that time to market will be critical success for them and we have a key solution they are looking for and it’s something that we are very excited about.
Gary Mobley: Okay. That's it from me. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Rich Valera from Needham & Company.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Lip-Bu, I just want to clarify your comments on the impact of M&A. So you're saying you're not seeing anything short term. What is that you're thinking you're going to see long term, you just saying it could be a headwind to the industry in general. I just want to clarify what you were saying about the longer term potential impact from semiconductor M&A?
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. I think is a very good question. And clearly, as I indicated earlier we don't see any short-term behavior changes. But I think is more the impact in the longer term. The main reason I think that because it’s a longer term EDA is very complex, very difficult to predict. We’re clearly seeing that in more consolidation and the customer have a greater economic power and that also have the energy – engineering synergy that will result with a fewer EDA [indiscernible]. Saying that clearly it is a good opportunity for us, when we have the whole portfolio of solution that we can provide them. For them it’s very important, it’s time to market. And then help them to solve their most complex design in the 16, 14, 10 and 7 nanometer and we believe we have the right solution, the best product in the marketplace to provide that solution for them to meet that types market challenges, especially in the hardware, software, packaging, system design envelope that it can analyze. And then the power is critical. And then some of the massive [indiscernible] is critical for their success and that's where we’re trying to [indiscernible].
Rich Valera: Great, thank you that. Had a couple questions on your emulation box, shipping the new box, congratulations on that. One, just wanted to get a sense of how you see the manufacturing ramp for that going, where you stand with your contract manufacturing partner, are they up to speed? And how you think that trajectory goes? And then if you can talk at all about what kind of order book you have for that new box, and when do you think you maybe catch up with that production, assuming you do have some backlog already built up?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Good question. We are extremely pleased with Q3 that we’re able to have begun shipping our next-generation emulation platform. We expect to recognize the first revenue in Q4 and we're delighted to see the booking building up. And so I think as we expected and predicted that we organize a team with a strong operation, manufacturing with contract manufacturing in place, so, this time around we are able to scale more efficiently. And so I think to answer your question, we have the right management team in place for the manufacturing realm and the order is coming in very nicely and we're happy with that and our first recognition of revenue in Q4.
Geoff Ribar: And this revenue is -- the expected revenues are included in our guidance.
Rich Valera: Great. Geoff, would you be willing to say anything at this point? One, I'm guessing, though, but would you say if you think emulation revenue is up sequentially in Q4 versus Q3, and then any thoughts on emulation revenue in 2016 versus 2015 at this point?
Geoff Ribar: Sure. The things that we’ve said is we expect emulation revenue to be up in 2015 versus 2014 which we've already said. At this stage we're not ready to guide 2016; of course we'll do that in Q4.
Rich Valera: Okay. That's it from me. Thanks gentlemen.
Geoff Ribar: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good afternoon. A couple of short-term product questions first. Following up on Richard’s question just now about emulation. For the business to be up year-over-year, which you reiterated would be the case, would it be fair to say that in Q4 you would probably have to have a record quarter ahead of what you did with emulation in Q4 of 2012 and Q4 of 2013, to eke out some gain for the year? The second product question is, at your CDNLive customer event in Boston early last month, it was mentioned that in October the month just ending of course, that Genus would become generally available commercially, and that you would ship a new version of Innovus 15.2, as well. Could you talk about whether either of those two events for Genus and Innovus occurred? 
Lip-Bu Tan: I'll take the emulation question, Jay, but we'd again we're going to say as 2015 is up over 2014 for emulation and that's all we're going to stay at this particular point in time.
Geoff Ribar: And then on the digital question that you have and first of all, we are very delighted with our Innovus penetration, only six months since we launched a product, as I mentioned in my remarks, over 30 customers using Innovus advanced node productions design and then includes 7 on the industry top 10 semiconductor companies and they have increased significantly with us. So back to your question on Genus side, three months being launched, we have over 40 customers evaluating on our solutions and then quite few of them already have multiple purchase with us and we're delighted with the progress that it's making. And then the fact, we are really excited is the IMEC 5 nanometer test chip using Innovus. So Innovus is proliferating very rapidly, across all the top customers and we're delighted to see that. But I think all in all, I think clearly we're working on the Innovus I'd mentioned 2.0, we don't ever stop. We continue to work on it. And then as time comes we're going to launch, we will announce that. But so far we continue to really see it by the customers at the most advanced node and stable performance that is really working well for customers and proliferate across all the product line, all the engineering team.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Okay. Maybe we can talk about the issue of semi customer consolidation in the context of EDA consolidation. Over the last number of years, as you know, EDA has become increasingly consolidated, the big three including yourselves. You now have well over 80% of total industry revenue, wasn't that long ago, about 75% or so. So your increase in consolidation has occurred as your customers have become increasingly consolidated, but now the question becomes, how much more consolidation can there be in EDA to perhaps help offset the consolidation among your customers? When you break down the remaining, let's call it $900 million or so of EDA revenue that is not Cadence, Synopsys and Mentor, four or five companies account for the bulk of that. Ansys, Zuken, Keysight. Altium and of course, Trent [ph] is gone now. So that leaves you lots of little companies that probably wouldn't be all that material if you were to acquire them among the remaining non-big three companies. So, I guess the question is how are you thinking about further consolidation that would be meaningful from a revenue and technology standpoint for you in EDA, and perhaps where does that lead you to perhaps doing something outside of EDA, as Synopsys has done with Coverity?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Good question, and clearly our customers are consolidating, but it’s a great opportunity for us as I mentioned earlier. We continue to double account on our product development. I'm very pleased and very proud of my team. The last two years we have sell new products organically developed. And so, clearly we're going to continue driving the innovation culture within Cadence non-stop and we continue to drive the innovation culture and development side. And I'm saying that, clearly we continue to look outside and clearly the M&A we really focus on disciplined approach to our M&A. We had to really had to fit our culture, our synergy that we plan to build in that System Design Enablement strategy, we already layout and clearly have to have a differentiated technology and clearly we can bring it Top 10 management team and then finding the talent that can augment our current team and of course, they are really providing the recent on investment that is attractive to us. So, all-in-all I'm saying is that continues focus on our internal development were closely with the Tier 1 customer and that's what we can learn from them and try the solution that they need. And then the other part is now using the M&A to augment and supplement our internal development where it makes sense. So I think overall we have very talent approach and we review with our Board, with our management team, every investment, acquisition remains with the synergy and execute well for us and we're not just buying revenue and we really focus on the product, the technology and the customer needs.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Last one from me, if I may for Geoff, would it be fair to say that the larger than expected revenues in Q3 owing to the timing effects was related to IP and specifically IP service engagements?
Geoff Ribar: I think what we're going to say is that, there is timing deferred transaction between Q3 and Q4 that allowed to exceed in Q3 and so keep the second half of the year unchanged.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Geoff Ribar: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gus Richard from Northland.
Gus Richard: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. It looks R&D expenses are coming down little bit in the second half, is that a function of the maturing of your new digital tools that you're supplying?
Geoff Ribar: Yes. If they are probably down, its' because of shutdowns and vacations and those types of things, we are continuing to make investment as I think I said in my prepared remarks which will lead to our run rate and expenses being higher by the end of Q4 than we are right now, and certainly higher it wouldn't be in the year. 
Gus Richard: Okay. Got it. And then, in terms of the emulation products, can you just describe what trigger were in effect the fourth quarter, you obviously shift some tool, are you waiting on customer acceptance or how is that going to work for you since it’s a capital equipment?
Geoff Ribar: Yes. I think it's again a great news that we're shipping our next-generation emulation platform. We will recognize – we expect to recognize as revenue started in Q4, there is of course acceptance criteria that has to be met for revenue accounting and hardware.
Gus Richard: Okay. And after the first article does that change going forward and then will be little bit smoother in terms of recognizing revenue?
Geoff Ribar: The acceptance criteria remain very similar.
Gus Richard: Okay. All right. And could you just talk a little bit about the growth overall EDA, as you see it over the next couple of years. It looks like the core digital implementation has grown about 4%. Is that kind of what you think the industry growth rates going to be and how do you think you can do vis-à-vis that in terms of market share?
Geoff Ribar: Yes. Because of how we round those schedules, it looks like its 4%. The digital revenue was actually up 7% year-over-year, and is always like a lot of noise in quarterly revenue at the product group level. So it’s up 7% year-over-year and we're of course not challenging on long term EDA growth.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think and just to add on to what Geoff mentioned earlier, clearly our customer are facing a lot of challenges in terms of the complexity of design and then clearly when you move down the geometry to 14, 16 and some of them are moving to 10 and 7 and then clearly [Indiscernible] and then EDA becomes so essential for their design, and that's where we see the opportunity and we need to triple down in terms some of our solution to provide the needed solutions at the end of Q4 and start looking for other opportunities.
Gus Richard: Okay. Got it. Thank you so much for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Monika Garg from Pacific Crest Securities.
Monika Garg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Since you’ve release the new emulation platform, could you maybe talk about how do you expect the benefit on your operating margins with the new platform?
Geoff Ribar: Yes, obviously Monika, we're not going to be guiding individual product categories of product gross margin at the station.
Monika Garg: Okay. Then Geoff, you still have more than a 1 billion kind of $1 billion left in share repurchase which you announced last quarter, maybe could you talk about how do you plan the finance the same?
Geoff Ribar: Sure. We've been consistent in saying that the repurchase program was funded by U.S. cash on hand, future U.S. cash flow and additional debt. There is question lot of time between that and then 2016 and don't forget we have 250 million undrawn credit facility also at this time. We remain committed to the repurchase program.
Monika Garg: Got it. Thanks. And then the last one here. The service revenue has ramped in 2015 almost up 30% plus year-over-year, maybe can you talk about any particular reasons for that?
Geoff Ribar: Now, services revenue is going to be just based on business demand and how that system comes out, so we were quite happy with our business there and are doing quite at that business.
Monika Garg: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Thanks. Hi, guys. Can you actually quantify for us the timing impact in terms of the revenue, so how much revenue came into third quarter from the fourth quarter?
Geoff Ribar: We kept to year on change, Sterling, I think that’s probably the best way to look at it. Right, so you know how the numbers played out were kind of based on time between Q3 and Q4, but we're not going to specify how much.
Sterling Auty: And then, there was question little bit earlier, but I just wanted to ask it this way. When you look at the last Paladium cycle, how many quarters does it take to get to either peak revenue or fully ramped revenue?
Geoff Ribar: So I think that the key point is how we did in the last time 2011 and 2010 and 2011 was materially different than we are this time. The cycle is clearly different based on the back of 2010 or 2011, we were coming out of the great recession. We also had when emulation was first become a requirement, once you get under 40 nanometer. So we expect this cycle to be different of course than that cycle was. We are seeing strong customer demand, probably with a good backlog and we expect healthy adoption rates but we want you to keep that in mind.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then can you give at least some qualitative color as you talk abut constraints in the IP business in the quarter, how much of that would have been stuff that benefited primarily the third quarter versus, lot of your IP business is ratable as well. So, how much benefit would we see kind of in the fourth quarter and into 2016 from the strength in the IP business this quarter?
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So the IP business was up about 27% quarter over -- year-over-year right from the prior of Q3. That business is lumpy as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, and will likely continue to be lumpy. There is some parts that's recurring and there's some parts that's lumpy and so the revenue will fluctuate more as we continue to grow that business. So maybe that little bit of qualitative comment, hopefully that helps.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And last one from my side, the warrant settlement in December, the last part of the month, just because -- there are lots of question. Can you go ahead and give just some color around what the logistics around that look like in terms of how it settles any cash impact if any etcetera?
Geoff Ribar: Sure, so the warrant settles from the early part of December to the early part of December. The net share is settled, so no cash involved with that. And a potential dilution is already in the share count, so I think those are probably the three semi points, Sterling.
Sterling Auty: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Diffely from DA Davidson.
Tom Diffely: Yes. Good afternoon. So, first I guess, Lip-Bu, is there something where you can gives us little more color on the capabilities of the new emulation tool as for the previous version or the competitive landscape?
Lip-Bu Tan: Now, clearly, we continue to improve our non-performance and the power and then most important, clearly we will provide you more detail when we announce the new platform 
Tom Diffely: Okay. And is there a certain customer type or chip type that it is designed for initially, or is it a fairly broad all-encompassing?
Geoff Ribar: It’s drawn and clearly I think they are not just a semiconductor company in the high performance compact design and [Indiscernible]. And the system company, wholly [ph] appreciate I think if they can find the box earlier, that can help them tremendously in their time to market. So now anything that's below 40 nanometer contact design, in this [Indiscernible] that we have a very strong footprint. Clearly, our product development, or clearly our customer has exposed with, they love it and so we’ll continue to give up the booking.
Tom Diffely: Okay. I guess switching gears then, when you look at IoT as potential driver going forward, obviously there will be simpler chips with very high units. How do you view IoT as a potential incremental driver for EDA?
Geoff Ribar: Good question. So, I think clearly IoT is very exciting, but I think couple of factors that drives the growth, one is IoT, a lot is connecting and collecting data and then mostly go to the cloud. And so that whole cloud big data infrastructure and that is our stronghold and we are delighted. You know a lot of our digital and verification portfolio that we can provide and helping out customer to succeed on that. And then on the IoT side, really the low power is critical and also clearly the IP block become very important to them. We are now seeing -- now the new Tensilica Vision key files and then so Tensilica being a programmable engine clearly have a huge opportunity for IoT application because there's something that you can programmable and then see what sticks and then particularly providing the solution, the diagnostics or monitoring the data that can collect from human being and then go up to cloud. So that kind of high speed connectivity, wireless capability would be critical. So our IP design IP benefits from it and then clearly our digital, a lot of those design are mix signal, so clearly the mix signal analog becomes critical, and of course all has to be within the power envelope, and that's why our packaging become very exciting. And lot of customer are using our PCB and also our Sigrity. Sigrity can enable to analyze the system level, so that you know we don’t have to do the re-scheme, because it can predict the power and the performance more accurately. And encouraging on our new product called Joules that can provide a whole power estimation that is critical IoT. So I think all-in-all somewhat disciplined [ph] income market, we are very excited because we are building up or the building box needed providing the solution to our customers.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then how long do you think it takes to really get hot?
Geoff Ribar: How long can you get up?
Tom Diffely: How long until this market really is a robust market for you? It sounds like you are putting all the pieces in place, but at what point do you think both the units and also the infrastructure is going to create a big business for you?
Geoff Ribar: So I think clearly just in the early stage of evolution. And now clearly if you look at the bids and then some of this came through from Samsung and Apple Watch. They are all starting into the flow of getting the data that can be useful for data analytics. Frankly speaking, I think the business model it could be clear that in terms of my personal belief the data analytics or the big data will be the big driver. And so I think even I'll see [Indiscernible] to say that proliferating very rapidly in terms of healthcare, in some of you know the fitness and then overtime, people are going to come out with the better solution to keep us more aware of our wellbeing. And also more connected through our community assembly members, and to me that is very -- of moving that. And then the other part is also IoT link up to some of the smart devices, connected device, and also of dumb devices can be devices can be connected. So that low power is critical and that's way I think a Cadence Solution will be shining and then providing to the customer in the low power environment providing the latter targeting.
Tom Diffely: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Geoff, over the next couple of years when you see an increase in your business moving towards IP and hardware how do you view that impact on the margin structure?
Geoff Ribar: So, Tom, it’s a good question. Its something we think about all the time, but right now we're not guiding beyond 2015, what you know, little bit more when we guide 2016 in January, February timeframe.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Yes, thank you. Geoff, you are increasing the operating margin guidance by 100 basis points, that's pretty significant. So can you talk about a little bit what is driving that? One of the things you talked about vacations and time off, or shutdowns. Pretty sure that's not the only thing. Is the timing of your projects are moving out, or what drove that upside?
Geoff Ribar: I think our projects remained on-track and it's been strong execution, foreign exchange and expense management have clearly contribute. We will continue to ramp expenses in R&D and technical customer support through the year and honesty in Q4 also, so just remember that we will exit 2015 at a higher expense run rate than we currently are running. Again for us it’s been strong execution thus far foreign exchange and expense management.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Great. And in terms of your expense trend, would you be done by end of 2015, or the pace will continue into 2016?
Geoff Ribar: We're not counting 2015 at this stage.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Okay. Then in terms of the revenue, if I look at the segment of course, there is rounding issues but this year you are doing strongest in IP of about 20%, and followed by functional verification more than 10%. Is that how we should be looking at going forward, those are the long-term -- are those the strongest growth segments for you?
Geoff Ribar: No. Again a couple of points, we don't guide individual segment Mahesh, it is just something that we don't do, and clearly right now we're not guiding 2015, stay tuned for January, February time frame.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Okay, let me try asking different way. You have talked about a significant market share, potential market share gain in digital design. And so the question is, when do we see that in numbers? Is it something, because of the way you recognize the revenue, should we be seeing that to be just down the road, how do -- when do we seen those in the numbers from the current growth rate?
Geoff Ribar: Yes, there is always going to be a lot of noise in the quarterly revenue as the product level grew. But fundamentally winning and proliferating will proceed the revenue growth and revenue ramp is digital. And just to give you the numbers again we were up 7% year-over-year in digital. So we’re quite happy with how we are doing.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Krish Sankar from Bank of America.
Krish Sankar: Yes, hi thanks for squeezing me. And I have two quick questions, one for Geoff. On the mechanics of the buyback, would the warrants settling between September 10 and December 10, is it fair to assume the $120 million in buyback in Q2 was done before September 10, and any buyback in Q4 will start after December 10?
Geoff Ribar: No, first we pretty much buy on a regular basis. We do not want to have us being in the market impact the warrant settlement, but we pretty much buy on a steady basis and if we walk on a daily basis when business is open.
Krish Sankar: Okay, all right. Another question for Lip-Bu, I think it has been spoken quite a bit now, but from a consolidation impacting, maybe in the long run you guys, we're just trying to figure out if you look at it, some of these M&A deals that are being announced have not yet completed yet. So is it fair to assume based on the time lag any impact on EDA budgets would be more of a 2017 event not a 2016 event, is this the right way to think about it?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think that’s a good question. I think the consolidation I mentioned earlier that are getting bigger and bigger and now clearly we want that company and we are going for action. So we continue to engage with the acquiring company and also being acquired company and make sure that we have a very strong footprints going forward. And clearly, some of this consolidation, the first thing they are -- to drive the efficiency and now in term of G&A that will be obvious. And then in terms of engineering side, we watch carefully in term of how they are locating and the resources that’s usually the last thing they want to change. And, but even today, that’s shows what the engineering talent you will grab somebody else, if there’s good talent. So I think we have -- keeping track of the talents, where they go to, mission that we continue to engage and then providing the solutions to them. So I think it’s very hard and very complex to predict publicly but very close to high and proactively. So we’re reaching out to the foreign company and that’s a mission that we continue to increase our footprint and providing the best solution and clearly they are going to drive some of their engineering synergy and immediately we -- and the fewer EDS shift, but hopefully not at our expense. So hopefully we will continue to increase because we have a best solution for them designed the most complex shift where they can depend on us.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Then if I could just squeeze in one last. How many contract manufacturers do you have for the current new emulation platform?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, we don’t provide that and they come purely from the competitive point of view and but we have a very strong leader that’s driving the whole supply change and clearly we have the whole messing up even as we started developing the product. So we are very strong in terms of plan and execution and I have very very good uptake from him. So I think clearly all in good places and of course we are also managing the risk associated within managing the risk and so I think you can read between lines we have a very strong plan in place for the manufacturers.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks a lot gentlemen. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Farhan Ahmad from Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks for taking my question. I just had a very high-level investor question. Lip-Bu, you kind of highlighted some of the concerns that are on more and more M&A in the semi space. I wanted to get some insight into how much of your revenues are coming from semi customers versus some of the new systems company that are doing semi conductor design? And you kind of started the call by highlighting some of your wins in aerospace, autos and bio medical. And I just wanted to see like if there is an offsetting defect to the M&A, in terms of systems companies becoming bigger and bigger part of the overall semi design and that’s something that’s not captured in these semi revenues. So I just wanted to understand if you can provide some commentary on that that will be really helpful.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, it’s a very powerful [ph] question. So I think you know a couple of things to highlight. And I think as I mentioned [Indiscernible] continue. Meanwhile you know we had been emphasizing on this system design development, the enablement. And that basis is providing the entire vertical solution spec that is from IT tool and PCB and a host of system design and verification and we strongly believe that is the strategy important and successful going forward to meet the requirement of some of this vertical that we mentioned earlier. We are very excited about some of this vertical. And so as I mentioned earlier, the IoT, the cloud infrastructure and the massive cloud infrastructure fuelling up, and the automotive is kind of the connective devices and then some of the medical field and DNA sequencing and all this chip data required income of cancer treatment and a few others and then those can be clear application for some of our IT portfolio and some of our EDA flow and also some of our hardware PCB and system analysis requirement. So all this time bodes well and synergistically providing a solution to attract some of this vertical. And answering your question the system company right now is more than 40% of our business and then some of that is very hard to categorize because some of the company system company also have a semiconductor subsidiary. And so we have to be very careful how to quantify that, but overall in general it is the fast growing increasing and also we have the right choice of platform for system company. We mentioned one, in my remarks, in the GE Aviation that is a very good example of EBITDA and then the hardware emulation and even some of the high end system levels and services that we can provide a solution to them and that is critical for some of these vertical markets.
Farhan Ahmad: Thank you. That’s all I had.
Operator: I will now turn the call over to Cadence’s President and CEO, Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, I am very proud to highlight that Great Place to Work Institute has recognized Cadence and our hardworking employees by including Cadence in -- in their 2015 list of the world’s 25 best multinational work places. I would like to thank all our employees, shareholders, customers and partners for their support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence Design Systems third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Senior Group Director of IR Lip-Bu Tan - President and CEO Geoff Ribar - Senior Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Krish Sankar - Bank of America Rich Valera - Needham & Company Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Gus Richard - Northland Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mike and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems’ Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Mike and welcome everyone to our second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website cadence.com and will be archived through September 18, 2015. A copy of today’s prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. With me today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company’s future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to the financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results. The reconciliation can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. A copy of today’s press release dated July 27, 2015 for the quarter ended July 4, 2015 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Our 10-Q for the quarter ended July 4, 2015 was also filed today. Now, I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Cadence produced strong operational results for Q2 while continuing to deliver innovative new products. Revenue was $416 million; non-GAAP operating margin was 28%; non-GAAP EPS was $0.27; and operating cash flow was $122 million. Let us start with the environment. Semiconductor business conditions continue to be mixed with some segments performing better than others. Overall, softer sales for the year now appear more lightly. So far there has been no material impact on design activity and demand for our products remains stable. We are also mindful of the customer consolidations in Q2. Long-term impact of this on our industry is complex and difficult to predict. While we do not expect material impact near-term, consolidation could pose a challenge to industry growth over the next few years. Earlier today, we announced a change of our current stock repurchase program. Cadence is committed to driving shareholder value through a balanced approach that drives growth, invest in innovation, and return capital to our shareholders. Our board and management team regularly and thoughtfully review all aspects of Cadence business and capital structure. As a result of such review, we announced a new $1.2 billion stock repurchase program which replaced our current program. Geoff will share more details about this program in a few minutes. Now, let us review Q2 product highlights. We continue to execute on our System Design Enablement strategy. I am pleased with our progress in driving growth in our core EDA business which is at the heart of the strategy, and with our momentum in IP and system inter connect. Innovation is the driving engine of our strategy. In Q2, we introduced two new products, the Genus Synthesis Solution which is our next-generation synthesis engine for digital design; and Indago Debug Platform which will significantly enhance functional debug productivity. With these new products, we have now delivered more than a 1,000 innovative new products in the past two years. Genus is the latest addition to our industry leading advanced digital design and signoff platform which includes Innovus, Tempus, Voltus and Quantus. Genus improves on previous synthesis tool by employing a massive parallel architecture that delivers up to five times fast turnaround and linear scaling of runtimes beyond 10 million instances. This will greatly improve our customer design productivity. TI and Imagination Technologies have endorsed Genus, and we have more than a thousand engagements underway. Innovus, our next generation digital implementation system, continues to rapidly gain traction with market-shaping customers on their most advanced designs. Qualcomm Technologies, NVIDIA, STMicroelectronics, and Faraday Technology have joined ARM, Freescale, Juniper and others in adopting Innovus for production design at the most advanced nodes, benefitting from excellent quality of results and faster turnaround time. Another important part of our System Design Enablement strategy is to bring a vertical orientation to our product portfolio and go-to-market strategy. I’m delighted to report that we are making good progress on several verticals. Infineon Technologies decided to partner with Cadence on a comprehensive Automotive Functional Safety solution, and a major Asian car manufacturer adopted Sigrity for system level analysis for Automotive Functional Safety. Tensilica had two significant automotive wins - one for car-to-car communication and another for an ADAS application. Bosch deployed our new Indago Debug Platform for advanced mixed-signal MEMS sensors and they believe Indago will enable them to continue to deliver for applications including consumer electronics, fitness tracking, wearables and IoT. And, we expanded our business with two major mil/aero customers. IP is the fastest growing part of our business and is essential to the System Design Enablement strategy. The three major parts of our IP business are Tensilica DSP, design IP, and verification IP. Tensilica represents the second most popular instruction-set architecture in the market, and we estimate that around 50 million IoT devices that contain Tensilica IP are already shipping annually. This quarter, we announced a collaboration with TSMC for IoT IP subsystems with our Tensilica Fusion DSP, plus our analog interfaces, and peripheral and sensor interfaces. Demand for high-performance-wired-interface IP cores for servers and datacenters was strong with a major datacenter OEM adopting our PCIe Gen 4 and DDR4 IP solutions. In memory space, we had our first 10-nanometer DDR4 physical interface IP win. On hardware front, Palladium XP won six new logos. One of our newest Palladium use models, Dynamic Power Analysis, is proving to be vital in diagnosing and debugging software-related power issues in mobile applications. Pre-production testing of our next-generation emulator continues, and we remain on track to start shipping later this year. So, now to summarize: Q2 was a solid quarter with strong operational execution; our System Design Enablement strategy is bringing more innovation and a more vertical focus to our business and solutions; we continue to gain traction in digital with the launch of Genus for RTL synthesis and top-tier customer adoption of the Innovus Implementation System; IP growth was strong and we continue to gain new customers; and finally, our new $1.2 billion stock repurchase program will return additional capital to our shareholders. I will now turn the call to Geoff to give you more details on our new stock repurchase program, review the financial results, and provide our outlook.
Geoff Ribar: Thank you Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. Let me start the discussion today with our new stock repurchase program, and then move on to our second quarter results and outlook. As Lip-Bu said, we have been, and are committed to driving shareholder value through a balanced approach that drives growth, invests in innovation, and returns capital to our shareholders. We will do this by continuing to invest in, and profitably grow the business; operating the business effectively and efficiently; financing the business with the efficient capital structure that provides the necessary flexibility to meet the investment needs of the business while maintaining adequate liquidity; and allocating capital to the highest return opportunities that will create value for our customers and for our investors. Our most recent review of the Cadence’s capital structure took into account Cadence’s capitalization, projected free cash flow, ongoing investment requirements, maintaining adequate liquidity, future acquisition opportunities, and input from investors. Based on the results of this review, we are replacing our current $450 million stock repurchase program with a new program to repurchase $1.2 billion of our shares over the next six quarters through the end of 2016. The actual timing and amount of repurchases will be based on business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, acquisition opportunities, and other factors. One such factor is the settlement of our warrants which begins in September of this year and extends through early December. We plan to limit the pace of our repurchase program during that period. We expect the new share repurchase program will be funded by U.S. cash on hand, future U.S. cash flow, and additional debt. We also plan to reduce U.S. cash over time to a minimum level that we believe is prudent to operate the business; maintain adequate liquidity; and maintain strategic capacity for investment opportunities. Now let’s move on to the quarterly review. Cadence had a strong Q2. Total revenue was $416 million, up 10% compared to $379 million for Q2 of 2014. The revenue mix for the geographies was 48% percent for the Americas; 23% for Asia; 20% for EMEA; and 9% for Japan. Revenue mix by product group was 21% for functional verification; 29% for digital IC design and signoff; 27% for custom IC design; 11% for system interconnect and analysis, and 12% for IP. The weighted average contract life was approximately 2.4 years. Total costs and expenses on a non-GAAP basis were $300 million, compared to $315 million for Q1, and $290 million for the year ago quarter. Q2 headcount was 6,405 which was up 145 from Q1, primarily due to hiring in R&D and technical field positions. Non-GAAP operating margin was 28%, compared to 23% for Q1, and 23% for the year ago quarter. Product mix, the timing of certain expenses, and the fact that our fourth of July shutdown week fell in Q2 this year instead of the usual Q3, all contributed to a higher than normal non-GAAP operating margin for Q2. GAAP net income per share was $0.19. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.27, compared to $0.23 for Q1, and $0.21 for Q2 2014. Operating cash flow was $122 million, compared to $47 million for Q1, and $69 million for the year ago quarter. Total DSOs were 29 days, compared to 30 for Q1 and 26 for year ago quarter. Capital expenditures were $17 million; this was higher than Q1 due to the timing of facilities investments. We expect capital expenditures to remain approximately $40 million for the year. Cash and short-term investments were $744 million at quarter-end, compared to $980 million at the end of Q1. We paid $296 million in cash on June 1st to complete the retirement of our convertible notes. We repurchased 2.9 million shares of common stock for $56.3 million during the quarter. 47% of our cash and short-term investments were in U.S. at quarter-end. As a reminder, our outstanding warrants will settle from September through December. The potential dilution table is in our 10-Q filing. Now let’s turn to our outlook for the third quarter. Note that our outlook includes the projected impact of increased share repurchases and additional debt. For Q3, we expect revenue to be in the range of $423 to $433 million. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 25% to 26%. As Lip-Business mentioned in his remarks, in Q2 we added several more marquee customers for digital. We are continuing our plan to invest in hiring to support and expand our business with these market-shaping customers in Q3 and Q4. GAAP EPS for the third quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.17 to $0.19. Non-GAAP EPS for the second quarter is expected in the range of $0.25 to $0.27. Now for our fiscal 2015 outlook. The midpoints of our bookings and revenue guidance for the year are unchanged from last quarter. The bookings are projected to be in the range of $1.87 billion to $1.93 billion. We expect weighted average contract life in the range of 2.4 years to 2.6 years, and we expect at least 90% of the revenue for the year to be recurring in nature. Revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.685 billion to 1.715 billion. We continue to expect hardware revenue to increase in 2015 compared to last year. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 25% to 26%. This is up from our prior expectation of approximately 25% due to favorable expense variances in the first half. While we will not address 2016 until our Q4 earnings call, but as you think about next year, you should be aware of the fact that our costs of investments in hiring for R&D and technical customer support are ramping throughout the year, so we will exit 2015 with a higher expense run rate than where we are at present. Non-GAAP other income and expense is now expected to be in the range of negative $25 million to negative $19 million. Our assumed non-GAAP income tax rate is 23%. We are assuming weighted average diluted shares outstanding of 308 million to 314 million for the year. GAAP EPS is now expected to be in the range of $0.63 to $0.69. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected in the range of $1.00 to $1.06, which is an increase of $0.02 at the midpoint. We expect operating cash flow to be approximately $360 million, up from our prior guidance of approximately $350 million. Our DSO forecast is approximately 30 days, and we expect capital expenditures of approximately $40 million. Now in closing, we believe our new stock repurchase program will enable us to enhance value to our investors by optimizing our current balance sheet to continue delivering mission critical products to our customers, expanding our leadership position in System Design Enablement, and allocating capital efficiently between future investments in the business, maintaining liquidity and returning capital to our shareholders. So with that operator, we’ll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Krish Sankar from Bank of America.
Krish Sankar: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had a couple of them. First one on the buyback, Geoff you mentioned that you’re going to use U.S. cash, cash flow and also some debt. Just kind of curious what kind of debt level are you talking about; what are you comfortable with seeking the help quantify that is in terms of leverage or any kind of number that would be very helpful? And then I had a follow up.
Geoff Ribar: So our review we took into account Cadence’s capitalization, our projected free cash flows, ongoing investment requirements, maintaining adequate liquidity and future acquisition opportunities. When we are ready to let you know the amount, we will let you know; it’s hard for us to speculate at this time, based on market conditions and securities laws.
Krish Sankar: And then question for Lip-Bu. You’ve kind of mentioned how the consolidation is really a complex situation, tough to quantify how it’s going to impact your -- the design activity of the EDA budget. I am kind of curious, are you seeing any changes yet either positive or negative from the consolidation that has happened so far? And along the same path, some of your customers seem to be pushing out or slowing down the 10-nanometer ramp, kind of curious how that impacts design activity.
Lip-Bu Tan: So first of all, I think clearly that we see the pace of consolidations to increase. And so clearly, I think from the design point of view, we don’t see any material impact. And as I indicated earlier, I think the consolidation in a longer term may have some impact to the overall growth of the industry. But so far, we don’t see any positive or negative impact. But clearly, some of this consolidation is also a great opportunity for us. When we see our product continue to innovate better product, better solution and when they go into the more complex, more advanced node, clearly the opportunity for us to win and also we can prove for it. And then the other part, we also see a new split of system and service provider that is either to go vertical integrated and aggregated and that’s a greater opportunity for us. So I think we stick to our game plan in terms of System Design Enablement, really focused on executing our core EDA business, our IP business, our PCB and then go beyond some of the vertical focus that we have, we highlighted some of the success we have. We are going to continue execute and then be truly a trusted partner for them.
Krish Sankar: And then just as a final follow up. Lip-Bu, in the prepared comments, you mentioned you added some digital customers. Are these customers actually using Cadence blocks on actual design flow or are they just in their evaluation phase today? And how are you penetrating these customers; do you have to give any free services as a part of it or is it more purely based on merit?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, good question. So, we are delighted, in fact we are very pleased with our progress in terms of our innovation and then the new product that we are offering. And clearly, the customers see the benefit of the massive parallel architecture faster run time, 5 times is significant and also the scale to 10 million instances that is significant for them. So we highlight some of the key names like Qualcomm Technology, NVIDIA, STMicroelectronics; Faraday to join ARM, Freescale and Juniper. They are much not just evaluating, actually they are designing, adopting our Innovus for production design for the most advanced node based on the excellent quality or results and then faster turnaround and they are clearly seeing the benefit of the delivery that we mentioned earlier. So right now, we have a good design win and now we are really focused on perforating [ph] to various product groups so that they can be comprehensively using us as a platform of choice.
Geoff Ribar: And by the way Krish, we get paid for these too.
Operator: The next question is from Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Geoff, just wanted to clarify your comments with respect to being sort of not in the market while you are settling the warrants. So is that you said the months of September through December you would expect minimal buybacks; is that correct?
Geoff Ribar: Yes. What we said is we will be -- we will constrain the pace of our repurchase program during that period. Obviously as those are being settled, we don’t want to interfere the warrant settlements, Rich. We will be in the market during that period of time but the amount will be constrained.
Rich Valera: And I just wanted to understand that the level of commitment to the full $1.2 billion over the six quarters is going to be -- I’m assuming there is a pretty high level of commitment there but sort of qualifying language you put right after that seems to suggest that maybe you, maybe you wouldn’t purchase it depending on market conditions. I just wanted to make sure that -- just trying to understand from you better, what is that level of commitment for the $1.2 billion over that timeframe?
Geoff Ribar: Richard, that’s a very good question. So I think a couple points I’ll make. This is a serious process that we go through with our board and our management team to look at capital allocation and by the way, review our business and capital structure at the same time. As a result, we improved the $1.2 billion plan. Second, I think if you look at our past commitments, right, we have met those as far the repurchases in the marketplace. Again, of course there is business conditions, M&A and those types of things which may impact us going forward but it is the commitment that we’ve made.
Lip-Bu Tan: Just to add on, this is Lip-Bu. Cadence is committed to driving shareholder value and in a very balanced approach and drive growth, invest in innovation, and then return capital to our shareholders. And the board and the management review regularly and thoroughly, all the aspects of our business and capital structure. And as a result of this review and we put in place a new plan and so we take it seriously with our board, with the management and then really focus on driving shareholder value.
Rich Valera: When do you think you might be able to talk about any debt or notes that you might use to finance the buyback and any sense on the timing of when we might get more clarity?
Geoff Ribar: As you know in this world there is a lot of uncertainty. We’ll let you know if and when we decide to do the offering. As you probably also noticed, we filed an S3 today which gives us some flexibility. But it’s difficult for us to speculate right now. We’ll let you know as soon as we can.
Operator: The next question comes from Ruben Roy from Piper Jaffray.
Ruben Roy: My first question Lip-Bu, I want to return to the discussion you’re having around the digital tools. In terms of some of the customer traction, you said it’s new customers for Innovus for instance. Is there a way to think about what kind of traction you’re seeing with customers with this round of products, specifically Innovus versus maybe your previous implementation system and counter and perhaps from a maybe a little bit of longer term perspective, two or three years where you think your digital market share can get to as your customers seem to be using these tools for new generation designs. Thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan: So, I think overall we are very pleased with our offering in the digital and signoff area. We mentioned about Genus; this is our latest addition and we mentioned about TI and Imagination and a dozen of other we are engaging. And then the Innovus, we are very delighted; this is a completely re-written and it’s massively parallel architecture and clearly see the benefit on the faster runtime and then scalable to 10 million instances. And then we are delighted to highlight some of the key customers; they are selecting us Qualcomm Technologies, NVIDIA STMicro and Faraday and then joining Freescale, ARM and Juniper and clearly they see the result. Clearly they see the faster turnaround. And then seeing that we also have some of this signoff tools Tempus, Voltus, Quantus, they all add on additional 10 new logos each. And so, we are delighted with all this tier 1 customer winning and then meanwhile, we continue to really focus on the take out and the design win and then proliferate across all their product groups that is our job. And so that we will continue to investing in the engineering side in terms of the few organizations so that we can support the customer win. And that’s a most important focus on us. So I think all we are saying is we have earlier deployment success and right now we are rapidly proliferating across product group in those leading customers.
Ruben Roy: If I can add one thing, we are strong revenue growth year-over-year in digital. If you look at our supplemental schedule, you can see the revenue growth. So, we’re seeing the results.
Lip-Bu Tan: And then in terms of two years from now, I think clearly, we continue to execute. And I think the opportunity is great but I think one thing at a time.
Ruben Roy: And then Geoff, a quick follow-up. I may have missed it, I think you’re going through sort of discussion around OpEx exiting this year little quickly and I may have missed it. But it sounded like you’re saying that you’re existing 2015 at a higher rate that you are on now, which is not surprising. But were there any specific areas that you’re investing in if you look at 2016 or any other color as to how to think about OpEx as either percentage of revenue or percentage of growth versus revenue as we look at 2016?
Geoff Ribar: So, the fundamental reason we’re investing is, is some of the strategic wins that Lip-Bu talked about with our digital flows and those types of things and our customer wins. So we’re investing in our R&D and technical sales people to support those wins. And of course as we announce those wins, we want to make sure we support our customers fully on both deploying these wins but then enhancing these wins and proliferating these wins going forward, so that’s why our expenses are going up from now to at the end of the year. And we’ll talk about 2016 when we talk about 2016.
Ruben Roy: Last one then for me, you’re reiterating your expectation for hardware revenue to increase in 2015. Any update on timing of the new platform shipping?
Lip-Bu Tan: As I mentioned, preproduction testing of our next generation emulation continues. We remain on track to start shipping later this year. And we will provide more details when the new product formally launched.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Geoff, first for you; I would like to get a better sense of the moving parts inside the second quarter numbers and as well you guidance for the year. For the quarter, you were total product and maintenance revenue was hardly up sequentially but your hardware cost of revenues as per the 10-Q were down pretty materially year-over-year and sequentially. So would it be fair to say your emulation revenues were also down pretty significantly from Q1 and year-over-year but you were able to offset that with outperformance on the services revenue and services revenue in turn would have correlated to the strength of IP?
Geoff Ribar: So Geoff, I can rephrase the question a little bit but I’ll get to all different parts. Our software mix as a percentage of total was better than it had been, partially that was because hardware was down, but the material part was because software is up. Services was up slightly but the biggest part was actually on the software side of the business for some of the wins and some of the reasons that Lip-Bu gave earlier. So hopefully that got your question.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: For hardware to be up year-over-year, for the year, would it be fair to say that you would probably need to have a record fourth quarter? The influence is that you’re in the hold in the first half of the year, down in Q1, down in Q2, it looks like your revenues for the first half in the hardware maybe the lowest in about four, five years. So again to be up, would it be fair to say that you would just need to have an usually strong or record Q4?
Geoff Ribar: So couple of things: First, we had a good Q1 in hardware, Q2 was down from Q1 but we had a good Q1 in hardware one of the best quarters we had in the previous four quarters before that; hardware will clearly be up in the second half of the year as I think we’ve consistently said and will be up for the year as a whole. I think you can probably do the math from where that is.
Lip-Bu: I think clearly from customer interface, customer interest in emulations remains high. And then secondly, I think clearly we indicate that Palladium XP, we won six new logos and also the newest application Dynamic Power Analysis turned out to be very good and very vital for some of the key customers in some of software related power issues for mobile applications. So overall, I think the demand is strong. And so far, I think we couldn’t not be happier for 2015.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: So, I may finish with just couple of product questions. When you think about your principal segments, starting with custom, that’s had a pretty good run here for about three years, PCB as a category for the whole industry meaning for you and for Mentor has been good for the last two to three years. So the question there is, do you think that the kind of multiyear momentum you’ve seen and throughout your largest categories can continue? On the other hand, when we look at implementation or pricing around that’s been pretty much sideways to the industry for the last year or more, do you think that both you and Synopsys can grow in implementation that this isn’t necessarily as zero sum gain in implementation; they can grow with their neutral, you can grow with yours as customers reinvest or grow their spending for your respective tools and implementation?
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me address one by one. First of all you mentioned about the custom analog and SPB side. And IoT and consumer electronics actually driving tremendous growth demands for our tools like Virtuoso. We have this electrical aware design that turned out to be very helpful for them. And then the other part is, if you recall, we acquired Sigrity that integrated together with our Allegro that provide a whole system analysis from power, signal and a whole PCB side. And a couple of thing I just want to highlight, Asian major car manufacturers adopted Sigrity for their system level analysis. And in fact customer actually pushing for the 10-nanometer and with more and more customer using Virtuoso on the most advanced 10-nanometer design stub. And so I think the 10-nanometer is ramping faster and broader than a lot of people expected. Advanced packaging technology for IoT and mobile is also another drive for our growth. And so I think overall I think mixed-signal, analog and then the whole IoT is helping us a lot. We’re collaborating very deeply with major advanced foundries for the most advanced nodes to support our customer. And then with that that I think there’s a lot of system on the chip design SOC are analog mixed-signal with our strength with our digital and in fact digital we’re seeing 8% [ph] revenue growth year-over-year. That is a very significant and so we are very delighted. And then with the new suite of digital flow with our most advanced and our custom analog and that will drive a lot SOC, mixed-signal in the IoT and consumer product and also in the automotive side and I highlighted couple of them. And then also the other part is that whole system and service providers they are looking and we are very uniquely positioned not only our tool and IP, plus our packaging that can do the system analysis become a tremendous value for them. So I think to answer your question, we continue to be cautiously optimistic in terms of the growth potential that we see.
Geoff Ribar: And not just for us but for the industry as a whole, we don’t view this industry as a zero-sum game. We’re certainly very happy with our progress but the whole industry we think is a good industry to be in.
Operator: The next question comes from Gus Richard from Northland.
Gus Richard: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Just a quick follow-on. When you think about your core EDA business and thinking about the consolidation, what do you think the growth of that business would be over the next three to five years, the overall market?
Lip-Bu Tan: I think clearly the core EDA and then consolidation is happening right now. It’s very hard to predict what will the growth look like. I think you can look at the EDAC survey and then you can get the projection from that but all in all, I’m trying to hear from the customer. When you move down to geometry and in all this vertical application like cloud, data center and also some of the consumer like IoT and machine to machine, power going to be critical, massive parallelism will be critical, and so I think you know the complexity of the chip design will be very important to have the EDA and foundry and IP all collaborate closely together to have a customer success. So, we have been working really hard to be the trusted partner for our customer and partner. And I think slowly over time, people will see that we are very collaborative and we are pushing the envelope helping to solve their most challenging design and the complexity, the scalability, the low power and time to market with all the offering we have. So, I think going forward that partnership closely with the customer will be the key to success. So I think that’s something that we really believe in it and we really work hard with our customers.
Gus Richard: And then secondly, when I look at some of the folks working on 10 nanometers have announced that they’re going to delay implementation; 7 and 5 look even more challenging; there’s been sort of a slowdown in the Cadence as Moore’s law. Can you talk a little bit about how that might affect your business in terms of EDA tools or will people pivot to other processes like FD-SOI that’ll give you a new opportunity. Again, how do you think that will affect the growth of the overall business?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, very good question, very insightful questions. So I think couple of things. One, clearly, we work closely with our customer and also our foundry partners and we want to make sure that tools are optimized for various process that the customer demand them. And so clearly 10-nanometer, there some are slowing down, some are not slowing down. So, it really depends on some of the key applications they are driving. So clearly on some of the mobile and some of the graphic and computer vision related area, advanced node is critical. So, we work very close with our customer and foundry and 10 and 7-nanometer. When you move down to 5-nanometer, clearly double, triple patterning may not be enough. Then you’re starting to really look at the EUV for 5-nanometer from my humble experience in a critical to have EUV. And I’m very pleased to see the ASML, the EUV are making progress. They can go upto 80 watts now and they go upto 500 wafer per day; that is extremely encouraging. Then you’re starting to look at TSMC NTR progress on the EUV side and also some the photo-resist related development. So we keep a very close eye on this whole group maps and the process technology and we also work closely with equipment, semiconductor equipment company to make sure ready. And in terms of FD-SOI and various version of the process, we work closely with our foundry partners and it’s going to be driven by customers. So, we work closely with the customer understanding which process node, which foundry they are using; our tool will be optimized, ready for them; that is our job.
Operator: The next question comes from Monika Garg from Pacific Crest Securities.
Monika Garg: Geoff, could you remind us how much of your cash is generated in U.S. and how much offshore? And I think you gave us a number, how much of the cash currently is in U.S.?
Geoff Ribar: So in cash, the current cash balance is about 45% are in U.S. And our cash split is about equal to our revenue split, approximately 50% of it is generated in U.S. over time.
Monika Garg: Then is there any recalling -- if I look at service revenue, in first half 2015 is up almost 25%, 30% year-over-year from first half last year. Is any -- there is any reclassification of revenue in that?
Geoff Ribar: No Monika, there is no reclassification in revenue and our services. We’ve had some nice services business, part of the services of course is IP also but it’s been a very nice business for us so far this year.
Monika Garg: Then you’ve talked about the new customer wins in the digital side but you have not changed your bookings guidance. So, were you already expecting these customers or they could be any upside on the bookings numbers here?
Geoff Ribar: So as always, when we guide, we put everything we know into our guidance. We certainly had some indication along the way that we were going to be successful with these customers, I think we mentioned it on the prior calls that we are looking positive at more than just the customers we had previously announced. Those businesses largely came to fruition as we anticipated. So that’s why the bookings isn’t really changing.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: So just want to start, in terms of the quarter, you mentioned the timing of the shut down but just wondering if there was any other variable expense savings in the quarter that also contributed to the upside margins?
Geoff Ribar: Yes, the shutdown was one, there were two other issues, certainly the mix of hardware and software favored software in the quarter. As we mentioned, hardware was down. So that certainly helped us. And we did benefit from the timing of certain expenses and we don’t anticipate that benefit carrying forward into Q3 and Q4.
Sterling Auty: And then you also mentioned in terms of the hardware that you are already in testing on the new platform. I didn’t quite catch what’s the feedback on the testing done and what are the next steps before general availability?
Lip-Bu Tan: As I mentioned, preproduction testing of our next generation emulator continues. And we remain on track to start shipping later this year. And we will provide you more details on the new product formerly launched.
Sterling Auty: And then in terms of the duration, the 2.4 years, any sense there, what -- the mix driving that is there a lot of additional one-year stuff that you are seeing or what’s kind of leading to coming down to the 2.4?
Geoff Ribar: So, we kept the year unchanged at 2.4 to 2.6. We are going to have fluctuations from quarter-to-quarter and those are just kind of the natural fluctuations in business. I don’t think there’s any particular trend there that’s material.
Operator: Our final question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets. 
Mahesh Sanganeria: Geoff or Lip-Bu, so it looks like you had a pretty detailed review on the capital structure and some of that -- that looks like dividend is not the table for now, so at least it’s not going to be there for a year or two. Can you talk a little about what was discussion around dividend and your discussion on capital structure?
Geoff Ribar: Our processes are going through the capital allocation review with our board and the management team; it’s a regular event for us. We look at all the alternatives in front of us but our focus remains on what is our capitalization; what are projected free cash flows; the ongoing investment requirements; necessity to retain adequate liquidity; future acquisition opportunities; and advice from both shareholders and advisors. So, we took that all into account and came up with our conclusion. We obviously can’t talk at a level underneath that but I am sure you understand.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Right. And also I wanted to follow up on the OpEx commentary you’ve had. So, the upside you are guiding putting much for the full year EPS is -- looks like the upside in Q2 but shutdown should not impact that. And within your guidance if we model, we have a run rate exiting 2015. So, I’m wondering what message you’re conveying on 2016 that the increase is likely to be of the similar level as 2015 or what’s thought behind that OpEx commentary?
Geoff Ribar: So, the commentary about our ramp in expenses through 2015 is I think a reflection of the success we’ve had in many different parts of our business. And as we support those customers, we’re continuing to add engineering headcount and technical sales headcount. All we want to be clear is that when we leave 2015, we are going to be at a higher expense rate than we were during the beginning of the year. We’re quite happy with the results we’ve had in Q1 and Q2.
Mahesh Sanganeria: So just to follow up. So 2016 will be a nominal increase whatever you normalize it, is there -- will your additional support personnel and everything will be in place by end of 2015 or continues little bit in 2015?
Geoff Ribar: We’re really not guiding 2016 at this point. All we want to do is make clear that our expense run rate is going to be higher than it is at present. Again, we’re investing to support the wins that we’ve had; it’s very important for us to sustain and proliferate within these customers. So, we’re making R&D investment and the technical sales investment to ensure we do that. We just want you to be aware that our run rate is going to higher on expenses than when we leave -- than when we started the year.
Operator: I will now turn the call over to Cadence President and CEO, Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, I am proud of what we are accomplishing together at Cadence and I want to thank all our hardworking employees, shareholders, customers, and partners for their continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence Design Systems second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Senior Group Director, IR Lip-Bu Tan - President and CEO Geoff Ribar - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rich Valera - Needham & Company Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Gus Richard - Northland Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan Suji Desilva - Topeka
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mike and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems’ First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Mike and welcome everyone to our first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com, and will be archived through June 19, 2015. A copy of today’s prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. With me today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the Company’s future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to the financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. A copy of today’s press release dated April 27th, 2015 for the quarter ended April 4th, 2015 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Our 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4th, 2015 was also filed this afternoon. Now, I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our first quarter was another excellent quarter for Cadence with more exciting innovation and strong execution. We achieved strong financial results, expanded our relationship with key customers and ecosystem partners. We launched Innovus, our next generation digital implementation system with enthusiastic customer endorsements and were recognized in Fortune magazine 2015 list of 100 Best Companies to Work For. Before I turn to our Q1 results and highlights, let me give a little context by updating you on the progress we are making with our system design enablement strategy. EDA traditionally has focused on automating a development of chips and boards, but to successfully design today more complex end products, a different focus is required. We need to go beyond traditional EDA and provide customers with tools, IP, system integration and software content that enable end product development. Core EDA is still the foundation of our system design enablement strategy and we are now offer the best digital/analog mix signal and advanced modification tools to our customers. Our emerging IP business is growing at a strong pace as we provide high quality differentiated IP to a broad set of customers. We also continue to expand beyond SoC to provide innovative solutions for system interconnect and analysis, hardware/software co-design and verification and system-level IP. To expand our leadership in system design enablement, we are focused on building our relationship with the leading system and semiconductor customers and ecosystem partners, expanding leadership at advanced nodes, developing or acquiring flagship products in key areas to drive additional growth, hiring and nurturing top talent, and maintaining a laser-focused on customer success. With a progress we are making on our strategy and our confidence in the future, I am pleased to announce that we are increasing our ongoing stock purchase program from an annual rate of $150 million to annual rate of $225 million, starting with Q2. This is a total of $450 million over the next two years. This is part of our ongoing focus to drive shareholder returns and make optimal use of our balance sheet. Now, let us review the financial and product highlights for Q1. We delivered another strong quarter even while some customers were facing softer demand. For Q1, revenue was $411 million, non-GAAP operating margin was 23%, non-GAAP EPS was $0.23, and operating cash flow was $47 million. In early March, we launched Innovus, this is our new internally developed product for digital implementation. Innovus delivered 10% to 20% improvement in performance, power and area, used massively parallel computing to provide up to ten times reduction in turnaround time. Innovus joined Tempus, Voltus and Quantus QRC to provide our customers with next generation suite of digital implementation and signoff tools for advanced design. We expect these products to drive strong growth in digital, which is the largest segment in EDA. Several customers have already shared their positive experience using Innovus including ARM, Freescale, Juniper, MaxLinear, Renesas and Spectrum, in fact, ARM used Innovus during the development of the new Cortex-A72 processor achieving 2.6 gigahertz performance. Customer adoption of our silicon sign-off tools remain strong. Tempus, Voltus and Quantus QRC each added more than ten new customers. A leading semiconductor company made a large purchase of Tempus. Voltus and Voltus-Fi are now being used by more than ten of the top 20 semiconductor companies. Strong ecosystem support is essential to our success and we received TSMC 10-nanometer certification for our digital signoff and customer analog tools. IP is key to our system design enablement strategy. IP continued to show strong momentum in Q1. Revenue was up 23% year-over-year. Cadence entered into an agreement with Freescale to provide large portion of its broad IP portfolio across multiple Freescale product lines including automotive, microcontroller and net processors -- network processors. In addition, we entered into a license agreement with Avago for IP relating to TSMC 16-nanometer FinFET Plus process, with Cadence support Avago with a variety of IPs as they continue their strong momentum in rending designs among their top tier OEM customer base. Building upon last year's successful EDA agreements, we signed a strategic IP interoperability agreement with ARM. This provides both companies with access to broad portfolio of each other IP in order to improve interoperability, optimize performance and speed time to market for mutual customers. Our Tensilica products attracted tremendous interest at Mobile World Congress, where we exhibited new solutions for audio, automotive, wearables and IoT. And just last week, we introduced our new Tensilica Fusion DSP, which is a scalable DSP that is ideal for IoT, wearables and wireless connectivity applications, which require specialized computations, ultra-low energy and small footprints. On hardware, we had our strongest revenue quarter over the past year. Top customers expanded their Palladium capacity due to both increasing design complexity and deployment of new used models and we also added several new customers. Our team continues to execute on the next generation hardware platform and earlier adopter customer testing as part of our validation plan is tracking well.  So in summary, we are very pleased with our progress as we execute our system design enablement strategy. Our innovative solutions and strong ecosystem partnerships are helping us to first win and then proliferate our products with market-shaping customers.  Innovus is the latest addition to our next generation suite of digital and signoff tools and is already in use by our top customers. Successful execution of our sound strategy is driving superior results and we are pleased to be in the position where we can return more capital to our shareholders, while also making critical investments in R&D and high quality customer support to drive continued growth. I will now turn the call to Geoff to review financial results and provide our outlook.
Geoff Ribar: Thanks, Lip-Bu and good afternoon everyone. I will provide some detail on the first quarter and give our outlook for Q2 and update our guidance for 2015.  Q1 was characterized by strong execution. We have put up some good numbers for the quarter in a challenging environment. On the new product front, we have received positive feedback from our customers on Innovus.  Total revenue was $411 million, up 9% compared to $379 million for Q1 2014. Revenue mix for the geographies was 47% for the Americas; 24% for Asia; 19% for EMEA; and 10% for Japan. The revenue mix by product group was 23% for functional verification, 28% for digital IC design and signoff, 27% for custom IC design, 11% for IP, and 11% for system interconnect and analysis.  Weighted average contract life was approximately 2.5 years. Total costs and expenses on a non-GAAP basis were $315 million compared to $304 million for Q4, and $295 million for the year-ago quarter. Q1 headcount was 6,260, up 154 from Q4 due to hiring in R&D and technical field positions.  Non-GAAP operating margin was 23% compared to 28% for Q4, and 22% for the year-ago quarter. As expected, the Q1 operating margin was down from Q4 due to the seasonal impact of payroll taxes and vacation expense.  GAAP net income per share was $0.12. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.23 compared to $0.27 for Q4 and $0.20 for Q1 2014. Operating cash flow was $47 million compared to $132 million for Q4 and $28 million for the year-ago quarter.  Total DSOs were 30 days compared to 27 days for both Q4 and year-ago quarter. Capital expenditures were $8 million. Cash and short-term investments were $980 million at the quarter-end compared to $1.023 billion at the end of year. In the quarter, we repurchased more than 2 million shares of common stock for approximately $37 million. Approximately 48% of our cash and short-term investments were in US at quarter-end. We paid $54 million in cash in Q1 for convertible notes that were converted early. We will pay-out the remaining principal of $296 million by June 1. As a remainder, the associated hedge settles [ph] in April and May and outstanding warrants will settle from September through December. Now, let’s turn to the outlook for the second quarter. For Q2, we expect revenue would be in the range of $410 million to $420 million. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 25%. GAAP EPS for the second quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.14 to $0.16. Non-GAAP EPS for the second quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.23 to $0.25. And now, for our fiscal 2015 outlook. Our bookings, revenue and operating margin guidance for the year are unchanged from last quarter. Bookings are projected to be in the range of $1.87 billion to $1.93 billion. We expect weighted average contract life in the range of 2.4 to 2.6 years. And we expect at least 90% of revenue for the year to be recurring in nature.  Revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.68 billion to $1.72 billion. This translates to a 6% to 9% growth in revenue over 2014. Without the 53rd week in the 2014 baseline, growth would be 7% to 10%. We continue to expect hardware revenue to increase in 2015. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 25% on an annual basis. Non-GAAP other income and expense is now expected to be in the range of negative $20 million to negative $14 million compared to the prior range of negative $24 million to $17 million. The non-GAAP income tax rate is 23%. We're assuming weighted average diluted shares outstanding of 308 million to 316 million for the year, which is up from our assumption of 306 million to 314 million due to the impact of higher share price on assumed dilution from the warrants that expire later this year. GAAP EPS is now expected to be in the range of $0.60 to $0.70, a $0.10 increase at the midpoint from the prior guidance primarily due to lower estimated GAAP taxes. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected to be in the range of $0.96 to $1.06, which is 1% increase at the midpoint. We expect operating cash flow to be approximately $350 million. Our DSO forecast is approximately 30 days and we expect capital expenditure of approximately $40 million. As Lip-Bu said, thanks to increasing success of our strategy, we are replacing our share repurchase program with a new program with an annual rate of $225 million. This is up from the prior rate $150 million per year. Beginning this quarter, we expect to repurchase $450 million of our common stock over the next eight quarters at our quarterly rate of approximately $56 million. In closing, while there is some uncertainty in the environment, I hope you can tell we're excited about the strength of our execution and opportunities and we are confident in our future. So, with that, operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Yes, thank you, and congratulations on increasing the buyback. Just want to follow up on that, will the buyback rate will be uniformly spread over several quarters or you are going to, I mean monitor and moderate that depending on the situation or the stock price?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, Mahesh, this is Geoff. We expect to repurchase approximately 56.25 million per quarter starting this quarter through Q1 of 2017, so on a regular consistent rate as we have in the past.
Mahesh Sanganeria: And since we are talking about capital trend, Geoff, any updated thoughts on anything you're considering on the dividend side?
Geoff Ribar: Mahesh, as always, we regularly review our capital structure. We take into account both levels of debt, our business, our capital needs to grow and return on cash to shareholders, including how we return that cash to shareholders, we will continue to evaluate it. Obviously right now we're talking about the share repurchase at this time.
Operator: Your next question is from Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar : Yeah, hi, thanks for taking my question. I have two of them. One is, Geoff or Lip-Bu, in the last quarter, you spoke about some increased investments to potential gain share in the digital side. I'm just trying to figure out, what kind of timeframe would we have to look into to get any quantifiable or tangible results on that share given the digital side? And I also had a follow-up.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, so I think, Krish, let me start first, this is Lip-Bu. So I think on the digital side, we continue to get very strong momentum with our new suite of digital implementation. And I mentioned, we clearly have advantage in term of performance power area and also the reduction of time and that is very significant. So clearly this is a lot momentum. I mentioned last year we have marquee global accounts, we have large consumer electronics and we have a large semiconductor company. And in this quarter, we mentioned about a leading semiconductor purchase, Tempus. And so I think all in all we have a lot of momentum, but I just wanted to highlight clearly our revenue is recurring ratable model, so booking usually tend to revenue over time and also I think, first of all, you win, then later on you proliferate across all the different product development groups, so there is a time delay, but clearly we see the momentum, we are excited about the new offering we have and we are very focused on customer success.
Krish Sankar: Got it. That's very helpful. And then as a follow-up, you guys mentioned that you still expect by, towards the end of this year, the newer Malaysian product release. Kind of curious, you did say that you expect hardware revenue to increase through the year, are customers waiting to get the new solution or are they ordering as they see, or is this increase in revenue more a function of the beta size with new emulation products, those customers ordering?
Lip-Bu Tan: So, let me start answering the question. So first of all as I mentioned earlier, we have a strongest revenue quarter over the past year, so top customer expanding their capacity and also they find new used model, and we add a couple of new customers and so I think overall and in the in-circuit emulation, we are clearly the leader and meanwhile, we have find newer applications use models like simulation acceleration, hybrid verification, system level dynamic power analysis, so I think to grow over the 2014 is what we have and we’re just starting what we have right now and then meanwhile on the new platform, as I mentioned in my remark, we execute well and we are in the validation plan and an early adopter customer testing is tracking well and we continue to say the last quarter that shipping is the later part of the year. So, so far, we are pleased with the progress we made.
Operator: Your next question is from Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Lip-Bu, I was hoping you could just give a little more color on the macro environment, you referenced that it sounds like there were some challenges out there, but just wanted to, if you could give some color on how that's affecting EDA purchasing behaviour and how you guys are navigating through this kind of choppy environment?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, Rich. This is a good question. So a couple of pointers. One, clearly, we all know that the macro level concern slowed down growth in China and then the Greece, we see a situation and then the foreign exchange volatility, political unrest, those are concerned, we always have to look at that and then meanwhile, I think, clearly, there are some areas of strength and some area of challenges. So like for example in the video, wearable, IOT, cloud, infrastructure, automotive, those are really exciting and a lot of increasing design at the advanced nodes and IP area, but clearly in the PC side, there are some challenges. I think all in all, it's kind of a mix environment. You heard some of the earnings call from our customer and so clearly is mix and depend on what are the sector focused product leadership they have, so those are the challenges. But meanwhile seeing that, we clearly see a lot of system company engagement and then system service related company are doing really well and we see very strong design activity among the system company and also the leading semiconductor company and so this is exciting. There is a lot of new products, end products, amazing products coming up and we are delighted to be their trusted partner, to work with them and with our ecosystem partner, by foundry, IP vendor to help them be successful to tape-out that chip and so that they can win in the marketplace. That is our job and we are very delighted to be part of that.
Geoff Ribar: And we think we had a really nice quarter, right, nice revenue growth, operating profit growth, cash growth, year-over-year too. So we think we’re operating well in a not perfect environment.
Rich Valera: That's great colour. Thank you. And just wanted to follow up on the emulation question, I didn't want to sort of put words in your mouth, but would you say now that you have beta units in the field and you are kind of in the beta part of the process for the new emulation box?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think first of all as I mentioned, execute well, I have the weekly update on the team and I'm happy with the progress they make and I mentioned earlier adopter in customer testing is tracking well and we remain the same position that shipping in the later part of the year. We will tell you more in detail when we’re ready to announce.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ruben Roy from Piper Jaffray.
Ruben Roy: Thank you. Lip-Bu, I want to follow-up on Rich’s question on just a macro and whether or not you’ve seen any significant or material shift in at the leading edge, so, FinFET design 16-nanometer and below and trying to what your assessment is on where some of the leading-edge folks are when it comes to 10-nanometer? Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. Those are good questions. And so, I think clearly, we’re working with our customers and our IP partners and also with the foundry partners very deeply and clearly, the FinFET is progressing very rapidly and not just at 20-nanometer, now the 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer are in the productions and we’re excited about working very closely with our partners on the 10-nanometer and in the other area, we’ve already started in the 7-nanometer and 8-nanometer. So, there is a lot of challenges in term of optimize our tool -- earlier optimizing our tool and engaging with our foundry partners to make sure that it’s ready and optimize to our customer to yield. So, we work very closely with our leading customers, very closely with our IP partners, and work very closely with our foundry partners. And so, a lot of challenge in the double patterning, triple patterning and we keep an eye very closely with the Lithography dynamics, like EUV and others. And so, we want to make sure that our tool be ready when the customer ready to deploy and design and then we will be there to support them. So, I think, all in all, I am saying that we want to be the leader in the FinFET and advanced node. This is something that we determine to try that.
Ruben Roy: Thank you for that, Lip-Bu. And then a quick follow-up on Innovus. I think that your market share and implementation in physically place-and-route [indiscernible] has lagged your larger competitor and it’s good to hear that some of the customers are excited about the new products. Can you talk about your placement on the market share and sort of how you expect Innovus to roll out into the customer base? When are we going to start to see this in terms of potential market share shifts on the digital side? That’s it, thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you for bring up the subject and I think clearly, Innovus, we are extremely excited about this new offering. In earlier March, we launched the products with a very exciting enthusiastic customer support and clearly is internally developed products and something that we are very proud of the culture of the innovation we put in place at Cadence and the product clearly have a good advantage in term of 10% to 20% improvement in the perform and power area that is very important to the customer and then the other part is up to ten times reduction in turnaround time and as you know, time to market is critical to the success for our customer. This is very important and also the partition in term of the 5 million to 10 million instances and that is very significant to our customer. So, tying with our 10% Voltus and Quantus that is a new suite of digital implementation using massive parallelism and I think we’re very excited and clearly, customer recognized that. We are heavily engaging with our customer. Six of our customer already announced. I mentioned earlier, ARM, Freescale, Juniper, MaxLinear, Renesas and Spectrum and many more are coming and working with us. So, clearly, they see a value and it’s a best-of-class and we’re delighted to be able to provide a solution to our leading customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks, good afternoon. Lip-Bu, I’d like to follow-up on the comments you just made around implementation. Are you at the point now where you are able to take a multi-product orders where customers will buy any or all of Innovus, Tempus, Voltus, Quantus, the products with other Latin names altogether, are you at that point now, where rather than doing single-point products such as when you alluded to for Q1, you’re starting to see multi-product orders for your various new tools?
Lip-Bu Tan: To answer to your question, yes, and this tools are all in production ready and in fact many customers are using our tool for the tape-out of their most advanced process node, and now we’re starting [ph] next generation suite of digital implementations and we are delighted and able to provide them in the most advanced nodes for them to tape-out. And so we are ready, we are very excited and much as a place in realm and the timing and products sign-off, and I am working very close with our leading foundry partners and so that will be available to them and so it is something that they are excited, they are something new and better performance. And this is a biggest turn market for EDA and that’s why we are very excited for the future growth.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: As a follow-up, I would like to ask about the difference that you have observed in buying behavior between systems customers and semiconductor customers with a more traditional part of the customer base. Specifically, is it more common for systems customers to do inter-contract expansion business that even well before the contract expires, they will come back and add tools and capacity?  For instance, would that large customer you alluded to back in the third quarter have already come back for more or is this a common thing for systems customers to do than traditional IC customers?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, I think there are a couple of challenging opportunity for us, so clearly the system companies is very important for our System Design Enablement strategy and because they decided to vertically integrate it and optimize and all the way from the silicon level, to the Board level, to the software content. And we are uniquely positioned to provide all three, so not just the tool, not just the IPs and also the PC board, the system analysis, and they’re developing the chip, they look at the entire board, entire system in term of the power, signal integrity, thermal analysis and that is critical for their success.  And then their objective is time to market with best product development. And so to them, the critical point for them is time to market and also quality. And so those I think, they’re treating very well with our value driven approach to preserve the value and increase value and provide the solution rather than just a point tool. So this is something that’s very important. We continue to be very disciplined in term of whether it’s a system company or semiconductor company, we drive the value and we drive quality. And then we look deeply at partnership collaborating for their success, and it’s something that is very important for them and also for us.  So I think in terms of differentiating pretty much the same and we just had to be very disciplined. But the system guy, they are also not just looking at the semiconductor, they look at the entire board, entire system, the software stack and that’s why we need to provide that solution that System Design Enablement solution all the way to the interconnect and then the content and the integration that they need and that’s why we are in unique position to provide that solution to them.
Geoff Ribar: And one of the things, Jay that we have been concentrating on with our customers is, we want to allow as many opportunities for add-ons as possible. Again, it varies from customer to consumer, but that’s certainly been a focus for us to allow for deals to be structured in between the other deals and increase revenue over a period of time. So we generally try to aim that way. Again, it varies from customer to customer. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Gus Richard with Northland.
Gus Richard: Thanks for taking my question. I was hoping you can give a little more color on the IP dealership you have with Freescale and Avago, is that IP specific to them or is this new developing product IP for all your customers?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, Gus, this is a good question. We are very delighted and our IP becomes a very important business and also key to our whole System Design Enablement strategy. And as I mentioned, it’s a great quarter for us, 23% year-to-year increase in the revenue, more specifically on the Freescale. This is a very important milestone for us. We provide a large portion of the broad IP portfolio across multiple Freescale product lines from automotive, they are very strong in that, microcontroller, network processor, so across product line.  And then the other part is, in a way exciting, which able to provide the license -- IP license agreement for Avago as you know is a very successful company, we're providing the most advanced TSMC 16-nanometer FinFET Plus and then for a variety of IP they need so that they can broaden their wins with their OEM customers. So those two, we're very, very pleased with that. And as of cost, I just add-on, we also have that IP interoperability with ARM, deeper our relationship even further so that we can really access through each other's IP and the most important, it provides that efficiency, the interoperability, the performance, the speed for the best for our mutual customer to be successful.
Gus Richard: And just to be clear, is the IP you’re developing for Freescale just for Freescale or you’re going to offer that IP, this portfolio to all of your customers that are doing similar products?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, this is more in our industry standard, IP and clearly we provide that industry standard IP for all the different customers at the most advanced-node and so that is our goal and our vision and clearly more and more customers are outsourcing their IPs to provide this silicon proven high-quality, differentiating IP, we're delighted, we have more than 1,000 people on our team to working on the IP and we have a very broad IP portfolios that we can serve our customer well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Monika Garg from Pacific Crest Securities.
Monika Garg:
-:
-:
Geoff Ribar: So the biggest reason why our revenue is down from Q4 to Q1 is we had an extra week remember in Q4 that's the biggest reason why our revenue is down. And without that, we believe revenue would have actually been up.
Monika Garg: Got it. Okay, thanks. Then, you talked about like ten new customers in you know Tempus, Voltus, like all of these new digital products but your bookings guidance has remained unchanged. So is it you were expecting these customer wins or is that bookings guidance would be just conservative?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, whenever we do bookings, we take into account the things that we know at the beginning of the year, of course, we were in you know we were well aware that most of the things are going to happen, so yes, we knew it back then too.
Lip-Bu Tan: And also just to add on, usually we win first and then proliferate. So, I think because of ratable model and so over time, you’re going to see the growth.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Sterling Auty with J.P. Morgan.
Sterling Auty: Thanks for squeezing me in, couple of questions. One, can you give us a sense of what you think the anticipated impact of a lot the mergers and consolidations will be on your business, granted not a lot are talking about cost cuttings, but I would think, putting some of these companies together, being much larger they're going to watch [ph] a bigger volume discount the next time they come around.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sterling, good questions. And so, first of all, I think this consolidation M&A will continue, actually it will be even accelerating because of this growth and also the scale to the advanced-nodes. And so this is kind of unavoidable, but I think clearly after the consolidation, they'd really drive more efficiency and more reducing the combining G&A. But clearly the number of engineer, the design actually increased and so we're delighted to work with them and clearly we continue to drive very disciplined and value driven in terms of working with them. And also I think, when they down to the geometry, to the 16, 14, and 10, they did collaboration even more actually they need us even more and so the partnership, the requirement even deeper and that's why we've been consistently mentioned about being a trusted partner, so they can count on us to really drive the true performance and that's why we have created this innovating culture, so that we can continue to drive innovation, continue to driven efficiency for them. And in saying that, because of some disconsolidation, actually it's really exciting for me is that more start-up company coming up with great team and great innovations. And so that’s how we also support some of the really top-notch engineer coming out and do really disruptive innovation and we are also part of that to provide them the tool and solution to drive new creation and new innovation. And then, as also mentioned earlier, new breed of system and service company are coming up to drive the whole vertical integrations. And we are so well positioned to provide them the solution from tool, IP, PCB and system analysis to drive access for them. So I think all in all I think the environment is net positive for us. 
Geoff Ribar: And again, Sterling, remember, we have well-diversified customer base with no customers approaching even close to 10% and our top-40 is maybe 50% or 60% of our customers, so well-diversified.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then on the digital implementation and Signoff growth little [Technical Difficulty] this quarter. Do you think that was due to the anticipation of the Novus release and should we see acceleration in the coming quarters?
Lip-Bu Tan: Sterling, we can't hear you. Can you repeat your questions?
Sterling Auty: I wondered if the Novus release drove any orders on the digital side in anticipation of the release. 
Geoff Ribar: No, I think, again, you need to remember, Q4 was a 14-week quarter, so that had some impact. We are very happy with momentum in digital and Signoff. It does take time for bookings to become revenue, but we don't believe the Novus held back any of our prior business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Yeah, thanks. Just a couple of follow-up questions. Geoff, in the 10-Q which came out this evening for the first quarter, it mentions that your hardware cost of revenues were down $4.5 million year-over-year. If all historical cost calculations are correct for emulation for last year, including Q4, then it seems to suggest that your hardware cost to revenues might have been up sequentially from Q4. And so if we assume a more or less constant margin, should we infer that in fact your emulation revenues were up sequentially from Q4? And if that was the case, was that mostly a function of shipping out of backlog as you did Q1 a year ago or did you in fact do a decent amount of organic new business in Q1?
Geoff Ribar: So I think, as Lip-Bu said during his prepared remarks, we actually had the best quarter in Q1 in hardware that we had over the last four quarters. So we did quite well. Revenue was clearly up as a result from Q4 to Q1. The rest of the detail assumptions are your model and your question, but yeah, we had a very nice quarter. Came out of backlog, came out of a good business, came out of our current generation of products, so we are quite happy.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Okay, thanks. Another one for either of you. Again, back to the focus on systems customers, particularly given the investments you are making to support them, are you using as an internal metric to keep an eye on that business, the notion of accounts profitability? Synopsis, for example, brought this up a number of years ago as a metric for themselves, particularly for larger account. Is this something that you in fact manage to particularly for the larger accounts?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, of course we look at account profitability and we pay attention to that. Our goal is of course to provide value to all of our customers and make sure that that's working. We are also quite comfortable that investments that we are making here are going to pay off and are value-enhancing to shareholders and so we are quite happy.
Operator: Your next question is from Suji Desilva from Topeka.
Suji Desilva: Hi, guys. Can you talk about on the emulation side, you had a good quarter here, how the backlog is forming there versus prior few quarters?
Geoff Ribar: Yes, Suji, we don't guide individual segments of our business on a going forward basis. We have said, for the year, that hardware – we expect hardware to be up from last year and we will stick with that.
Suji Desilva: Great. Thanks, Geoff. And then what kind of -- you talked about the increasing complexity going from 2016, ‘14 over ’10, do you think there is less likelihood that the competitors can – that people can switch out to competitors versus prior generations? Is that a phenomenon that would be happening with the increased complexities you are seeing in the greater interaction with your customers? Is that a fair conclusion?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, I think that clearly every process node is an opportunity for us from the tool and IP point of view, and SINA came on board six years ago, we have been very determined to drive leadership in the advanced nodes and so clearly, the 14, 16, 10, 7, 8 is very much in our roadmap and we're heavily engaging with our IP partners and foundry partners and so this is something that we have to work closely with them and also with our customers and again that deep collaboration and partnership with our customer and IP vendor and also the foundry partner are critical for success and that part, we feel, are very solid foundation to build on top of that and then they view us as a trusted partner going forward and that's something when you move on the geometry, that clearly they want to have a partner that can come on to continue to drive innovation, so that they can lean on us to drive the success on the development.
Operator: Our final question will be from Monika Garg of Pacific Crest Securities.
Monika Garg: Hi. Thanks for letting me ask the follow up here. Geoff, I just wanted to understand the foreign exchange movement’s impact on your business, if I understand correctly the revenue, only yen -- you have exposure to yen on the revenue basis, but could you walk through the impact on AVAX for the currency movements?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah. So there is, the yen is the only other currency that we sell any material amount of dollars in, so of course that impacts revenue. There is another indirect revenue impact that related to the fact that we do sell for a lot of multinational companies who have currency other than dollars as their functional currency. So of course, their prices are increasing as the dollar, euro exchange rate or the dollar-RMB exchange rate changes. So there is an indirect impact. On the cost side, most of our costs are employee related. As you would expect, our largest employee bases are in US, India, Europe and China. So we do get some benefit there based on the stronger dollar and of course if it has some cost, the dollar becomes materially weaker. Overall net was the slight positive for us.
Monika Garg: Just another one from me, if we look at Intel and PSM, they cut the CapEx this year and what we’re seeing is all the companies are talking about reduced benefit of moving to advanced geometries, the benefit of cost of transistor is not coming down as much as it used to in the previous years. So do you see any impact on EDA spend as we move to advanced geometries, do you see a negative impact to EDA spend, because of this?
Lip-Bu Tan: No, I don’t see that and clearly, when you move down the geometry, first time pass is critical because the mass cost is very high for the advanced node. Actually, the foundry and customer, they reach out to us even earlier and because they want to make sure that our two are optimized for them and certified for them. So I think all in all, actually a lot of proof on the customer, want to have a deeper partnership with us and we’re delighted to be partner with them and their success is our success. So that’s something that we’re really proud of about being a trusted partner for all of them and then to try to differentiating product.
Operator: I will now turn the call over to Cadence President and CEO, Lip-Bu Tan.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, I’m very proud that Fortune magazine has recognized Cadence and our hard working employees by including Cadence in their 2015 list of 100 best companies to work for. I would like to thank all our employees, shareholders, customers and partners for their support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence Design Systems first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Senior Group Director, Investor Relations Lip-Bu Tan - President and Chief Executive Officer Geoff Ribar - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merill Lynch Richard Valera - Needham & Company Shawn Lockman - Piper Jaffray Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Gus Richard - Northland Suji De Silva - Topeka Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Dustin and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems’ Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to our host, Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Dustin and welcome to our earnings conference call for the fourth quarter of the fiscal year 2014. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com, and will be archived through March 20, 2015. A copy of today’s prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. With us today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company’s future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to the financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. A copy of today’s press release dated February 4, 2015 for the quarter ended January 3, 2015 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. 2014 was an excellent year for Cadence and I am very pleased to have the opportunity to speak with you today about our company. I am thrilled and humbled by the support of our customers and partners who are placing their bets with us by adopting our innovative solutions to design and build products that change the world. We are absolutely committed to their success and will continue to invest in the R&D and support that is critical to meet their needs. Strategy, innovation, customer success and execution are driving strong results for shareholders and we have great momentum going into 2015. Guided by our System Design Enablement strategy, we are delivering the technologies necessary for integrated system and SoC design with the end-product in mind. Our growing core EDA business is at the heart of the strategy and we are very excited by the momentum in our emerging IP and system-level business. Not only did we expand our footprint with mobile and consumer customers, but significant mil-aero and automotive customers also adopted our solutions. Now, let us review the highlights for Q4 and 2014. Cadence delivered strong financial results. Revenue was $423 million for the fourth quarter and $1.581 billion for the year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 28% for the quarter and 25% for the year. And operating cash flow was $132 million for the fourth quarter and $317 million for 2014. Innovation is core to our strategy. Our talented development teams delivered 11 new products over the past 2 years, with more innovative products coming this year. As a result, we are winning over market-shaping customers. For digital and signoff, there has been a rapid adoption of 16-nanometer and 14-nanometer FinFET technology and several customers are already working on 10-nanometer designs. Our innovative digital solutions produce designs with better results for power, performance and area, along with faster run times. We had over 10 full flow digital wins in 2014. We also had segment share gains at several leading customers, including a global marquee company and most recently at a major fables semiconductor company. Customers across many market segments including mobile, wireless, automotive, and IoT design with our digital flow. Our silicon signoff tools, Tempus, Voltus and Quantus QRC gained strong momentum and collectively had more than 50 tape-outs in 2014. Last quarter, a leading U.S. based mixed-signal company deployed Tempus and taped-out its largest design ever. And a leading supplier of networking equipment switched to Voltus for power analysis and signoff because of its superior performance and capacity. Now let us turn to system design and verification. Increasing design complexity and tighter development schedules drive the need for more verification. Our leading System Development Suite had record bookings for the year, and was augmented by the Jasper and Forte acquisitions. A major European systems company consolidated on the System Development Suite for its verification needs, including emulation. It was a very strong year for our Incisive simulation, especially driven by demand from mobile customers. Growing hardware/software challenges drive the secular trend in emulation, as we added 28 new logos for the year. Last quarter, Mediatek doubled their installed Palladium capacity. In addition, our top hardware consumer – customer placed its largest order to-date. We are very excited about our next generation hardware platform, with its scalable enterprise architecture being at the core of a very compelling hardware roadmap. This platform will significantly expand our Palladium family. And we expect to begin shipping in the latter part of this year. We enter 2015 with strong momentum for our integrated end-to-end verification solutions. Our IP business had a great year, with nearly 40% year-over-year revenue growth. Our broad design IP product line is led by our DDR, Low Power DDR and PCIe products and adoption for our FinFET designs is strong. We have won several head to head engagements at the most advanced nodes, including a recent win at 10-nanometer with a marquee customer. And we signed our largest design IP contract to-date with one of our top customers. We have supplied multiple IP cores for multiple customer tape-outs, including our DDR4 which is being used by HiSilicon in the world’s first 16-nanometer FinFET tape-out. Tensilica had a great quarter with its largest number of new licenses ever in a quarter. Tensilica also surpassed the mark of 2 billion cores shipping per year in customer products. For Verification IP, we lead the market in supporting the newest protocols. We won significant business at top customers and had our best bookings year ever, with 60% growth. Moving on, we strengthened our leadership position in analog, custom and mixed signal design. Increasing usage by key customers and strong value proposition for our platform helped drive 9% revenue growth for 2014. Adoption of our mixed signal verification solution is increasing. Liberate, our characterization product, has strong momentum with increasing penetrations in the ecosystem. Virtuoso for advanced node is growing rapidly with over 40 customers now using it. And lastly, an integral part of our system design enablement strategy is our packaging and board business, which grew 10% in 2014. Sigrity had a record year as signal integrity analysis becomes even more critical at advanced nodes for high speed I/O and for miniaturized consumer packaging. We also had two notable highlights on financial side in 2014. We initiated a stock repurchase program in January. Based on the strength of our business, we increased the repurchase program in July. And in October, we became the first company in our industry to receive an investment grade rating. So, in summary, our innovative solutions and strong ecosystem partnerships are helping us to first win and then proliferate our products with market-shaping customers. Our digital and signoff tools are gaining traction with these market-shaping customers at the most advanced nodes. Our comprehensive verification suite is winning new business and enters 2015 with strong momentum. 2014 was a breakout year for IP and we are well positioned for more growth. We are going to invest in innovation to delight our customers, through further technology development and high-quality technical support. At Cadence, we are excited by our opportunity as an indispensable part of the vibrant ecosystem that brings so many amazing products to the world. I will now turn the call over to Geoff to review the financial results and provide our outlook.
Geoff Ribar: Thank you, Lip-Bu and good afternoon everyone. I will now review the results for the fourth quarter and the year and then present our outlook for Q1 and 2015. Cadence produced strong operating results for Q4 and the year. 2014 bookings totaled $1.778 billion, an increase of 12% over 2013. Book-to-bill was 1.12 and year end backlog was approximately $2.1 billion, up 12% from last year’s ending backlog. Total revenue for Q4 was $423 million compared to $400 million for Q3 and $377 million for the year ago quarter. Revenue for the year was $1.581 billion, an increase of 8% over the prior year. Please recall that Q4 had an extra week, because fiscal 2014 was a 53-week year for Cadence. The extra week contributed approximately $15 million of revenue to both Q4 and fiscal 2014. For Q4, products and maintenance revenue was $393 million and services revenue was $30 million. Revenue mix for the geographies in Q4 was 47% for the Americas; 22% for Asia; 21% for EMEA; and 10% for Japan. Q4 revenue mix by product group was 21% for functional verification, 28% for digital IC design and signoff, 28% for custom IC design, 12% for IP, and 11% for system interconnect and analysis. I would like to highlight the nearly 40% revenue growth for IP for the full year compared to 2013. Over 90% of the revenue for the year was recurring in nature. Weighted average contract life for Q4 was approximately 2.3 years and 2.4 years for fiscal 2014. Total costs and expenses for Q4 on a non-GAAP basis were $304 million compared to $291 million for Q3, and $282 million for the year ago quarter. Q4 headcount was 6,106, up 24 from Q3. Headcount increased by 372 for the year. The year-over-year increase was primarily attributable to hiring in R&D and technical customer support and acquisitions. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q4 was 28% compared to 27% for Q3, and 25% for the year ago quarter. For the year, non-GAAP operating margin was 25%, compared to 24% for 2013. Remember that Q4 operating margin is typically the strongest of the year. For Q4 we recorded GAAP net income per share of $0.21 compared to $0.13 per share for Q4 2013. For the year, GAAP net income per share was $0.52 compared to $0.56 for 2013. For Q4, non-GAAP net income per share was $0.27 compared to $0.26 for Q3 and $0.23 for the year ago quarter. For the year, non-GAAP net income per share was $0.94 compared to $0.86 for the prior year, an increase of 9%. Operating cash flow for Q4 was $132 million compared to $88 million for Q3 and $119 million for the year ago quarter. For the year, operating cash flow was $317 million compared to $368 million for 2013. Total DSOs for Q4 were 27 days compared to 25 days for Q3 and 27 days for the year ago quarter. Our DSO target is approximately 30 days. Capital expenditures were $12 million for the fourth quarter and $40 million for the year. Cash and short-term investments were $1.023 billion at year end compared to $633 million for the prior year. In October we issued $350 million of 10-year notes. The notes were rated investment grade by all three rating agencies. In the quarter we repurchased 2.1 million shares of common stock for $37.5 million. For the year we repurchased 5.9 million shares for approximately $100 million. Remember that we increased our repurchase plan in Q3 and expect to repurchase $150 million worth of stock per year. Approximately 55% of our cash and short-term investments were in the U.S. at year-end. Next I am going to provide some details on our convertible notes which mature in 2015. Our $350 million convertible notes due on June 1, 2015 will be settled in cash. Within the last 2 months, we have received notices of early conversion for approximately $54 million, which will be settled in cash in Q1. After settling the early conversions, we are now looking at a maximum cash payout on June 1 of $296 million. When we issued the 2015 notes, we entered into bond hedge transactions to limit our exposure in case the notes settle in cash at a premium to their principal value. The hedge transactions for the early-converted notes are now being settled in this quarter. Hedge transactions for the remaining 2015 notes will settle in April and May of this year, and the cash from this settlement will be used to prepay – will be used to pay any premium due on the notes on June 1. In a separate transaction, we sold warrants when we issued the 2015 notes. The warrants will mature from September through early December of this year and will be net share settled. Potential dilution from the warrants is already included in our diluted shares outstanding. Now let’s address our outlook for the first quarter of 2015, and fiscal 2015. As a reminder, Q4 2015 included approximately $15 million of revenue attributable to fiscal 2014 having a 53rd week. Another factor to keep in mind is the recent volatility in foreign exchange rates, which increased the risk of our 2015 projected results. While most of our revenue is billed in U.S. dollars, about 10% is exposed to the yen. On the expense side, approximately 70% of our expenses are U.S. dollar based. And in general, a stronger dollar reduces yen-based revenue and reduces non-dollar based costs. A stronger dollar also creates additional risk to our overseas sales volumes. Of course, a weaker dollar would of course have the opposite impact. For Q1, we expect revenue to be in the range of $405 million to $415 million. Q1 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 22% to 23%. The margin is down for Q1 primarily due to seasonally higher payroll taxes and fewer vacations in Q1 as compared to Q4. GAAP EPS for the first quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.08 to $0.10. Non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.20 to $0.22. Now, for fiscal 2015 outlook. Bookings are projected to be in the range of $1.87 billion to $1.93 billion, an increase of 5% to 9%. We expect weighted average contract life in the range of 2.4 to 2.6 years. And we expect at least 90% of revenue for the year to be recurring in nature. Revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.68 billion to $1.72 billion, with approximately 70% of this coming from backlog already in place at the beginning of the year. This translates to 6% to 9% growth in revenue over 2014. Without the extra week in the 2014 baseline, growth would be 7% to 10%. Hardware revenue was down from 2014 to 2013. We do expect hardware revenue to increase in 2015. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 25% on an annual basis. Non-GAAP other income and expense is expected to be in the range of negative $24 million to negative $17 million. The increase in net expense is primarily due to interest expense on the 10-year notes issued in October 2014. After a thorough review of our non-GAAP income tax rate which remained unchanged at 26% for a number of years, we are forecasting a non-GAAP income tax rate of 23% for 2015. This is based on forecasted increases in foreign earnings that are expected to lower our long-term non-GAAP effective income tax rate. The change in non-GAAP tax rate adds approximately $0.04 to our expected 2015 non-GAAP EPS. We are assuming weighted average diluted shares outstanding of 306 million to 314 million shares for the year. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.49 to $0.61. And non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.94 to $1.06. This represents a 6% growth over last year at the midpoint. We are expecting operating cash flow to be approximately $350 million. Our DSO forecast is 30 days and we expect capital expenditures of approximately $40 million. So, I would like to finish today by summarizing some of our key highlights – financial highlights from 2014. We are proud of our financial performance while building a robust pipeline of innovative new products, winning exciting new business with the world’s best and most demanding companies. In October, we issued $350 million of 10-year investment grade notes at an attractive coupon rate of 4.3/8%. The notes have traded well in the market since they were issued. In January 2014, we initiated a stock repurchase program for $100 million over 2 years. Based on the growing strength of our business, in July, we increased the program to $300 million over 2 years. Cadence enters 2015 with tremendous momentum with strong execution on product development, strong customer and partner relationships, and strong operational and financial management. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. Just wanted to hit a couple of different areas. Looking at the operating margin guidance for 2015, couple of things, one given the first quarter guide, should we believe that operating margins would bottom in the first quarter and then continue to improve through the year? And on a year-over-year basis, the 25% versus what you just put up, where is the extra margin pressure going to come from? Is it gross margins or is it headcount and operating expense? And any color you can give in terms of where those functional investments might be coming from?
Geoff Ribar: So, on the first part, Sterling – and thanks for the question, the first part generally what happens in the first half of the year is Social Security taxes kick in, in the U.S. and that increases our expenses until people meet the Social Security caps. And that’s one thing that drives expenses lower in the second half of the year. The other one is just the vacations and how vacations lay in, in the summer and of course in the later half of the year with the holidays, vacations tend to kick in. So, that tries tends to improve operating results in the second half of the year and decrease them in the first half of the year. I think as we said on the second part, I think as we said in our Q3 earning call, we are winning new business with top customers. And these are the customers that you want us to be winning designs with. And so to win and keep these designs, we have to invest in technology as we mentioned in our last call and outstanding customer technical support. As the ramp these customers, it’s important for us to keep these customers by making this investment and also to hopefully proliferate going forward. So, that’s the thing that’s driving our margins this year versus last.
Lip-Bu Tan: And Sterling, this is Lip-Bu. Just to add on that, clearly, we are winning the new business with shaping, market-shaping customer at the most advanced node. Those are the most demanding customer and they are really in the appeal. That meant that we had to work hard and meet their exact design requirement and that will make over time our solution to be the best in the world. And this is very compelling value proposition and that I think other customers will pay attention to it. So, I think winning, keeping this type of business require additional customer support and this is a decision that we make so that we can scale with this customer proliferating across that customer requirement. And then this will be enhanced and our – invest in our business with other customers. So, I think this is a very important point I just want to emphasize.
Sterling Auty: Sure. And as you look at that, do you feel like the incremental investment in 2015 that kind of weighs on margins? Does that become leveragable in the future? So, in other words, do we get back to beyond 2015 some margin expansion or do you think that there is a steady pace of investment, so this kind of is where we should think about the more sustainable operating margin being?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think that – Sterling, I think – first of all, I think the investments are highly leveragable across customers. That will provide the leadership and market share as a key driver for success for our business going forward. And I am confident if we execute and then successful in the long-term and are proliferating our product more in the winning customer, marquee customer and also the next level of customer will be also embraced, that in the end, it will benefit in our shareholders.
Geoff Ribar: And at this time, we remain, Sterling, committed to sustainable profitability of the company, but we are not guiding beyond 2015 at this point.
Sterling Auty: Okay. One more and I will get back into queue. On the emulation product, thank you for giving us a sense of timing, it’s been something we obviously been talked about for some time, but if I look historically at the Palladium release schedule kind of I think the 4-year timeframe. This looks like it pushes it more towards the 5-year timeframe. Is there a sense of this time around why the longer product cycle was their particular challenges in this product version to rollout?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. As I mentioned in my remarks and clearly this is next-generation hardware platform, we are very excited about it, because it’s very scalable enterprise architecture and we are very thoughtfully and I will think through an architect that way and is turning out to be the call of the very compelling hardware roadmap that over the years we will have a shorter period of upgrading and significantly expanding our Palladium family. And so we are excited about it. And I know this is very thoughtful architect in a very scalable way and it took a little bit longer, but I think eventually the customer will benefit a lot. And we are excited, in fact we are engaging with some of the key customer they love it.
Sterling Auty: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Yes, thank you. Just I wanted to follow-up on the last question on Palladium, you gave us indication that it will be shipping in the second half, so I am assuming – when you are giving guidance you are assuming that in the second half you will be recognizing significant revenue from Palladium or is it a more of a 2016 thing?
Geoff Ribar: Yes. Mahesh, I guess two points, we said in the later part of the year and when we give guidance we include everything we know at that time we give guidance and want to give that guidance.
Lip-Bu Tan: And I think it’s very important point, clearly we will announce details when we are ready to announce and more important we sell and we ship what we have.
Mahesh Sanganeria: And how has the ramp been in the past, I mean once you start shipping, does it take couple of quarters to reach a certain volume and you start with low volume, what has been the historical ramp profile of a new product?
Geoff Ribar: We will announce more details when we are ready to announce those details. So for this time I think we have said what we want to.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Okay, that’s helpful. In terms of again getting to the margin side, you are guiding to the mid-25% margin and you talked about increasing the expenses, are the incremental expenses going only into these new programs or is there inflation across the board in the expenses?
Geoff Ribar: Well, of course every company right has focus in those types of things, but the investment that we are making is to support these market shaping customers.
Mahesh Sanganeria: But on a – I am just trying to make the distinction as to on a longer term perspective, how should we think of your expenses growing if you did not have an event like this where you are making these extra investments?
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So again, as we said before everything we know we include in guidance on what we are doing. And right now we are only guiding 2015, right. We have this great opportunity that we are executing on and that’s what we are concentrating on.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Okay. Thank you very much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merill Lynch.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I had a couple of them. Not to harp on the emulation but just kind of curious what do you think is the market size for emulation, what is it last year, what do you think will be this year and other than what your market share was last year?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think first of all I think that clearly hardware emulation become more and more important as I mentioned earlier the complexity of design and also the shorter time to market. And so clearly there is a growing need for the whole verification. We mentioned prior a lot about our verification development suite and entirety in terms of as you recall we bought Jasper, we bought Forte. And then we have very strong incisive and very strong VIP. And then we also had the hardware emulation, we have hybrid and we have the FPGA for the acceleration. This entire suite is really growing very nicely for us. And so I think all in all, I think overall the market is strong is a double-digit growth and because this is a critical part bottleneck of the time to market for a lot of system company, a lot of semiconductor company and they really need to really have the best verification suite to provide and we have entire suite to support them.
Krish Sankar: Is there anyway to quantify the dollar value as a percentage for 2014 then this year?
Geoff Ribar: Yes. I mean we don’t breakout our hardware businesses, I think again I think what Lip-Bu said this is a sector of growing business. As the complexity goes up and people design more complex products and the increasing importance of this business to this system companies.
Krish Sankar: Got it. And then follow-up is I think you guys mentioned about 55% of your cash is onshore, how much of your cash flow is onshore?
Geoff Ribar: Cash flow pretty much models the percentage of revenue we have in different places. And so it would be about 45% of our cash flow approximately is onshore which is about our U.S. revenue.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thank you very much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera: Thanks. A follow-up question on emulation, you talked about a lot of gross margin pressure on emulation in ‘14, do you expect to see an improvement in emulation gross margin in ‘15?
Geoff Ribar: So at this stage, we don’t breakout hardware margins and we don’t breakout our hardware business. Clearly we hope our next box will have better margins.
Richard Valera: Anymore you can say, I mean I would think it’s more than hope at this point, I would hope it’s more than hope?
Geoff Ribar: Yes. We expect it to have better margins clearly.
Richard Valera: Okay. Fair enough. I guess moving on to another topic, China has been making some noise about increasing their investment in the semiconductor industry in general and making some funds available to that, I am just wondering if you guys could talk about the opportunity you see there and when and if that could become material for you guys if it’s not already?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, Rich let me address these questions. So clearly China is emerging opportunity for order players and clearly they are organized, they have a very big fund set aside to invest. Clearly they see semiconductor as a very big market for all of us, I mean 52% of semiconductor are consumed in China and going to be growing to 60%. So it’s the market that we all pay attention to. And clearly its not just noise they already made things happen. They bought Spectrum took it private. They bought RDA took it private. They bought Montauk took it private. They just competed [indiscernible] packaging from Singapore publicly stood as private. They already announced omni-visions and more coming. And so clearly there is opportunity for all of us. Make sure that all those designs will be using the flow – design flow and the complexity and they are also starting to become very valuable and appreciate the IP business. So it’s a great opportunity for all the EDA players and we are also very excited.
Richard Valera: Great. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with Piper Jaffray.
Shawn Lockman: Hi, this is Shawn Lockman for Ruben tonight. I was wondering if you guys could walk us through a little bit as we think about your 2015 outlook in terms of sort of the puts and takes around your expectations or planning around foreign exchange impact, how that’s impacted, how you are looking at 2015 and maybe even the quarter as well?
Geoff Ribar: Sure. So approximately, 10% of our revenue is in Japan and that’s mostly denominated in yen. So that will have impact – potential impact on us. Of our costs, most of our costs are in U.S. But we do have substantial cost in various different currencies around the world. And that would benefit us with the stronger dollar and hurt us with the weaker dollar. In Q4 essentially, FX had a modest impact on our financial results and that was a pretty big place or pretty volatile results. I think the one other caution always we put out there is of course, even the dollar base business internationally can have an impact right as the exchange rates change right up or down. So for us relatively modest in Q4, it is the caution for 2015 for us.
Shawn Lockman: Great. Thanks. And if I could just drill down a little bit as we think about 2015 as far as strong year in ‘14 for IP, how should we think about that in terms of sustainability of revenue growth there and what sort of the expectations for 2015 are in sort of particular markets. And if you could just walk us through what you guys expect to see there for the year?
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me get started, this is Lip-Bu. And as I mentioned earlier IP is a great business for us and is growing very rapidly. We are very well positioned for further growth. Clearly, there is opportunity in the whole design IP area with clearly the DDR, low-power DDR, PCIe product and that’s why we are now moving a lot into the FinFET design in the most advanced node 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer and 10-nanometer. Adding new nodes is always a new opportunity for player to compete for. We are delighted. We are winning head to head in multiple cases. And in the most advanced 10-nanometer we won and in fact the largest IP contract to-date and with the largest – one of our largest top customer. And then beside the design IP also we have a very strong VIP. We are clearly the market leader. And we provide a very comprehensive verification IP. And then we also now have a very good IP from Tensilica. And clearly there is a lot of because of this programmable and because of the low-power and there is a lot of opportunity not just for the baseband, for mobile, for imaging, for computer vision related area and ADAS for automotive. So there is a lot of opportunity that we should really go after. And so I think all in all, we are excited. Right now the last quarter Q4 already 11% of our revenue, it will continue to grow. And we are very excited about this addition. And a lot of customers embrace us, because we have something very unique in term of our portfolio that we can support them in their design and time to market.
Geoff Ribar: And I think I would again point out it was 40% growth and in the second half of the year that growth actually was accelerating, I am not saying accelerating over 40%. We saw a stronger growth in the second half. And we do expect strong single-teen growth in IP over the next few years.
Shawn Lockman: Great, very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks, good afternoon. I would like to ask about your bookings guidance for 2015, the range is suggesting an increase of about $90 million to $150 million for the year versus ‘14. Could you talk about the variables that go into where you would land in that range, is it fair to assume that given the timing of the emulation release later in the year and the current base of that business which by our calculation is around $100 million or so that the predominant part of the increase in bookings would have to come from software and IT?
Geoff Ribar: Yes, so Jay, obviously we are not – we don’t breakout the details of where our bookings come from or not. Again everything we know, we put into our bookings guidance. We have had a couple of great bookings years in a row and the book to bill in 2015 is 1.12. So we are pretty happy with how that sets up. Backlog when we leave the year we will grow at approximately 9% at midpoint of both the revenue growth and the bookings growth and as you know strong backlog leads to the revenue growth in the future.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Lip-Bu, let me ask you about where you can most likely gain share based on new products. So you’ve got quite a few things in the pipeline now with Novus, Tempus Voltus, but they were addressing markets of considerably different size. So when you look at Novus, the implementation market that’s one of the biggest markets in EDA over $0.5 billion a year, but it’s also tended to be one where it’s harder to shift share. On the other hand signoff tools address a smaller market, but it’s perhaps somewhat easier to shift share and to get some incremental business that way, so how are you thinking about the likelihood or ease of share gain in these somewhat different categories?
Lip-Bu Tan: Jay, good questions and so a couple of points, I think clearly from the customer engagement, we are heavily engaged, clearly indicate that the digital implementation as you currently pointed out is the biggest 10 market. Clearly we have a very good, better solutions in terms of power performance area. And then faster runtimes and that’s why you reflect a lot of success we have. And we will now continue to drive success and then proliferate and some other wins and so that we can gain more shares. And then also across all the different verticals, in mobile we are making tremendous progress on that wireless, automotive, IOT. And so you mentioned earlier not just on that signoff tool, we already have to engage with a deep, important customer, the new place and route in synthesis. Over time, we are going to be announced when it’s ready to announce, but we are already engaged. And they see what we have, they are extremely excited. And clearly, when you moved on the geometry to 14, 16 and 10 and beyond, they are always looking for anything that’s better power performing area. And the run time is critical for them. And then, so all of this is exciting for us. And the other part is clearly the whole system design enablement strategy part of that important synergy is the IP and also our PCB system level in term of analysis. And that’s why the Sigrity has come in handy and really helpful in term of engaging with the system company, because they really care about time to market. They care about to optimize the power performance. And so I think all-in-all, it’s going to be exciting for us. And in terms of IOT and the others, fast growing area and our mixed signal come in really handy and because of our analog, the uniqueness, performance and scalability and this become – that’s why we highlight the mixed signal, at the analog side we are growing at 9%. That is very significant goal. And we see a lot of excitement on that. So, all-in-all, I think this whole system design enablement, look at it from the system level, how to design the product and then from all the way from tool IP to packaging and the whole system enablement, the analysis is critical for them and with our unique position to drive success here and that’s why we had a lot of success and a lot of momentum. Stay tuned, I think we will continue to execute.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Just a couple of last things, if I may. Going back to the earlier discussion, the earlier questions regarding your investing – or incremental investing in the business, how are you thinking about that in terms of market share strategy by geography? What I mean is there are some parts of the world, like Japan where your market share is relatively low and there are parts of the world, like Europe, where your market share is actually rather good versus your overall average. So, would it be your intent to double down in those areas where you are strong to gain even greater share in the strong areas or would you see yourselves investing incrementally in those markets, geographically speaking anyway where you are relatively weaker to try to improve your position or both?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Jay, it’s a good question. Our job is basically to provide the best tool for the customer win and then they have a differentiation. So, we work with all the customer from geographic customer to the leading customer in the vertical market, they are in. By saying that clearly, we see couple of big trends happening. One is the system company become more and more important in term of our revenue on our business and many of them decided to go vertical, integrated, moving to the silicon level to optimize other level. We are heavily engaging and we are very well-positioned on that. And then secondly clearly, we are paying attention to the company to have the unique offering and then how can we help them to really amplify that unique offering or the design that they have. So, we are heavily engaging in their design methodology, in the design capability and what their uniqueness, so that we can really engage and help them to shine. And so across the board – and there are some great companies in Japan and I love some of those customer and likewise in Korea and same thing in China, in Taiwan and in Europe, some of the European company. We mentioned one system company depending on us on the whole verification that’s critical for them. And so I think automotive is very strong in Europe. And so I think all-in-all, we work with every company big and small and they are all important for us.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Lastly, on pricing, for Geoff, over the last few years, you have on occasion increased your prices. If you could talk about any price increases you put in place for 2014 or are planning in your guidance for 2015? And a week or two ago, you introduced some new products under the Sigrity brand for the PCB market, where you had some segmented pricing and I am wondering if that sort of pricing technique could be applied to other parts of the product line?
Geoff Ribar: Jay, our focus is always on value, first and foremost, on value. Value gives you opportunities to capture more value for us and provide more value to the customers. We use a variety of techniques, including some you mentioned and we are focused on that, but it fundamentally comes down always to us. If we are providing the value, the pricing environment will be good for us.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Geoff Ribar: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of line of Gus Richard with Northland.
Gus Richard: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could just talk about your expectations for the growth of your core EDA business and the overall market in ‘15?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, let me start first. I think clearly that core EDA is very important for our system design enablement strategy. And this is fundamentally very important like digital analog custom, clearly this whole tool, suite and then knowing that the design, also the verification highlight quite a lot. It’s very critical for our customer success. So, that part I think is something that is the foundation. We have put a lot of effort to make sure that we provide the best tool, the best solution for our customer in the application market that they are going after. And with that, maybe Geoff can add more.
Geoff Ribar: Sure. And we believe overall that the EDA industry can go faster than economy can grow generally. And then we also believe we can outgrow the industry over time. This is especially true as we build our leadership position in some of the innovative products that we are working on. And of course you can have all the caveats about the economic conditions and those types of things. But again, we believe the EDA can grow faster than the economy and we can grow faster than EDA.
Gus Richard: So would, based on the guidance you provided, would it be fair to assume that you are thinking the EDA business is going to grow 5% next year, overall?
Geoff Ribar: I think you can look at what our competitors have already guided to, but we believe our numbers are going we believe faster than they were going and are great competitors, but we are growing quite well and doing quite well.
Gus Richard: Okay. And then just on the 10-nanometer digital design flow, I think you have got some wins there and I was hoping you could just give a little bit more color as to what sorts of circuits are you working on with your customers? Is it mobile phone based, microprocessors, just any color you can provide as to what kinds of end markets your customers are working on?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So, I think Gus I think the advanced node is very important for us in order to take the leadership in term of product offering. The advanced node is critical. So, we are putting a lot of effort, not only the tool, the IP side to make sure that we really optimized for the 14, 16, and then now 10, 10 going to be our big nodes. And clearly, it’s an area that a lot of mobile player, the key player are driving the 10-nanometer. And then later on, the whole cloud data center will be also driving that because of some of the performance requirement they need to get there. And so in all, I think we are putting a lot of resources to drive across the board and not really concentrate on one or two customers. So, we want to make sure that our tools are optimized, ready, when the customer ready to port and then we can be very stable, scalably provide them the best tool that they need. And saying that, we are heavily engaging with other key leading foundry partners and then make sure that our tool support and drive some of the leading customer they are driving the 10-nanometer. And that’s a lot of challenges, the double-patterning, triple-patterning, there is a lot of power issue and a lot of cost issue. I mean, those are the things, the yield issue. So, we have all worked together with the leading partners to drive success, because if everybody able to solve the problem, able to begin in the last volume, in good quality yield, good for anyone and good for the industry. And we think that as industry issue that we should really drive and contribute to the success of the 10-nanometer and beyond.
Gus Richard: Okay. Thank you, all. Thanks for answering my questions.
Lip-Bu Tan: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Suji De Silva with Topeka.
Suji De Silva: Hi guys. Lip-Bu, in the last question, you said that 10-nanometer would be a big node. Can you talk about the dynamics from 20, 16, 14, down to 10 that might make 10-nanometer bigger? Is it because FinFET is mature at that point or what are the other dynamics?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Couple of points clearly the 14-nanometer and 16-nanometer is very important. If you look at TSMC in terms of their forecast I think it is very important, a lot of volume there, but clearly the 10-nanometer, the main reason as it is going to be a long node because 7 and 5 is unclear and EUV timing is unclear. And the complexity is unclear and also the benefit is unclear. And so I think clearly the leading customer for us, we really want to work with the leading customer, when leading customer telling us 10-nanometer is important to them. We are out to help them to make sure that our tool are optimized and then drive the 10-nanometer success. I think what I’m trying to say is 14, 16 will have a lot of volume, but 10-nanometer will be longer because when you restart to 10 when you see the 7-nanometer is unclear the timetable and that is going to be long, just 20, 18 clearly it’s a long node because not many application are able to drive the benefit when you moved out of 14 and 6 because some of the cost reduction may not happen. So you really need to kind of see what application really needed. And that's why we work very close with the customer understanding what they need. And we recommend then what the process nodes should be focused on. So that they can plan for the next generation product, should they stay in this node, or should they go one more node in advance. So they are facing all our customer, they are in the debates nodes and that's why we need to be well in advance to advice them as a trusted partner to helping them to succeed.
Suji De Silva: Okay. And then my other question is around the customer base that are ones that are systems versus Semis companies, are you seeing more and systems companies bring semis in house and is there a different opportunity if you sell your product set to system companies versus to your semis companies, just remind us?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think the systems company become more and more important to us and also tying very well with our system design enablement strategy. We’re engaging with them in the very early part of the decision and as you know most of them are very other good friend of mine and so in the way we can listen to them, see what they need and then many of them from mobile to cloud data center and to the e-commerce and even to the social media clearly the traffic and the volume they need is tremendous to manage. And some point in time they need to really optimize for their own architecture and that’s where the part and how to connect those platform into the big either e-commerce payment platform. And so that we need to know what they're looking for and what are their bottleneck and their pinpoint and how can we be helpful as a partner to provide them the solution so they can optimize all levels. And so that is what a trusted partner for and we want to be that partner.
Suji De Silva: Great, thanks guys.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Monika Garg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. The first question is on operating margin side, Jeffrey if I assume to a flat tax rate year-over-year then the EPS growth is only 4.3% where are you guiding your revenue growth midpoint 7.5 that means you are assuming your operating margin is going lower year-over-year by 50 to 60 basis points, so given the complexity of increase in some conductors maybe could you walk us through what the margins will take a hit?
Geoff Ribar: Actually the margins are the operating margin we guided at 25% right so I think that’s the major issue, its actually isn’t down, again as we said we are focused on winning these key customers and sustaining now that we have won these customers again we already have the proof point so we want to invest to have the best technology and the best technical support going forward. There is little bit impact by share count on EPS year-over-year, but the operating margin is actually unchanged from year-to-year.
Monika Garg: Then kind of last time when you had a new emulation tool we saw a significant growth at that time 100% year-over-year I understand that was a lower base, but even on dollar amount $60 million to $70 million growth do you think when we have a new tool we could see something similar number in the dollar amount next year?
Geoff Ribar: We are not going to give any details right now on emulation when we are ready we’ll talk about it then.
Monika Garg: Alright. And then last year, you have kind of had guided 26% of margin right and then the new emulation tool became a headwind to the operating margins. So fair to think that when we have a new tool we should at least could go back to where the 2014 guidance was?
Geoff Ribar: Obviously, we are not guiding margin, right, any change on margin. Everything that we know is included in the numbers already when we guide 2015. And you are correct on last year.
Monika Garg: Okay. Just the last one, maybe I missed it, did you give operating cash flow guidance for 2015?
Geoff Ribar: We did. It’s $350 million, up from $319 million last year.
Monika Garg: Okay. Then last one, why is it lower from 2013 levels?
Geoff Ribar: So, it’s up from 2014 to 2015. It is a little bit less than we had in 2013. Biggest reason is going to be cash taxes over the period of time. Again, we are quite happy with the progress from ‘14 to ‘15, up from $319 million to $350 million.
Monika Garg: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good afternoon. So, you talked about increasing investments to support some of your large customers. Curious so, is this investment purely headcount or are there facilities or some other cost associated with that?
Geoff Ribar: This is headcount. These are engineers, technical salespeople, those types of people. That is our investment. We don’t have material investments in facilities, the $40 million we spend on capital expenditure, it covers everything. So, these are people.
Tom Diffely: Okay. So, it looks like in the quarter, the headcount just went up a tiny bit, do you expect that to ramp or there is some puts and takes involved?
Lip-Bu Tan: This is Lip-Bu. Let me highlight couple of points. I think clearly some of this customer are very demanding customer. And then clearly when they are shifting their tool, that’s a lot of handholding and familiarize and then so a lot of engineering support to make sure that they can convert effectively. And then also we can proliferate across the account. And then the other part is clearly, we continue to drive efficiency productivity, that’s something that Geoff and I would have been driving as an organization continue to drive efficiency. And then so overall the net increase we are going to be managing according to our budget and plan that the forecast that we put together.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then Geoff, you talked about the taxes coming down about 300 basis points, that’s a pretty big move-out, I am wondering if you can give us more detail on what’s driving that?
Geoff Ribar: Sure. I mean, as I said, it’s largely the mix between foreign and U.S. income on a going forward basis. With the exception in Japan, our foreign business continues to grow and become a more important part. We haven’t actually looked at that tax rate for a number of years. And again, if you look at our cash taxes, which you can see in our Qs and Ks, they are materially less than even this tax rate we are projecting.
Tom Diffely: Okay. So, it’s not necessarily the new businesses that you are entering, it’s just your overall business is becoming more international going forward?
Geoff Ribar: Yes, the mix of our businesses is the major driver.
Tom Diffely: Okay, thank you.
Operator: I will now turn our conference back over to Cadence President and CEO, Lip-Bu Tan, for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, I would like to recognize our hardworking employees for the results we have achieved and thank all our shareholders, customers and partners for their support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence Design Systems fourth quarter and fiscal year 2014 earnings conference call. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Investor Relations Lip-Bu Tan - President and CEO Geoff Ribar - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Monica Garg - Pacific Crest Securities  Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Gus Richard - Northland Capital 
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Courtney and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems' third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Alan Lindstrom, Senior Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems, you may begin your conference. 
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Courtney, and welcome to our earnings conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2014. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com, and will be archived through December 19, 2014. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. With us today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings release issued today. Note that we also filed the third quarter 10-Q this afternoon. In addition to the financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. A copy of today's press release, dated October 20, 2014, for the quarter ended September 27, 2014 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased with the strong financial results that Cadence delivered for Q3.  To summarize: Total revenue was $400 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27% and operating cash flow was $88 million.  Before talking about our Q3 highlights, I want to say a few words about the environment and update you on the progress of our system design enablement strategy.  While environment in the semiconductor industry remains mixed, there is a strong design activity underway, particularly at advanced nodes. System companies are doing well and we expand our business with several of them over the past quarter.  As you have heard me say before, we are executing our system design enablement strategy to deliver the technologies necessary for the integrated system and SoC design with the end product in mind. At the heart of the strategy is our growing core EDA business. We’re excited about the opportunities to also expand our business in IP, system interconnect, analysis and system level design and hardware and software development.  Our core EDA business continued to grow strongly. I'm pleased to report that this quarter Cadence booked the largest contract since I became CEO. Our talented engineering team continues to generate innovative technology. We have announced 10 new products in the last 18 months, including two in the last quarter.  Outside core EDA, we are succeeding at the system-level. We grew our footprint in PCB and system interconnect analysis tools at a large systems company in the growing medical segment.  In the critical hardware/software convergence space, we won new Palladium business at a mil/aero systems company. Our Tensilica baseband and audio processors were designed into NXP’s RoadLINK chipset to deliver vehicle-to-vehicle communications for improved road safety in secure connected cars. A major example of the success of our System Design Enablement strategy was demonstrated at HiSilicon. Cadence implementation, verification, 3D-IC packaging tools and DDR4 IP were used in the development of HiSilicon 32 core ARM network processor, which is the first TSMC 16 nanometer FinFET SoC in production. Also, I am very delighted that Cadence won two TSMC Partner-of-the-Year awards during the recent Open Innovation Platform Ecosystem Forum, for soft IP and for the joint development of 16 nanometer FinFET Plus design infrastructure.  The consistent performance of our company and the strength of our business model enabled us to issue $350 million in investment-grade bonds which is a significant milestone for any company our size. Geoff will give more details on the bond offering in a few minutes. Our innovative solutions along with strong ecosystem partners, are resulting in us winning new business with top customers. To ensure that we can deliver on these commitments and maximize future opportunities, we need to increase our investment in technology development and support. Now let’s review our Q3 highlights. In the digital signoff space, strong adoptions of our next generation implementation solutions continued, with several wins in the full RTL-to-signoff flow for high performance FinFET designs at top customers.  The need for advanced nodes is growing across multiple verticals, including mobile, network infrastructure and automotive. Our digital portfolio strength was instrumental in significantly expanding the use of our tools and IP at a marquee global company.  Our silicon sign-off tools continue to gain strong momentum. Tempus, our timing analysis solution, had a record booking quarter and now has 45 customers. Voltus, our gate-level power integrity analysis solution, has now been adopted by 35 customers. In Q3, we launched Voltus-FI for highly-accurate transistor-level power integrity analysis on FinFET designs. We also launched our new massively parallel RC extraction product, Quantus QRC, which delivers best in class performance and accuracy, and already has over 20 customers. I would like to highlight the strong collaboration work we are doing with our partners ARM and TSMC in the digital and signoff space. We expanded our collaboration with ARM through a multiyear technology access agreement. This continued early access to ARM IP enables Cadence to provide optimized tools and flows to accelerate success for our mutual customers.  We achieved digital and custom/analog tool certification, and unveiled a broad portfolio of our IP for TSMC’s new 16-nanomter FinFET Plus process. ARM and Cadence announced a collaboration for IoT and wearable device applications targeting TSMC’s new Ultra Low Power processes. And we are deeply engaged with multiple foundry partners at the 10 nanometer node, including announcing our readiness for early customer digital design starts with TSMC, and have begun early tool enablement at 7 nanometers.   Now let’s turn to System Design and Verification. Our System Development Suite continues to grow in double digits, with momentum at system and semiconductor customers across mobile, consumer, networking and storage segments. Advanced Verification Solutions achieved excellent growth, with Incisive simulation revenue reaching the highest level in years. Adoption of Palladium XP was strong for the simulation-acceleration use model as well as the hybrid emulation use model. We announced success at ARM, where Palladium Hybrid technology, coupled with ARM Fast Models, achieved a 50X faster OS boot-up during the development of their latest Mali GPU.  Lastly, Jasper product integration is ahead of schedule. We are very excited about this business and it is contributing strongly to our verification success with key customers. Our IP business had a record revenue for the quarter, demonstrating strength across the breadth of our portfolio. Additionally, VIP achieved its strongest bookings quarter ever, through some large orders from top customers.  The integration of last year’s acquisitions is proceeding well and there is a strong organic development underway at the most advanced nodes. In summary, Cadence continues to drive growth and positive momentum, winning ground in systems companies with our System Design Enablement strategy. Our digital and new sign-off tools continue to gain traction with significant wins at top customers.  We are increasingly driving growth through innovative internal development. We’re focused on delighting our customers and will invest for mutual success. I am pleased with our current results and excited about the opportunities ahead. Now, I will turn the call over to Geoff to review the financial results and provide our outlook. 
Geoff Ribar: Thanks Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. I will now review the results for the third quarter, present our outlook for Q4, and update our guidance for 2014.  Cadence produced strong operating results in Q3. Total revenue was $400 million, up 9% compared to $367 million from the year ago quarter, and up 6% from the prior quarter.  The revenue mix for the geographies was: 46% for the Americas; 22% for Asia; 21% for EMEA; and 11% for Japan.  The revenue mix by product group was: 23% for functional verification, 29% for digital IC design and signoff, 27% for custom IC design, 11% for IP, and 10% for system interconnect and analysis.  Total costs and expenses on a non-GAAP basis were $291 million, compared to $290 million for Q2, and $278 million for the year ago quarter.  In Q3 we incurred an $11 million GAAP charge for restructuring, as we continued to focus on operational efficiencies. Q3 headcount was 6082, up 38 from Q2.  Non-GAAP operating margin was 27%, compared to 23% for Q2, and 24% for the year ago quarter.  GAAP net income per share was $0.12. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.26, compared to $0.21 for Q2, and $0.21 for the year ago quarter.  Operating cash flow was $88 million, compared to $69 million for Q2, and $98 million for the year ago quarter. Total DSOs were 25 days, compared to 26 for both Q2 and the year ago quarter.  Capital expenditures were $10 million. Cash and short-term investments were $595 million at quarter-end, compared to $655 million for the prior quarter. We repurchased 2.2 million shares for approximately $38 million. We paid down $100 million on our revolving credit facility, which is now undrawn with $250 million available. $190 million of our cash and short-term investments were in the U.S. at quarter-end. Note that our quarter-end cash positions do not include the impact of our new senior unsecured notes which were issued in Q4. Weighted average contract life was approximately 2.6 years. This was in line with our expected range of 2.4 to 2.6 for the year.  Now let’s address our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2014. Overall we are leaving our revenue and bookings outlook for the second half of the year unchanged. As I said last quarter, we expect stronger software revenue but weaker hardware revenue compared to our initial guidance for 2014. The hardware business remains competitive.  For our Q4 outlook, we expect revenue to be in the range of $417 million to $427 million. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be between 27% and 28%. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.16 to $0.18, and non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.26 to $0.28.  Now for our fiscal 2014 outlook. Bookings are projected to be in the range of $1.75 billion to $1.8 billion. We expect weighted average contract life in the range of 2.4 to 2.6 years, and we expect at least 90% of revenue for the year to be recurring in nature.  Revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.575 billion to $1.585 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be 25% to 26% on an annual basis. This is unchanged from our previous guidance.  Non-GAAP other income and expense is expected to be in the range of negative $16 million to negative $12 million. This is higher than our previous expectation of negative $15 million to negative $9 million, due to the increased interest expense for our new senior notes issued October 9, 2014.  We are assuming a non-GAAP tax rate of 26% and weighted average shares outstanding of 305 million to 309 million shares for the year. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.46 to $0.48. This is lower than our previous guidance of $0.48 to $0.56 due to the restructuring, and interest expense from our new bond issue. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.92 to $0.94. This is changed from our previous range of $0.90 to $0.98 due to interest expense for our new bond issue. We expect operating cash flow in the range of $290 million to $320 million. This is down slightly from our previous range of $305 million to $335 million primarily due to restructuring payments. Our DSO forecast is approximately 30 days. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $40 million. Two weeks ago, we issued $350 million of senior unsecured notes at a coupon rate of 4.375%. The term of these notes is 10 years. These notes were rated investment grade by Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch. As Lip-Bu mentioned, we are very proud to receive investment grade ratings, since it is unique for a company of our size. This symbolizes our financial growth, strong execution, and investment in our new products and customers over the past five years. The proceeds from our notes offering will be used for general corporate purposes, including the retirement our $350 million convertible notes due June 1, 2015.  So with that, operator, we’ll take questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Monica Garg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Monica Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi, thanks for taking my question. My first question is, you talked about a large contract in the quarter – largest over the last four, five years. Now I wondered if you could delve little bit deeper, is it to do like some ASP increases, more licenses, more IP or emulation business, if you could kind of provide more detail?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, this is Lip-Bu. Let me start first. I think this large contract we referred to is a marquee global company. We cannot say more than that. But clearly it’s a very big contract for us and clearly across product line and you know, clearly, digital is a very good portion of that and then also our verification, our IP business. So overall we are very excited about it and we clearly want to do everything we can to support and then proliferate that business across, and I think that we also have multiple account, we are engaging heavily and we are excited with the encouragement from our customer. Overall I think across our product line we’re very excited about it.
Monica Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, thanks. I had a question on the analog market -- demand environment. You saw Microchip kind of pre-announce negatively a couple of weeks back; Linear Tech kind of guided down next quarter. All of them talked about a slight weakness in the analog end market. Given your high share in the analog market, could you maybe talk about the demand or environment you are seeing in that side of the semi industry?
Lip-Bu Tan: Right. I think let me try to answer that. Clearly we are very excited about analog and custom offering and then clearly in the advance node, we are very active with our Virtual also and then also moving to the most advanced node like 10 nanometer and beyond, and a lot of SoC system-on-chip kind of a mixed-signal and then a big portion of that is digital and analog. And so it’s also proliferating well. We don’t comment any specific customer situations but overall we don't see any slowdown. Our custom analog continues to be a good business for us.
Geoff Ribar: I think, Monica, we’ll go back to our business model, right? Our business model is heavily dependent on a number of engineers that our customers have, not necessarily the ups and downs in their revenue cycle. So we continue to see them keeping a number of engineers and focusing on getting new designs out the door which helps us. 
Monica Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Sure. Thanks. This is the last one from me on the emulation side. You again, talked about competitive pressure in the segment. The tool is in the fifth year cycle. Maybe could you talk about when do you expect growth in that segment, and where do you think the margins could be when you have the new platform? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay. I don’t hear too well at the end of it. But anyway I think I get a good grab of your question, so I think related to emulation hardware business. Customer demand for the emulation product remains very strong, clearly for mobile FinFET and our 64 bit and our Palladium XP as I mentioned are doing well. Simulation acceleration, use model hybrid and then clearly with ARM, we indicated the performance 50x faster OS boot-up. And then we also -- besides the mobile side, beside the international ASIC [ph] business are growing very nicely. We also find new user and like for example, I mentioned about the mil/aero system company, very excited about Palladium new customer.  Just answer your question about the next-generation emulation, development on the platform is well underway. But we’re not going to comment anything specifically about the dates. Clearly we’re going to sell we have, and in the meanwhile I think the Palladium XP tools are shipping in large volume and we’re happy with that, is a clear significant performance and productivity. All I can tell about the next-generation, we are way on our way and is on track. We have a very talented team we put together and then it’s a very big supercomputer and we’re excited about their progress, stay tuned. When the time is ready, we will announce it.
Geoff Ribar: And I think one more point -- year-over-year we are up in volume, all through pricing has clearly been impacted. So we expect revenue to be down for the year but the volumes are up year-over-year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson: Good afternoon. Maybe one more question on emulation, since we're talking about it. What is your view for the size of the emulation market right now? And when you look at the emulation market itself, how much of your business is a competitive win versus just customers refreshing or adding capacity? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, good questions. So first of all, I can you can look at EDAG [ph] or whatever places you can find for the data for the market. But overall it’s a good business for us. It’s very important for our work, you know, I call it the Verification Development Suite and now we have a whole suite, hardware VIP insight system doing well and then we have just acquired Jasper and also higher-level of abstraction like C-to-Silicon and Forte. So we have an entire suite provide to our customer, and then this whole hardware software convergence is happening now and we are very well-positioned for doing that.  So I think all in all, we are excited about it and then we continue to be the best leading emulations tool in the marketplace. Clearly of the top 20 semiconductor companies, 15 are using us and then of the application processor, top 10, 9 is using us. So we don't see any major shift at all and then clearly the demand is very strong and we continue to support and supply them.  In terms of the usage, there are -- some are new, like I mentioned earlier, like the mil/aero and some of the vertical new customer for us. In the meanwhile there are some, you know, very fast growing in Asia, in China, they are using us and then they increase rapidly. And then the other part is, there is a lot of existing customers, tier 1 customers, they are expanding their capacity because they need more, and they keep coming back to us to get more, increase their capacity. So overall in terms of new usage, in terms of new customer from the system guy and also from the silicon guy, and they are increasing the capacity. So overall it’s a good business and then we continue to invest and drive the best product in the marketplace. And we are well on our way in the development. 
Geoff Ribar: And I think it's a good business for us, it’s a good business for our competitors. It’s a secular market that we believe is growing. And to answer one more question, we haven't seen any significant shifts in market share.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson: So if the market was to, say, double over the next 3 to 5 years, would most of that come from open activity, or would it be more of your customers as having to add more and more capacity and maybe the share shifting not being there, just the whole market growing?
Lip-Bu Tan: I think overall it’s a good market. Clearly ourselves, our competitor enjoy that. And in the meanwhile there's a lot of increasing capacities, [almost a must have], when you do the advanced complex, advanced chip. And this is a very quick and most accurate way to verify what you design the complexity is increasing, the need for the hardware emulation and clearly not just the emulation, also in the simulation acceleration that we’re focusing on and we’re continuing to grow that. And also all the way into the prototyping, we announced our Protium products and they are now handling all the prototyping requirement. So actually we have a whole suite of hardware coming up, plus our whole verification development suite, and they tie in all the software tool, the IP together. So it’s a very compelling for customer then to use that. 
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson: And I guess, Geoff, when you look at the restructuring you referred to, is there any way you can dig in a little more deeply, tell me kind of what you’ve done there? And it sounds like the headcount has gone up and I assume that there will be a positive impact on the [mow] going forward from the restructuring?
Geoff Ribar: Yes, we always look at the efficiency and effectiveness of our spending. And so I think we took a look and decided to make some changes that will allow us to invest in some other areas that are important to us and focus the resources where we want to focus on. Beyond that, we are not giving any details. 
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson: Okay. It seemed like, Lip – Lip, you also referred to an increase in R&D spending and an increase in support going forward. Any more you can say on that?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think it’s a very exciting time when the top tier customers are reaching out to us, and clearly our product is coming up strong. And then secondly, they see us as a very viable future technology they need and we always want to strive for the best product, best tool, the best IP to provide to our customer for their design, and along the way when we have to make investment into some of this area, are to drive leadership and drive customer success. Some of the area we may need to – the restructuring and make sure that we can really refocus on the investment in that area that really drive the maximum return to our shareholders. 
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson: Okay, but on a kind of big picture basis, the business model that you've created over the last couple of years is still intact over the next year?
Geoff Ribar: Yes, our business model is still intact. We love our business, we move the business model. We love the recurring revenue nature of the business. And we think we’re operating it pretty well, based on our financial results we had in Q3. 
Operator: Your question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan: Thanks. Hi guys, I apologize if this has been asked, I got dropped out of the call for a couple of minutes. But actually I want to start with a follow-up on that last question. I want to be very direct. On that comment, Lip-Bu, that you made about the increased investment, a number of shareholders have really looked at the stock and the increasing operating margin as a key part of the thesis. So how do you increase the investments, it sounds like this is an incremental investment while still expanding margins, then how should we think about that margin expansion going forward, or would margins temporarily flat line or even compress?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So let me start first and then Geoff can chip in. So clearly I mentioned in my remarks, we have a very marquee global company increasing substantially in the most advanced node with us. And clearly we need -- want to make sure that we are able to support and deliver and also proliferate across the product line, and then I think that we also have a tremendous opportunity across all functions. So digital, we have a lot of new suite of products coming up and then clearly our Incisive is doing very well; VIP is doing well in the most challenging, most advanced node and most complex design. So with that, we clearly want to take this opportunity to support that and then make sure that we put the right people, the right technology development to serve that. So I think overall it is a very exciting opportunity for us. I think that we continue to drive efficiency, drive the productivity that Geoff referred to.  So I think overall, I think, we’re going to continue doing that in a very optimized way and meanwhile delivering the metrics that we have been consistently delivering. And so I think we’re not going to give any guidance on the 2015 but overall I think we like what we have. We continue to invest and support the technology and customer needs. 
Geoff Ribar: And I think, you know, the primary factors that are going to drive our business going forward certainly are revenue growth, our success in managing the business efficiently and effectively, including improving quality and some of the restructurings and those types of things we do, and our success in [growing] new business with major customers which may increase support costs for those customers. So beyond that, as Lip-Bu said we’re not guiding beyond the current year. 
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan: Okay, that makes sense. In terms of – in the quarter, the sales and marketing expenses were a little lower than I would have anticipated given the guide. Anything in particular that would have hit the expenses, either from a variable or fixed compensation standpoint?
Geoff Ribar: No, mostly it's the increased vacations and those types of things that happened in the summer. Generally our expenses were relatively flat across-the-board from Q2 to Q3, that applies to sales and marketing also.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan: And the very large contract you signed in the quarter, I didn’t quite catch it. Is that an existing customer or a new customer?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, we just mentioned that is a marquee global company, and I would not say more than that. And we are delighted and then continue to stay tuned. In our Q1, we mentioned one big consumer company success. We’re going to continue making great progress and in terms of wins and expand our customers, and we have multiple opportunities in front of us and in various stages of our engagement and we are excited about what we are seeing. I think clearly our customers realize that we have a roadmap. Clearly we execute well and then clearly we have a technology they need, and we continue to drive innovation. In the last 18 months we announced 10 new products, 2 in the last quarter, and then stay tuned, we have coming up, and then we are excited with the innovating culture we have and continue to drive the best tool in IP so that our customer can count on us to developing the most challenging product they want to announce. 
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan: All right. Last question if I can squeeze in, because I am getting hit an email with it. The timing of that large contract, was that anticipated for this quarter and maybe the magnitude of it, because people are trying to figure out the guidance here for the fourth quarter and whether the jump back up to 2.6 years stretching things out, is that a big impact to the revenue guide for the fourth quarter, which I think the Street might have been a little bit light, or something else is going on?
Geoff Ribar: So this number was included in our guidance when we guided Q3 and Q4 the second half of the year. I do want to point out the sequential growth from Q2 to Q3 and from Q3 to Q4 in revenue. I think the revenue growth is something we’re pretty proud of, and I think it reflects the business that we've been getting so. And yes, so we expected -- as you could tell, we expected to win this business.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you very much. Lip-Bu, as we look beyond the current quarter into the next year, I am not looking for guidance. But can you talk a little bit about segments? Where do you see the headwinds and where do you see the tailwinds, as we model out next year, what should we be looking for?
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me talk in general, and overall I think we are excited across our product line. The last five years, six years we invest in, now we are starting to see the fruits of that. Clearly digital signoff is a great opportunity, as I mentioned about Tempus, Voltus in terms of customer adoption. And then secondly, clearly verification becomes very important, it’s a double-digit growth for us. And then clearly we have a whole suite of product from hardware to VIP to -- Incisive is doing really well, and the advanced verification is doing really well for us.  And then the other part is the PCB is also doing really well because of – you know, more and more customer they really need not just tool, not just IP, and also the whole PC board, the whole system, the whole system analysis that we bought in Sigrity and integrate with Allegro, that turned out to be a very helpful for them. So overall I think this whole pieces that we have been investing the last 5, 6 years and now we’re going to continue, are driving even more success and then some of these customer we have been engaging for the last couple of years. And now they feel comfortable to adopting and then become the really – and now the critical piece of their design and they can count on us. And then clearly our investment into the advanced node, 14, 16, and now 10, we are also in the engagement in terms of 7 nanometer. So all in all, we have a roadmap that customers feel comfortable, they can trust us and they can count on us.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: So I want to dive a little a bit deeper into the IP business. You had a strong growth in that business and I think overall for the year also it’s tracking much better than your expectation of 20% growth. What do you think you can grow that business, or this quarter was a one-time kind of a -- that you got such a significant growth?
Lip-Bu Tan: I think IP business has been good for us. We have a record revenue for the quarter and then clearly demonstrating the breadth of our portfolio. We have the whole portfolio IP that the customer can count on. Clearly the VIP achieved the strongest booking for us. Clearly the Tensilica, the acquisition we make, are making great progress, customers love it and the programmability with low power and this is a very exciting for a lot of application Internet of Things and also the whole embedded processing market opportunity. So I think all in all we have all the key ingredient of the memory IP, DDR3, DDR4 that we highlight. And then we also have -- clearly have all the high-speed connectivity, so the PCIe, USB product that customers in the most advanced node are starting to supporting us. So it’s a good growing area for us and then really tie into our whole system design enablement strategy and IP and our growing core EDA and then now with the PCB side, all tie in together, this is very exciting for our customers. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: One last question for Geoff. In terms of expenses, in the past you have told us that organically your expense growth is typically 3% year-over-year and if the revenue grows beyond 3%, then that drops significantly to the bottom line. I know that you have some acquisitions so that’s adding to the expenses but on an organic basis, should we still think about a 3% year-over-year growth in terms of expenses?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, I don't think I’ve ever said the 3% is the number. I think generally it's – we’re clearly not guiding 2015 but generally I think the factors that drive our business model is again revenue growth, effectiveness and efficiency of our spending and -- as we capture new business from our customers the investment required to sustain that business. So that's where we are willing to go.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I have two of them. First one, for Lip-Bu, just wanted to find out, looks like there has been a lot of talk about China investing over $100 billion in the semi industry. Wanted to find out your take on that, and also what it means for EDA specifically for Cadence? Then a follow-up for Geoff is – what do you think about effects – what is the impact you expect on future contracts and the current FX situation?
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure, Krish, I think clearly you followed on the announcement China view semiconductor as strategic important to them, they aim for more semiconductor than oil. And so – and also I think the overall 300 billion business, more than 50% is consumed in China. And so with that, they have been paying a lot of attention, they announced a big fund, to investing into the semiconductor sector and not just for manufacturing and also for the design, large scale design. Those are very significant movement. Clearly from Cadence point of view, we pay a lot of attention. This is a very important game-changer, we call it the China factor. And so clearly in all the key companies, there also have been a couple of acquisition, Spectrum, RDA, Montage and Omnivision, they are in the process of acquiring that. And so I think with those, clearly we want to make sure that our tool and IP are in all those companies and so that we can proliferate and then working with the government in terms of driving some of these, the best tool and design capability.  And then some of them are really world-class companies. I mentioned one, HiSilicon in my remarks, 16 nanometer in real production FinFET and that is a very advanced. Same thing, you will hear, Spectrum in terms of a lot of development they have, in the most advanced stage. And we just want to make sure that they are using the best tool and IP that they can find to their design so that this is kind of a global, rather than just China, is a more global development and we just have to make sure that the global leading companies, make sure that they all are using our tool and IP and that is our objective. 
Geoff Ribar: And Krish, on FX, Japan is our one business that we don’t do revenue in US currency. We obviously do it in yen. It’s 11% or so of our business. The impact in FX, hasn’t been material for us this year thus far. Also offsetting any impact on the yen, of course, we do have expenses in many currencies and typically to some extent those offset. So we haven’t had any material impact on FX so far this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company : Thank you. Lip-Bu, wanted to make sure I understood how you're looking at the overall environment. I think in your prepared remarks you said that the semi industry remained kind of mixed, but that you were seeing good design activity at advanced nodes. Would you view that as an unchanged outlook versus a quarter ago, or has there been any changes? As some previous questioners mentioned, there has been some fairly mixed data points, including some fairly negative ones in semi land. I just wanted to know if they were affecting you at all.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good question, Rich. Let me touch on that. So first of all, I think clearly we are all aware about the macro level risks, slowing down growth in China and then a possible recession in Europe, following the commodity prices and the political unrest in couple of areas. So I think clearly we keep that in mind. I think that clearly when we’re pursuing the system design enablement synergy, we’re addressing system and semiconductor companies. And then clearly the system companies are doing really well and we’re expanding our business, with several of them over the past quarter.  And then on the semiconductor side, clearly it’s mixed. And you saw some of the report are good, some of the report is not as good. But overall from, on the ground level what I see from the customer side, as you know I'm very involved with all our customers, very strong design activity underway, especially in advanced node. So I think clearly from the last quarter, a little bit more caution about the short-term, clearly because of the environment. And also I mean you look at the recent data in terms of company guidance and also the sentiments of ACE that participate in JPMorgan GSA, it’s a little bit mixed and just had to be a little bit cautioned on that. But seeing that we see tremendous opportunity in the system side, system companies. We see tremendous opportunity in the advanced nodes, actually the leading winning customer platform, we are very, very busy engaging and supporting and helping them. So I think all in all, I think it's I would say optimistic but a little bit caution in the short term.
Geoff Ribar: And again I always like to remind you, Rich, that – again, our recurring revenue model and the fact that their revenue cycles don't necessarily impact our revenue cycles. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company : And Geoff, I'd like to try to address the investment comment you made in the prepared remarks, and the restructuring plan. And it seems like you've been a little reluctant to tie the two together, but I guess I'll ask it again. It sounds like you've made some fairly aggressive restructuring between the voluntary layoffs last quarter, and then this restructuring this quarter. And it sounds like you're paring away from areas where you want to effectively shift investment out of, but you don't necessarily look to net reduce. You want to reinvest in higher growth areas. So trying to understand if this is your way of getting ahead of this increased investment you talked about to develop new technology, and offsetting cut in front of that? Or if there's any color you can add, I'd appreciate it. 
Geoff Ribar: Sure, we always look at our business and make a determination where we are spending money and where we should be spending money. Clearly as Lip-Bu talked about, we’ve had a material win in the last quarter with a global company. We expect more coming and those do require investments, I think, as we mentioned clearly. The restructuring helps us afford those investments and make sense for us to be doing it, where we are shifting resources from areas where they are less productive and less important perhaps to these areas. 
Lip-Bu Tan: And then Rich, just to add on a little bit of what Geoff is talking about. And clearly if you look at the – besides our organic development, we are always looking at any M&A opportunity in a very disciplined approach. But overall if you look out in the M&A landscape in the IP and EDA, there is not much to buy. And so I think the customer is counting on us to innovate for the next generation future technology and we basically like to be in that position, the last five years we have been investing. And so we have a culture of innovating new products and going forward, there is a lot of innovation needed and we want to be the innovating company that continues driving new products coming up that our customers can count on us to design the most complex chip in a timely fashion that they need and then also can verify accurately for them to time to market. So overall I think we’ve felt that this is the right thing for us to do, when the customer is responding to us, we want to make sure that we support and then make them successful and in the meanwhile also can proliferate and then besides that, we are also looking forward how to – really help their life better in terms of designing much better products and addressing the power, addressing the performance, the PAA and then time to market, so those are the things that we are investing going forward, and so that the company can be sustainable in our business. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company : One more, if I could. Geoff, you've trimmed your cash flow from ops guidance in each of the last two quarters from things that you could call one-offs, although restructuring seemed to be somewhat routine on an annual basis. I'm just wondering if you'd be willing to give any color how we should think about a normalized number? If there should be some snapback in that number last year from things that aren't normal course of business on an ongoing basis? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So the reasons we have lowered cash during the year again was the voluntary retirement plan that impacted the Jasper acquisition on cash flow, the lower margin in hardware and then this restructuring. We’re obviously not guiding 2015 as I am sure you are aware, some of those things won’t be repeated right in the future, obviously and some may be repeated in the future. So right now that’s kind of the best we can do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with Piper Jaffray.
Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray: First question, Geoff, I wanted to just go back on the point of the investment related to some of the global customers. It sounds like, at least the way I'm hearing what you are talking about is that some of the stuff is customer specific. So services and maybe increased IP investments, is that the right way to think about -- the feedback you're getting from your customers? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. I think as you win business with these customers, these are the customers you want us to be winning with, right? And they are doing the most advanced designs. We want to maintain both the technology and the customer support for these, and by the way winning doesn’t mean we are done with the incremental business of these guys, we believe we can focus and expand these opportunities going forward. So I think all those things are important to us and as we look at the business from the long term. 
Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray: And then the IP question that came up in terms of big quarter, and congratulations on that, are there royalty opportunities that we could potentially see down the line as you are starting to see the IP line tick up? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. Obviously royalties are the important part of our revenue in IP business and have been since we acquired Tensilica over a year ago, and that continues. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities:  Good evening. Geoff, for you first. When we look at the results in the quarter by geo, we see that Europe, Japan, and Asia were about flat or slightly up sequentially in each case. But you had an unusually large increase from the second quarter in the Americas. Was that largely tied to the performance in functional verification, possibly including emulation as well, and/or the sequential momentum in IP? 
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, we don’t – we obviously break down the business by the business. And IP and functional verification were very strong, even on an absolute basis almost everybody was up quarter over quarter for us but some guys grew faster. As far as the geo splits between where it grow faster or not, we don't break them down.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: A follow-up on the comment about emulation. You mentioned that the volumes were up, or Lip-Bu, I think, used the word strong. But according to the 10-Q you filed this afternoon, your cost of revenues in that business was -- were up only $2 million year-over-year, the smallest increase of the year-to-date. So even with that small increase in costs against the volume increase, you're still seeing margin degradation in the emulation business? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, I think what we’ve said is year-over-year revenue -- not revenue is up, but volume is up year-over-year. Obviously the revenue has been impacted by the margin business. And you can draw your own conclusions from the cost of goods. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Right. Lip-Bu, in your remarks earlier, you commented on system design enablement as a growth driver for you, and you commented as well about that during the Q&A of the last conference call. And my question there is could you talk about the proportion of your business today coming from what you would call systems customers and how that might evolve over time? And what, if any, are the margin implications of a material shift in the customer base more towards systems, and perhaps away from more traditional semi customers?
Lip-Bu Tan: So good question, so clearly our system design enablement strategy is working. We have executed to that plan and as I mentioned in my remarks, a couple of successful wins in the system side, in the medical, in the mil/aero and automotive. And so we continue to drive success with that, and then clearly the system company, they need a whole suite of requirement, not just tool, not just IP, not just the PCB board, system analysis and also the hardware software co-design, co-verification in a very expanded way. We are in a unique position to provide that to our customer, and that’s why I system companies like our offerings and we will continue to drive some of the success and some of these verticals are very good and as you know their margin, their system and the service providing, they are much broader and much profitable. And clearly the margin over time it should be better than semiconductor. And then overall I think going to help the industry in terms of growing.  So this is a very good excitement for the EDA and the player because this has opened up a new opportunity for the whole system company, and they decided to go vertically integrated and then they provide optimization in every level and so that anything we can provide them to optimize their offering and also time to market is more critical for them. And so this is a very exciting opportunity for all of us. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: And lastly for you, for Lip-Bu. When we follow EDA and when EDA managements talk about the industry, there's often a tendency to fixate on the most advanced nodes, 14-nanometer, you even mentioned 7 nanometer in your remarks. But could you comment on the ongoing consumption or trends of consumption for EDA tools at older, more established, and presumably more cost effective nodes, 28-nanometer and above, for instance, and particularly the role that some of those older nodes may play in enabling high volume new markets, such as Internet of Things, wearables and the like? Should we assume that it won't be the most advanced nodes that will be behind those new types of wearables and other sorts of products? But instead, more of the older type nodes and how you're positioned there? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Jay, this is a very good question, and so besides we mentioned quite a lot about the advanced nodes. And clearly a big chunk of our business is in the older nodes and clearly a lot of analog, pure analog and the mixed signal play, they don’t need to push the envelope on the advanced node. And then some of the older nodes, they have new and application, they need to meet and so they have a lot of different requirement, either high-voltage or some of the more special requirement. We continue to work with them, continue to make sure that those are optimized. And so it’s a very important portion of our business in the analog, we call it the [jewel of caw], that is many many of those customers and we want to make sure that we also – some of the thing that we learn in the advanced node, we can also contribute into the older notes and make them more optimized and then more efficient.  And so I think clearly our announcement with ARM on the collaboration on Internet of Things and wearables are targeting the TSMC ultra low power processors are another example. And clearly the Internet of Things, everybody's excited about that 50 billion units and then – but they have some different requirements, power becomes very important, programmability has become very important but they may not be pushing the most advanced node but some of those nodes they are going to pick and have to be the important and drive some of the optimization for that specific application, we look at the customer, so even though we did not mention it, we also pay a lot of attention to support the customer need on some of these older nodes. 
Operator: Your question comes from the line of Gus Richard with Northland Capital.
Gus Richard - Northland Capital: Thank you for squeezing me in. Just a couple of quick ones. Can you talk -- you talked a little about the pricing environment and emulation. But could you talk about it a little more broadly, and how the environment is these days? 
Lip-Bu Tan: So Gus, your question is more of the emulation environment?
Gus Richard - Northland Capital: No, no, everything but.
Lip-Bu Tan: Oh, the others, okay. So I think overall I think the environment is healthy and the pricing is quite stable. There is a lot of room for growth, as we kind of mentioned that across the board. Digital signoff is a great opportunity, it’s a big [TAM], we are laser focused on that. And clearly our custom analog mixed signal is a great driving growth for us, and they move into the most advanced node, and more applications. Clearly the PCB board, the system analysis has become a very important critical part of their design, and then the verification, a lot of time becomes the bottleneck, and then we have an entire suite from hardware, VIP, all the way to Incisive to higher-level abstraction and also the former verifications that we bought from Jasper is very good tool for a lot of processor and compact SoC. So all in all we see strength across the board and – but more important I think clearly we and our competitors are essentially – very essential to the electronic and the electronic system and so we basically, all of us try to provide the best tool, the best IP, because time to market is way important, the cost of respin is very expensive when you move down the geometry, and so in a way or form we can help them to make their design quicker and faster and more elegant and they find a box earlier in the verification, the hardware emulation, will play a music to the ear and we want to be the partners of choice for them really – optimally our goal is basically help them to design the best product in the best timing fashions, and that’s our job.
Gus Richard - Northland Capital: Let me just ask one other quick one. This morning, GLOBALFOUNDRIES is going to acquire IBM Microelectronics. Does that have any impact on your business? Is it positive? Negative? What do you expect to shake out from that? 
Geoff Ribar: I think it just came out this morning, it’s too early to tell. Clearly we have a very wide diversified customer base, no customer are more than 5% of our revenue, clearly we are engaging and – both IBM and GLOBALFOUNDRIES I think is a win-win for both company. We cannot comment on that but overall I think we pay a lot of attention, we reach out to them and we will learn more about it. But overall we have no customer more than 5% of our revenue, so the impact is not a lot. But meanwhile it’s a new development, clearly it’s good for GLOBALFOUNDRIES in their advanced nodes, and then some of the RF capability. And clearly IBM is a very important customer for us. We continue to support in the transition – we always do that.  So I think overall we just have to learn along the way, it’s too early to tell.
Operator: I will now turn the call over to Cadence’s President and CEO Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing, I would like to recognize our hardworking employees for the results we have achieved, and thank all of our shareholders, customers, and partners for everyone’s continued support and help. Thank you all of you for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Investor Relations Lip-Bu Tan - President and CEO Geoff Ribar - SVP and CFO 
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Chase Monica Garg - Pacific Crest Securities  Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rich Valera - Needham & Company Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems' second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. I will now hand the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, operator, and welcome to our earnings conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2014. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com, and will be archived through September 12, 2014. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. With us today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary statements regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings release issued today. Note that we also filed a second quarter 10-Q this afternoon.  In addition to the financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures.  Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. A copy of today's press release, dated July 21, 2014, for the quarter ended June 28, 2014 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I am pleased with the strong financial results that Cadence delivered in Q2. To summarize, total revenue was $379 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 23%, and operating cash flow was $69 million. Today, we are also making some adjustments to our outlook for the fiscal year, which Geoff will discuss in a few minutes. Before talking about our Q2 highlights, I want to say a few words about the environment and review the key points of our strategy. I’m happy to report that the environment has generally improved since the beginning of the year. Overall, the semiconductor industry is healthier and the growth of system companies is expanding our opportunities. As most of you know, system design enablement is our strategy to deliver the technology necessary for the integrated system and SOC design, with the end product in mind. Core EDA is at the heart of this strategy, and is a great business for us. We are winning with the winning customers, because of our increased focus in areas including digital and advanced [modification.] We are also excited about the high-quality differentiated IP business we are building, and the growth opportunities it offers.  We continue to expand beyond the SOC to provide innovative solutions for system interconnect and analysis; hardware, software codesign; and system-level IP. We aim to expand our leadership in system design enablement by focusing on leading semiconductor and system customers and ecosystem partners, developing or acquiring flagship products in key areas to drive growth and leading at advanced nodes. The success of our strategy is enabled by hiring and nurturing top talent, providing the industry’s best products, and laser focus on customer success. Our strategy is working, and you can see it in our results.  Based on these results, the underlying strength of our business and a review of our capital needs, cash flow, and capital structure, the Cadence board of directors has approved an increase in our stock repurchase plan. Geoff will give details in a few minutes. Now let us review our Q2 highlights. Overall, we continued to grow in Q2, with new business wins in digital and signoff at the most advanced nodes, continued momentum in system design and verification solutions, and progress in our IP business. We also continued to increase our position with current customers and expand into system markets. Key growth drivers include the increase in FinFET and 64 bit mobile design activity. In the digital and signoff space, Cadence continues to make strong advancements with FinFET design. We are well-established with leading customers and foundries at 16, 14 nanometers for production design.  In Q2, we had multiple digital wins. One of our customers, using Cadence IP and implementation tools, [came out with] one of the industry’s first production foundry FinFET designs. In further support of advanced node design, Intel and Cadence announced in June that we are collaborating to support Intel 14 nanometer tri gate process technology to enable customers of Intel custom foundry.  This collaboration includes the delivery of Cadence’s low-power, high-performance LPDDR4 [unintelligible] memory IP on Intel’s 14 nanometer tri gate process. Our leading edge customers are already looking beyond the 16, 14 nanometer node. Development of these nodes requires even tighter collaboration between process and tools. We are deeply engaged with multiple foundry partners at an earlier stage than ever before in the development of 10 nanometer solutions with multiple test chips underway. In the crucial and strategic signoff space, our new products, Tempus and Voltus, are steadily gaining customers in timing and [subpower] signoff. In Q2, we added five new Tempus customers, including Broadcom, which has deployed Tempus in their sub-20 nanometer flow. We now have over 30 Tempus customers, and over 25 Voltus customers, and just last week, we introduced another new signoff product for parasitic abstraction, Quantus QRC, which leverages a new massive parallel architecture for fast and accurate performance on large digital designs. Quantus QRC is already foundry certified at advanced nodes. Now let us turn to system design and verification, where our solution helps customers with one of their top concerns, reducing time to market while ensuring correct functionality. In Q2, Cadence continued to innovate and invest heavily in this critical space.  We completed the acquisition of Jasper Design Automation. Jasper offers the leading solution for high-level formal analysis. Formal analysis is a mathematical approach to verification that complements our simulation and emulation solutions. High-level formal analysis has become a must-have solution for the development of complex SOC and application processes. Jasper expands the Cadence system development suite, which is the most comprehensive suite of verification solutions available. Our customers love the acquisition and we have hit the ground running. In Q2, we became the first EDA partner to get access to the ARMv8 64-bit architecture. We also introduced the Protium FPGA-based rapid prototyping platform for embedded software development.  For our hardware business, customer demand for Palladium remains strong, especially in the mobile sector, driven by the move to FinFET and 64 bit design. Shipments were up in the first half of the year as we continued to add new customers and expand Palladium installations with our largest customers. However, as we pointed out on prior calls, competitive pressure has increased in the emulation market, and is impacting our gross margin. Geoff will discuss the impact of this on our outlook in a few minutes. Palladium is the cornerstone of our system development suite, which is the industry-leading solution for addressing the challenges of both verification and hardware-software convergence. Palladium remains the most advanced and proven product on the market. We are building on this flagship product to development a new, innovative use model that brings tremendous value to our customers, such as Palladium hybrids, which dramatically reduce time to market. We are not only proliferating strongly within the top customers, but we are expanding our customer base as well into new verticals. Another critical component of our system design enablement strategy is our IP, which is a key growth driver for Cadence going forward. The integration of our 2013 acquisitions is progressing well, and our expanded IP portfolio is opening doors to more business with leading systems and semiconductor companies. In Q2, we continued to introduce new IP and VIP products, including memory modules for the 3D hybrid memory cube, the industry’s first VIP for PCI Express Gen Four and silicon proven DDR4 IP for both the 28 nanometer FDSOI process and for the TSMC 16 nanometer FinFET process. So now, in summary, Cadence continued to drive growth and innovation in Q2. Our system design enablement strategy is working and is producing strong results. We continue to win new business in digital and signoff at the most advanced nodes. We completed the Jasper acquisition and it’s being very well received by customers. We continue to innovate new products. This quarter, we released new products in signoff, system design and verification, [mixed] signal simulation, and IP. Our products and services have strong momentum in both system and semiconductor customers. I am pleased with our current results and excited about the opportunities in front of us. Now, I will turn the call over to Geoff to review the financial results and provide our outlook. 
Geoff Ribar: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. Now, I will review the results for the second quarter, present our outlook for Q3, and update our outlook for 2014.  Cadence produced strong operating results in Q2. Total revenue was $379 million, up slightly from the prior quarter, compared to $362 million for the year ago quarter. Revenue mix for the geographies was 44% for the Americas, 23% for Asia, 22% for EMEA, and 11% for Japan. Revenue mix by the product group was 21% for functional verification, 30% for digital IC design and signoff, 28% for custom IC design, 11% for system interconnect and analysis, and 10% for IP. Total costs and expenses on a non-GAAP basis were $290 million, compared to $295 million for Q1 and $277 million for the year ago quarter. In Q2, we incurred a $10 million gap charge for our voluntary retirement program that will provide cost savings going forward. Headcount was 6,044, up 209 from Q1, attributable to hiring in R&D and technical field positions and the acquisition of Jasper Design Automation. Non-GAAP operating margin was 23% , compared to 22% for Q1 and 24% for the year ago quarter. GAAP net income per share was $0.08, non-GAAP net income per share was $0.21 compared to $0.20 for Q1 and $0.21 for the year ago quarter. Operating cash flow was $69 million, compared to $28 million for Q1 and $75 million for the year ago quarter. Total DSOs was 26 days, compared to 27 for Q1 and 24 for the year ago quarter.  Capital expenditures were $11 million. Cash and short-term investments were $655 million at quarter end, compared to $630 million for the prior quarter.  During the quarter, we used $136 million of cash for acquisitions. We repurchased 768,000 shares for $12.5 million. We borrowed $100 million on our revolving credit facility to help fund the Jasper acquisition. Approximately 16%, or $107 million, of our cash and short-term investments were in the U.S. at quarter end. Weighted average contract life was 2.2 years. This was lower than our expected range of 2.4 to 2.6 for the year, due to customer mix. We expect weighted average contract life to be in the 2.4 to 2.6 year range for the year. In June, we completed the Jasper acquisition. The final purchase price was approximately $168 million, after adjustments for transaction cost and working capital. The total net cash outlay will be approximately $140 million. We expect Jasper to have an immaterial impact on non-GAAP EPS in 2014, due to merger accounting, and to be accretive in 2015. Now let’s address outlook for the third quarter of 2014, which includes Jasper Design Automation. Overall for the year, we now expect stronger software revenue and weaker hardware revenue compared with our initial guidance for 2014. As we pointed out on prior earnings calls, and again today, hardware margins are under competitive pressure, and this is impacting our outlook. For Q3, we expect revenue to be in the range of $390 million to $400 million. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 26%. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.13 to $0.15, and non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.23 to $0.25. Now for our fiscal 2014 outlook. Bookings are projected to be in the range of $1.75 billion to $1.8 billion, compared to our prior outlook of $1.725 to $1.775 billion. This increase is largely due to the addition of Jasper and secondarily due to stronger software bookings. We expect weighted average contract life in the range of 2.4 years to 2.6 years, and we expect at least 90% of the revenue for the year to be recurring in nature. Revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.57 billion to $1.59 billion compared to the prior outlook of $1.55 billion to $1.59 billion. This increase is also primarily due to the addition of Jasper. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be 25% to 26% on an annual basis. This is down from our previous expectation of approximately 26%, primarily due to lower hardware gross margins. Non-GAAP and other income and expense is expected to be in the range of negative $15 million to negative $9 million. We are assuming a non-GAAP tax rate of 26% and weighted average shares outstanding of 304 million to 310 million shares for the year. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.48 to $0.56. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.90 to $0.98. This is down from our previous range of $0.92 to $1.02 due to lower hardware gross margins and higher expected diluted share count, resulting from the impact of the higher share price on the dilution from our 2015 convertible notes. We expect OCF to be in the range of $305 million to $335 million. This is down from our previous range of $335 million to $365 million, primarily due to the impact of the voluntary retirement program, the deferred revenue impact from Jasper, and lower hardware gross margins.  Our DSO forecast is approximately 30 days. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $40 million. As you saw in our earnings press release today, our board of directors made an important decision which reinforces our commitment to delivering value to our shareholders. Our board of directors has improved an increase in the rate of repurchase under our stock repurchase plan.  The new plan, which replaces the old plan, authorized the repurchase of $300 million over two years. Cadence expects to repurchase approximately $37.5 million of common stock per quarter under the new plan, beginning with the third quarter of 2014. The board made its decision based on the underlying strength of the business, a review of the company’s capital needs, cash flow, and the capital structure. So with that, operator, we’ll now take any questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Question first about the Jasper acquisition. When you bought Tensilica a year ago, you were providing then for 2013 the incremental revenues and bookings you were expecting from Tensilica. We’re hoping now that perhaps for Jasper you’ll do something similar for 2014 in terms of the incremental bookings and revenue contribution. Also, with respect to the duration of only 2.2 years, that’s unusually low. Could you elaborate at all on the customer mix in terms of any geographic or product component that weighed on the duration?
Geoff Ribar : On Jasper, I think as we said, the majority of the bookings increase and revenue increase was related to Jasper. I’m pretty sure you can do the math on that. Happy to help, but I think you’ve got the basic components. The 2.1 to 2.2 is really just a mix in the current quarter. We don’t expect any change for the year, and nothing unusual happened, from our perspective.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities : Over the last couple of years, the company has had some good momentum in a number of areas, including system interconnect or PCB, custom IC, and hardware, including the last quarter, albeit at the expense of margin. When you look out over the next couple of years, or beyond, what do you think might be, from a product perspective, the next big thing or things, as incremental growth drivers.  For instance, last month at [DEC], we heard, in various Cadence presentations, frequent references to free silicon and front end as technical areas of interest for you. You’ve mentioned signoff a number of times today. What do you think, aside from the areas we already talked about, might be the next particularly incremental areas for you for revenue? 
Lip-Bu Tan : A couple of points to just highlight. First of all, as you mentioned, we are moving toward a system design enablement approach, and basically it’s really driving the system design approach based on the view on EDA, on the system level view, providing the true IP software packaging board assembly and the system-level IP. So, really looking at the entire system and product in mind. With that, EDA is really the heart of it, and we are doubled down and laser focused on that. We have a whole series of good products coming out in the signoff area, like Tempus/Voltus, and now we announced the Quantus. And clearly we continue to drive significant improvement in the digital front.  And then likewise, we have also doubled and tripled down on the verification side, because that is where the time to market challenges are, and that’s also the complexity of the design. And then we have that whole development verification suite that includes all the way from hardware, and the formal analysis, like the Jasper, that is very relevant to us. A lot of complex SOC and processor related design is a must-have, and we really strengthened that. And we also have also very significantly improved the [incisive] part. In fact, this Q2 is one of the best quarters for us. And all in all, it ties in to the design and verification approach. And then with that, clearly we have a really strong foundation, especially in the digital front. We have a lot of design wins, along that direction, and meanwhile, mixed signal is the digital and analog combined, and then optimized for that. We’re making great progress with the EDA. A lot of momentum, customer signup for it, and that continues to drive differentiation in the mixed signal. As you know, most of the SOCs are mixed signal related, and that really plays into our strength. I think IP also is a driving engine for us. So all in all, I think clearly we are excited about EDA industry, growing faster than the overall semiconductor industry. We believe we can outgrow the industry based on our leadership position in various EDA products and also extend into the system level applications. So overall, we are optimistic in our product offering.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities : As I’m sure you know, Synopsis with IC Compiler 2 is introducing the idea of node-based pricing. A range of functionality and capacity according to the node usage by their customers. Is that sort of node-based pricing perhaps only in digital IC, if not elsewhere, something that might be of interest for you as well?
Lip-Bu Tan : I think first of all, we pay a lot of attention on the ICC2 and their announcement. And they are very strong competitors. We always respect them. And meanwhile, we continue to focus on our offering, especially in the digital front.  Clearly, we’re making great progress in the digital front. Our commitment into the FinFET design, and clearly we have multiple wins in the digital front. And then we mentioned about one customers using the Cadence IP and implementation tool to drive the industry’s first production foundry FinFET design. And currently, we have over 25 new FinFET design projects underway in Q2, and then we are already starting with multiple foundry partners on 10 nanometer. And clearly the signoff, as I mentioned in my script, Tempus at more than 30 customers signed up for it and Voltus, 25. And then the Broadcom and a few others. And then with the Quantus coming up. So all in all, we are kind of focused on innovation, focused on customer wins, and then focused on the advanced node. And we will continue to just focus on execution and then make our customers successful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson : First, I guess Geoff, you talked about the midpoint of the EPS guidance for the full year going down. Say it’s going down from 97 to 94. So you talked about the hardware margins being a little impactful there, the share count. But I didn’t necessarily hear you say what part Jasper plays in that.
Geoff Ribar : Yeah, Jasper’s immaterial on the results for 2014, and it’s immaterial because of the merger accounting and the deferred revenue impact on the merger accounting. So the two issues are mostly the gross margin on hardware, and secondly, the increased share count related to the calculated dilution on the convertible notes.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson : How long do you think it typically takes from a quarter basis to get to kind of the full operating model from Jasper? Is that a 3-4 quarter trend?
Geoff Ribar : Yeah, it depends on the particular acquisition and the particular makeup of their deferred revenue. So it will take some time. We said 2015 will be accretive for Jasper. I think that’s probably the most important factor.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson : And then maybe just a quick thought process on why you increased the share repurchase versus maybe the initiation of a dividend. What were the pros and cons?
Geoff Ribar : You know, our board and our management team goes through a process of looking at our capital needs, our cash flow, and basically we decided that we were going to do the stock repurchase. We don’t want to discuss obviously the details of that calculation, but again, we’re quite comfortable with our cash flow, quite comfortable with our business, and so comfortable with proceeding with what we did.
Lip-Bu Tan : Clearly as you heard from us, system design enablement, the strategy we have and we are executing toward that. We have a lot of momentum. And like Geoff mentioned earlier, we looked at the capital requirements, looked at the cash flow. We have a very strong cash flow going forward, and we discussed with our board. We felt that this is the right thing to do in terms of buying back more shares, and that serves the shareholders well. And that’s kind of our decision.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson : Also, when you gave the $37.5 million per quarter number, does that mean you’re going to try to be fairly linear with the spend, or are you still going to be opportunistic?
Geoff Ribar : Yes, we are.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson : But you talked about how the environment has improved since the beginning of the year, with a couple of different customer sets. It looks like that hasn’t really translated into the guidance for the full year at all. Maybe you could talk about that, how these trends play out over time, and when you would think you’d see some kind of an increase to your bottom line?
Lip-Bu Tan : I think a couple of things. I mentioned earlier in the environment, overall it’s good, because of mobile, video, wearables, internet of things, and cloud. And also the design complexity. And then the other part, because of our much improved product portfolio, and we are excited, looking forward. And also, we have a lot of momentum and wins in the digital verification. And also, Jasper is a wonderful acquisition. Great talent has come onboard. It’s a must-have.  And so overall, I think we positive on the overall view, and then meanwhile, as you know, this is a [ratable] business, and sometimes hardware and IP are a little bit lumpy. But overall, I think we continue to execute, to plan. We like what we see, and we just have to be very focused on execution and win the customer and support them in their success.
Geoff Ribar : And Tom, just to be clear, our software is ahead of our plan, from the end of the year to now.
Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson : And then maybe finally, just an update on Japan? It’s been a bit of a headwind over the last many quarters. It sounds like it’s stabilized a bit, but maybe a little more color?
Geoff Ribar : Yeah, I mean, Japan is going to fluctuate, as I think we said a couple of quarters in a row. It’s kind of bumping along on the bottom, and we’ve seen it stabilize. But there’s going to be some fluctuations from quarter to quarter with us for Japan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Chase : A couple of questions. One, just start off administrative-wise. Geoff, can you repeat the cash flow guidance that you gave, and the rationale behind it?
Geoff Ribar : Yeah, the cash flow guidance is down about $30 million at midpoint. The three major items that are playing into that are Jasper is certainly playing in. Again, we have deferred revenue. We collected that cash up front, but we have expenses. Secondly, the voluntary retirement program. And the third is the gross margin impact on the hardware business.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Chase & Company : What was the voluntary part of that again?
Geoff Ribar : We did a voluntary retirement program here in the U.S. to allow people to take a voluntary retirement. It will benefit our expenses on a go forward basis.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Chase & Company : The gross margin on the hardware side, how much of this is just where you are in the product cycle, and is there anything to read into here that you’re talking about lower gross margins for the back half? Does that suggest that either the timing of the next upgrade has shifted or that you would expect hardware gross margins to continue to be under pressure at whatever time the new version does come out?
Geoff Ribar : I’ll start, and then Lip-Bu will take the rest of the question. Our hardware business has actually continued to be pretty strong. We’ve taken some deals that we think make a lot of sense to us, from top customers, and foreign customers. And you know, we’ve actually shipped more volume than we’ve done previously in the first half of the year. We expect to ship more in the second half of the year. But the business is competitive, and we’ve seen some pricing pressure, and that is impacting overall revenue for hardware, which will be down slightly this year, and margins. 
Lip-Bu Tan : I think just a few things to add. First of all, the Palladium XP2, released less than one year ago, shipping in high volumes. And then the XP2, we have significantly better performance and productivity advantage. And then we continue to drive success in our top customer and also system and also some of the new verticals.  And so I think we continue to do well. In fact, the first half is up. And then we put together really top talent and driving this whole complex supercomputer platform. And then our new platform is on our way, and we are excited about it, but meanwhile, we are focused on selling our Palladium XP2 and when the time comes, we will announce our new products.  But so far, we’ve been laser focused on selling and supporting our customers. Clearly, the top tier customer, we continue to increase and we add on, and so overall, it’s a very important platform and it ties in very well into our system development suite. And that has continued to clearly proliferate towards the system and also some of the new verticals. 
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Chase & Company : Lip-Bu, you mentioned a number of times some initial design wins as well as both power… So both Tempus and Voltus. And just wondering if you could describe what you think the market share dynamics in those segments are looking at? In other words, are you picking up incremental new customers? Or are these expansions within existing customers?
Lip-Bu Tan : I think digital is a very important focus for us, and clearly some of the new products we announced in the signoff, Tempus is very well received, Voltus is very well received. And we just announced the Quantus in the QRC side. And clearly, we have a lot of adoptions. Tempus, over 30. And then the Voltus is over 25.  And then clearly, we mentioned last quarter we have won big wins, and in terms of the design flow in the digital, we continue to have that, and we have multiple new design wins, because clearly, our product is coming up really, really strong. And then also, tying in with our advanced nodes, in the 16, 14, now moving into 10 nanometer. So clearly, it’s an area that we are really focused on, and then also tie into the custom analog, mixed signal. And that’s why I think too it will play into our strength, and most of the SOC are mixed signal. And the other part of the equation that helps us a lot is in the ARM, relationship. Clearly, the 64-bit deployment and a lot of customers are engaging, and that gives us a lot of window into our performance, and then leading to some of the digital [displacements]. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Monica Garg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Monica Garg - Pacific Crest Securities : My first question is, you heard about Broadcom’s decision to sell the baseband unit. Could you maybe talk about if that has any impact on your business?
Lip-Bu Tan : I think clearly we are not going to comment on any of our specific customer business or strategy. And so I think we’ll stop right there.
Monica Garg - Pacific Crest Securities : Then Lip-Bu, you talked about [FDSOI] model and design in your comment. Could you maybe talk about the design activity you are seeing in the FDSOI area? And then does it impact in any positive way your business?
Lip-Bu Tan : Clearly, we are engaging with our foundries and then based on the customer requirements. So we work very intensively with our customer. If the customer decided to go advanced node in FinFET we support them to [unintelligible] that with the foundry partners. If they decided to move on to the FDSOI, we clearly support that. In my remarks, I mentioned about the DDR4, because of customer requirements, moving to the FDSOI process, and we definitely support and enable that.
Monica Garg - Pacific Crest Securities : If I heard it correctly, you talked about a Palladium hybrid product in your comments.
Lip-Bu Tan : That’s correct.
Monica Garg - Pacific Crest Securities : Could you maybe kind of talk about what is that product?
Lip-Bu Tan : Sure, happy to share with you. This is the newest user model, to help the customer more. It basically provided our Palladium engine and platform, extended into the hybrid. That basically enabled a better processor software development. So in a way, while your silicon is still in development, you can start using our Palladium model to apply into the OS, the firmware, the software stack, and so in a way, you save a couple of months.  You know, one of the customer highlighted that it saved them six months in terms of the codesign hardware and software together. And that is a huge, huge time to market advantage for the customer. And we introduced that, and a couple of key customers love it. We embrace and are helping support them. Anything to save them on time to market is huge for them. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: I just had a follow up on your Tempus and Voltus wins. Can you give us more color as to the accounts where you’re getting the wins? What’s the driver? Is it new evaluation, or you’re just displacing a competitor?
Lip-Bu Tan : I think a couple of things. One, these are very new products we announced, in the later part of last year. This is massive parallelism, and then scale all the way to 100 CPU. We introduced them in the later part of last year. The response has been overwhelmingly positive, and on the Tempus side, we have over 30 customers, paying customers, and they are engaging heavily on their signoff. Same thing with Voltus. If I recall correctly, we introduced that in Q4 of last year, and we already have more than 25 customers using it. This is very significant. And then thirdly, we just announced our QRC. This is the abstraction offering on the signoff, and it’s also massive parallel architecture. This is very important. Customers right now are evaluating it.  And so I think we are really focused on the digital platform, initially focused on signoff, and then now we are working on the next generation in the digital implementation, place [unintelligible] and synthesis. Stay tuned, and we’re going to have a lot more exciting coming up. And we doubled, tripled down on the digital implementation side. And customers love it, and we highlighted one of the Tempus users is Broadcom, in their sub-20 nanometer floor, and this is very significant. So I think we are making great inroads into the digital front.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets : If I can just follow up on that one. I mean, if I look at the timing signoff, I mean, [unintelligible], and I don’t know what the market size is, can you give us a sense of are you talking about the power signoff and timing signoff, what the market sizes are, and what part of market can you have in, let’s say, a couple of years. I’m sure that for the timing signoff, you’re starting from a very low basis. And some sense of the dollar number will be very, very helpful.
Lip-Bu Tan : I think clearly it’s a big [term], and digital and mix signal also impact into the whole mixed signal design. And so all in all, we only provide right now the 2014 guidance. But clearly, it’s a big opportunity, and that’s why we could recruit all the best talent we can find in the marketplace. And this is very critical in terms of the digital design implement. And it’s a big [time] market, as I can say.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : Number one, Geoff, you mentioned that the gross margins were down due to hardware. Is it over a couple of customers? Is it more than one or two customers that’s bringing down the hardware gross margins?
Geoff Ribar : Yeah, we just said generally that the business is competitive on the gross margin perspective. Again, we’re quite happy with the deals we’re taking. We think the deals make sense and are with great customers. But you know, the market’s competitive. We haven’t given specifics on which customers, etc.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : So I mean, it’s not a complete surprise that hardware is dilutive to gross margin. But if I take a longer term view, if you’re going to get more footprint and systems, how will your gross margin and operating margins trend over the next few years as you get more systems footprint?
Geoff Ribar : Yeah, we’re only guiding 2014 right now. We’ll give you more view when we guide 2015 in the January timeframe.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : I think you guys kind of highlighted how emulation is being used by the software guys. It looks like it’s being used to that software. Is the primary requirement for emulator to be used to bring software up, is it primarily just throughput, or is there something else too?
Lip-Bu Tan : A couple of points. Clearly, the hardware emulation is very good for verification, finding bugs in the design, in a very effective way. And then meanwhile, we mentioned this Palladium hybrid. Actually, it’s helping us on the software side, so we can develop faster on that. And then we’ve also just announced Protium. This is the FPGA offering.  And so I think this is something that will tie in very well with our entire system development suite. And this is critical in terms of time to market for our customers. It’s a fast-growing area. You know, Jasper is a great acquisition for us, because of all the complex SOC, that are processor related. And it’s a must have. Customers request us to buy that. And so I think we tied it all together on the whole verification suite of offerings.  
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : Early in the year, it seemed like there was quite a bit of challenges with FinFET. And if you talk to different folks, it seems like, depending on whom you speak to, it’s either improving or it’s still status quo in terms of the performance. Can you help characterize, over the last six months, how do you describe the progress in FinFET and the program in FDSOI. I’m just trying to get a sense of are they mutually exclusive, or as FinFET gets delayed more, is it going to be more focused on FDSOI? 
Lip-Bu Tan : It’s a very good question, and in fact you will get different answers from different customers. But I think we’re very much focused on working with our leading customers, the winning customers. And clearly, FinFET is the way to go in the advanced nodes, and in the 14, 16, and 10 nanometer.  And so a couple of our key customers requested us to support them. And that’s why we have more than 25 new FinFET design projects with our leading customer. And in Q2, we see the development activity increased a lot on that.  And then saying that, you know, we also had a couple of customers decide to use the FDSOI for the 28 and 20 and then some go beyond that. So I think we are open minded, and we don’t have any buyers, one way or the other.  Our optimal objective is to serve our customer in terms of the most complex design, and then make it optimized for the foundry that they select, and then we work with the foundry partners to make sure that we provide the most high-yield performance based on our design tool in IP. That’s the most important. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Geoff, just wanted to clarify that you said that the mix had actually shifted toward software and away from revenue, broadly speaking, in your business. Is that correct?
Geoff Ribar : It shifted to software revenue from hardware revenue. Hardware revenue would be a little bit down this year.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company : Right. So all things equal, that should have a positive impact on margins, but obviously you’re guiding the other way. So I guess the pricing pressure in hardware is actually more than offsetting that mix shift. Is that a fair statement?
Geoff Ribar : That’s correct.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company : And then a lot of questions around the hardware margin. And I think as I understand it in emulation, it’s sort of pretty straightforward that the cost per gate in emulation is directly tied, generally speaking, to the silicon in the box. So if you come out with a next-generation box, generally you have much higher density silicon. And I don’t want to put words in your mouth, but it’s something just substantially higher density. That brings down your cost per gate quite a bit, and so sort of mathematically... Get your thoughts on that. \
Geoff Ribar : We’re obviously not guiding 2015 at this stage, but yes, that’s the general Moore’s Law benefit of semiconductors. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company : Is there any reason to think that you’re going to have a next-generation box. You’ve acknowledged that. You’re going to have next-gen chips in that. The margins on that shouldn’t be materially better than the margins you’re getting today on hardware. I know you don’t want to get specific, but it’s just axiomatic that it should be.
Geoff Ribar : Rich, we’ll talk about that in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with Piper Jaffray. 
Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray: I wanted to follow up on the FinFET FDSOI discussion. It sounds like your design projects accelerated in Q2. I think you said 25 new since that project. And I was wondering, in listening to some of the equipment companies recently, it sounds like foundry ramps of 16, 14 nanometer nodes are a little bit slower than previously anticipated. But you haven’t seen that yet in actual design activity. Do you think at this point this something that could cause some short term impact, or is this just been a longer term trend that plays itself out and the longer term trend is up and to the right. Would love to hear your thoughts on that.
Lip-Bu Tan : We watch that very closely. Clearly, we heard some of the foundries’ announcements in terms of delay. And meanwhile, on the design front, it’s always ahead enough that manufacturing, we see the increase in the design activities, especially in the 64 bit related area, and also the FinFET customer engagement has increased. I think over time, clearly, the volume production will be sometime next year.  And clearly, the leading foundries are very focused on getting that done. And a lot of customers depend on that. So I think I’m optimistic that things will work out. And clearly, the foundry partners are very, very focused on that, and make sure that yield and performance. The test shipment of the [involvement] in the design, in activity, increased, at least from our visibility. 
Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray : On the FDSOI side, you talked about 28 nanometer obviously, and some of the IP that you’re bringing to market. You talked about 20 nanometer. I’m wondering, recently with some of the activity that you’re seeing out there, has there been discussions or requests to you to start thinking about and creating libraries for 14 nanometer FDSOI?
Lip-Bu Tan : The answer to you is yes. We have customers request that. We are working with them. And so clearly, supporting the customer success is the most important for us. Make sure that our [unintelligible] and IP optimized for that process and that approach. And clearly, the customer has demand us for doing it. Clearly we are supporting that, and so to answer your question, yes, there is an increase in the activity of FDSOI.
Operator: And that was our final question. I will now turn the call over to Cadence’s president and CEO, Lip-Bu Tan, for closing remarks. 
Lip-Bu Tan : In closing, I would like to recognize our hardworking employees for the results we have achieved. And thanks all of our shareholders, customers, and partners for everyone’s continued support. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Investor Relations Lip-Bu Tan - President and CEO Geoff Ribar - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Tom Diffely - DA Davidson Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Richard Valera - Needham and Company
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mark, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems' First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I will now hand the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, operator, and welcome to our earnings call for the first quarter of fiscal 2014. The web cast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com and will be archived through June 13, 2014. A copy of today's prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. With us today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking comments in the earnings and press release announcing the definitive agreement to acquire Jasper Design Automation, issued today. I also want to point out that we filed our first quarter 10-Q this afternoon. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. A copy of today's press release, dated April 21, 2014 for the quarter ended March 29, 2014 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us today. In the first quarter, Cadence produced solid results, and we will discuss them in detail in a few minutes, and I will also give some thoughts about the exciting acquisition that we announced today of Jasper Design Automation. But first, I would like to take a quick moment to talk a bit about where we have been as a company, and where we are going. Q1 2014 marked five years since I was pleasured [ph] to become the CEO of Cadence, so I want to take stock of what we have accomplished, and our vision for the future. I am humbled and very grateful for all the support that I received from our employees, customers, partners, and shareholders over those five years. In January 2009, the world was trying to see its way out of the worst financial crisis, since the Great Depression, and Cadence was struggling on many fronts. Since that time, we have focused on growing our core EDA business, by delivering differentiations and value to our customers; growing in the new areas to expand our portfolio of businesses, and driving sustainable profitability. We measure ourselves in several ways, and believe we have achieved success in these areas; shareholder returns, revenue, margin and cash flow growth, innovation, and building and growing our new businesses. At the same time, as you know, our space is highly competitive, and leadership and continue to provide the best solutions, being first to market, delivering a growing set of innovative solutions to serve our customer's evolving needs and having the scale to do these things efficiently and economically. Leadership in our space requires continuous investment in R&D, to meet our customer's broad and complex demands. Our R&D teams have recently come through with exciting innovations on many fronts, including Tempus, for our static timing analysis; Voltus, for power analysis; Spectre XPS for fast simulation; and Palladium XP II for innovation in hardware, to name just a few. We are able to fund our growth initiatives, to create value for our shareholders; including responding to attractive acquisition opportunities that support and advance our strategy through our strong free cash flow and solid balance sheet. To that end, our capital management priorities, as we have said many times in the past, are to meet the needs of our ongoing business, plan for the maturity of our existing convertible debt, invest in the highest return opportunities, and return cash to shareholders, when its appropriate. We regularly reveal our capital structure, taking into consideration their appropriate levels of leverage in the cyclical business, our need for capital to grow, and opportunity to return cash to shareholders. You can see the success of our strategy in our results. From 2009 to 2013, revenue grew 71%. Non-GAAP operating margin expanded from near zero to 24%, and operating cash flow grew from just $26 million to $368 million, and stock price has responded, increasing 283% from the beginning of 2009 to the end of 2013. So we have much to be proud of, but we are humble and energized, because there is so much left to be done, to drive the future of innovation. Now I would like to turn on our focus to our announcement today, regarding Jasper, then Q1 and the future. I want to start by telling you that we are very pleased, that we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Jasper Design Automation. The proposed acquisition is an important step for us to meet our customers' growing need for more comprehensive solutions to the verification challenge. More than ever, design verification is a critical factor for time-to-market, driven by increasing IT design and integration complexity. This has made verification the top development challenge, representing 70% of the cost of developing system-on-a-chip and is driving customers to adopt multiple complementary verification approaches, including formal analysis. Jasper provides the leading solution for high-level formal analysis, which is the fastest growing segment of verification. Jasper will complement our metric-driven verification flow and support ARM-based SoC verification. Jasper has a strong presence among top systems, semiconductor and IP companies, and several of those companies -- these companies, specifically requested us to add Jasper to our team. We believe the technologies of Cadence and Jasper together can accelerate the growth of the emerging formal analysis segment, as it moves beyond expert user applications towards mainstream verification. Jasper brings solid strong formal verification expertise and a very talented team, with real world experience. Now, let us turn to first quarter; Cadence delivered solid operating results. Revenue was $379 million, non-GAAP operating margin was 22%, and operating cash flow was $28 million. The environment remains mixed, with pockets of both strengths and weaknesses in semiconductors, combined with uncertain global macroeconomic conditions. Despite the challenges and uncertainty, design activity is good, and customers continue to deploy new technology. Now let us review the highlights, starting with system design and verification. To help meet the verification challenges I mentioned earlier, we continue to expand our system design suite. We also expanded our integrated solutions, with the introductions of Incisive V Manager, which adds enterprise level timing and management capabilities for faster metric-drive verification closure. High level synthesis is another fast growing emerging segment, with increased production use by leading companies. In Q1, we expanded this solution with the acquisition of Forte Design Systems, and the integration is progressing well. Palladium usage for mobile applications continued to grow this quarter, especially in Asia, with companies such as MediaTek and Spectrum. Given such highly competitive solutions for digital implementation and Signoff for mainstream 28-nanometer, advanced 20-nanometer and 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer FinFET nodes. This quarter, we are rapidly gaining momentum with FinFET designs. TSMC announced that Cadence Digital Signoff and Custom/Analog Tools have received full certificate for their 16-nanometer FinFET process. Customers started over 20 new FinFET design projects with our digital implementation and Signoff tools in Q1. We are winning, because our solution provides the best power performance area for better processor designs, in mobile and wireless applications. We won a major competitive replacement at the large consumer electronics company, who decided to adopt the full Cadence Tool RTL to Signoff for multiple FinFET production designs, that should be in silicon, later this year. Our new Signoff tools, Tempus and Voltus continue to gain strong traction. Over 20 customers are now using Tempus for timing Signoff and Voltus, which just came out in November, already has over 10 customers. Highlights for IPs in products, record bookings for the verification IP; introductions of new V-IP for several of the latest protocols for the mobile and server markets, and Tensilica continues to introduce steady flow of new products, including new imaging and video processor core, which provides up to four times better performance than the previous version. These highlights of the first quarter show the progress we are making on our strategy of creating shareholder value, by continuing to develop and introduce innovative new products and thoughtfully executing acquisitions. The Q1 highlights also underscore the progress we are making in the strategic path I outlined for you at the beginning of this call. Specifically, our strategy is to be the leading system design enablement company, by delivering a growing set of solutions to the expanding customer base for system and SoC design. Focusing on leading customers and ecosystem partners; developing and acquiring flagship products in key areas; leading advanced notes and generating high quality differentiated IP portfolio. I can say that I for one, am a big believer in this strategy, as evident by my consistent purchase of our shares during my tenure as CEO. With that, let me turn it over to Geoff.
Geoff Ribar: Thanks Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. I will now review the results for the first quarter, present outlook for Q2, update our outlook for 2014. Cadence again produced strong operating results in Q1. Total revenue was $379 million, compared to $377 million for Q4 and $354 million for the year ago quarter. The revenue mix for the geographies was 45% for Americas, 23% for Asia, 20% for EMEA and 12% for Japan. The revenue mix by product group was 23% for functional verification, 30% for digital IC design and Signoff, 27% for custom IC design, 10% for system interconnected analysis and 10% for IP. Note that we are now breaking out IP, which includes verification IP. The digital design and Signoff includes our DFM products. Functional verification includes high level synthesis and emulation hardware. System interconnect and analysis includes our printed circuit board, IC package and security analysis tools. Total costs and expenses on a non-GAAP basis were $295 million, compared to $282 million for Q4 and $270 million for the year ago quarter. Q1 headcount was 5,835, up 101 from Q4, due to hiring and R&D and technical field positions and acquisitions. Non-GAAP operating margin was 22% compared to 25% for Q4 and 24% for the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin was down from Q4, primarily due to the seasonal impact of payroll taxes.  GAAP net income per share was $0.11. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.20 compared to $0.23 for Q4 and $0.21 for the year ago quarter. Operating cash flow was $28 million compared to $119 million for Q4 and $75 million for the year ago quarter. Q1 operating cash flow was lower than expected due to the timing of receipts and disbursements. Total DSOs was 27 days, compared to 27 days for Q4 and 20 days for the year ago quarter. Capital expenditures were $6 million. Cash and short term investments were $630 million at quarter end, compared to $633 million for the prior quarter end. During the quarter, we paid $27 million for acquisitions, repurchased 827,000 shares for $12.5 million. Approximately 17% of our cash was in the U.S. at quarter end. Weighted average contract life was 2.4 years. Today, we announced the proposed acquisition of Jasper Design Automation for approximately $170 million or approximately $146 million net of an estimated $24 million of cash, cash equivalents and short term investments acquired. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2014, subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approval. We will fund acquisition with cash on hand and access to our revolving credit facility. Jasper's revenue for 2013 was $28 million, with a compounded annual growth rate of over 25% for the past several years. We expect this transaction to be accretive to non-GAAP earnings per share in fiscal 2015 after merger related accounting; because we have not yet closed, we will discuss the impact in 2014 earnings per share and update our outlook for Jasper on our Q2 earnings call. Now let's address our outlook for the second quarter of 2014 and fiscal 2014, which does not include any impact of the proposed Jasper acquisition. For Q2, we expect revenue to be in the range of $370 million to $380 million. During Q1 however, gross margins were pressured due to increasing competition, and this trend will likely continue. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 22%. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.10 to $0.12 and non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.19 to $0.21. Now for outlook for fiscal 2014; bookings are projected to be in the range of $1.725 billion to $1.775 billion. We expect weighted average contract life in the range of 2.4 to 2.6 years, and we expect at least 90% of revenue for the year to be recurring in nature, as well as about at least 90% of our orders under ratable arrangements for the year. Revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.55 billion to $1.59 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 26% on an annual basis. Non-GAAP other income and expense is expected to be in the range of negative $15 million to negative $9 million. We are assuming a non-GAAP tax rate of 26% and weighted average shares outstanding of 300 million to 308 million shares for the year. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.56 to $0.66 and non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.92 to $1.02. We expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $335 million to $365 million. Our DSO forecast is approximately 30 days. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $40 million. So with that, operator, we will now take any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with Jaffray.
Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray: Thank you. Geoff, to circle back a bit on the guidance, obviously the full year revenue guidance is unchanged, but when I am looking at Q2, on a sequential basis, the midpoint is down, and that hasn't happened for a number of years. So I am just wondering, if there are any moving parts this year that are creating back-end weighted?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah Ruben, as we said in the last quarter call, we now expect a certain amount of lumpiness in our business related to the fact that hardware and IP, both have revenue recognition that's upfront, as both businesses have become an increasingly important part of our business, that we will have some lumpiness. Again, I think its important, as you noted, that we reiterated revenue for the year.
Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Good enough. Thanks Jeff. And then, just quickly for a look-through [ph] on the Jasper technology, I was wondering if you could just may be talk a little bit about -- if there are specific, you mentioned some customers were asking that this complementary technology would be good to add. I am wondering if there are specific end markets or verticals, where Jasper's verification tools are being used more so than others today, and are there bundling opportunities, etcetera or will this be a sort of a high end business unit for Cadence going forward? Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good. So let me try to answer in a broader sense. First of all, I think verification as I mentioned, for system and SoC time to market, and it will be now compounded with the increasing IP design integrations, and so, it can be as much as 70% of the cost of development for SoC, and Jasper clearly, providing the leading solutions for formal analysis, and this is the fastest growing segment, and this is very critical for CPU. You mentioned earlier, some of the earlier CPU verification tool, and also increasingly used to attract compact SoC verification; and we really complement our metric-driven verification tool, and as I mentioned earlier, systems, semiconductor and IP companies are among the big important customers, and they request us to -- I mean, have them as our product portfolio. And so clearly, in some of the verticals I mentioned earlier, in the CPU, mobile and some of the compact SoC, that are really showing [ph], and this is very important for them, and also I think clearly, the talent that we are going to bring on board is tremendous, and that's why we liked it.
Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray: Great. Thanks Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Lip-Bu, Geoff, you've highlighted your systems customers, not only in this call, but of course on earlier calls. The question is, how systems customers differ from your more traditional IC customers in terms of their, say average profitability. Would it be fair to assume that at least in hardware, or perhaps other parts of your business, the systems customers are generally more profitable accounts than the IC customers, which are often into more financial strength? And if that's so, is that a sustainable difference, or do you think that there may be some risk to that favorable disparity in customer profitability?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah Jay, this is a good question. Systems companies have become increasingly -- in terms of percentage of our revenue and the customers. They decided to go vertical and optimize in every level, from the silicon to the board level to all the way to the applications, so they can drive differentiations, and we engage with them quite a lot and intensively, because clearly fitting to our system design and implement strategy, and core EDA is very important as a foundation. And so in the way to answer your question, are they better than a semiconductor, I cannot comment that. But I think clearly, they drive different value and that all the way from the tools to the IP to the system analysis to the V-IP, in terms of modification, become a very important part of their requirement, because time to market is critical for their success and also they try to drive some differentiations. So, pretty much all the different level of requirements and the complexity they need, and that's why we need to gear up towards responding to damage, and that some time may be different from semiconductor customers. And one thing very good for us, is we have an entire suite from digital to analog and all the way to IP and verification IP and all the way to verification, and then plus, our PCB business, the board level business, and also the system analysis, we bought Sigrity because of that, and it can really drive the power, the signal integrity, the thermal aspect, the mechanics of parts of the overall end products point of view, and that is a very profound and their need is tremendous, and we want to respond to their needs.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Okay. And then my follow-up is on products, specifically to the last one to two years, you've benefited well from the growth in the PCB and customer markets until you retained leadership in custom. Do you expect that kind of momentum to be able to continue this year and into next in both of those areas? And similarly, with respect to Signoff, where you've been so much further behind than your peers. If you were to have share in Signoff proportionate to overall share of EDA in timing and power let's say, where do you think the incremental revenues could be to you, given their TAMs?
Lip-Bu Tan: Very good questions. Let me try to answer one by one. Clearly, the PCB is a very exciting opportunity and growing. I mentioned earlier last year, we grew about 23%. It’s very exciting, and also I think the need becomes more and more [indiscernible] because clearly, people want to design chip, viewing from the system, from the board level, what is the power and the signal integrity and the thermal and that's where Sigrity is just helping us to really grow some of our PCB business, and we fully integrated into our Allegro product line, and we also announced the timing vision that has come out and increased, the shorter the time to market and in terms of design. So overall, we continue to see that in this quarter, and in quarter-to-quarter we see growth in the revenue. In terms of custom, mixed signal, it also becomes a very sticky business for us, because custom/analog, our Virtuoso, with our suite of new products coming up in advanced node, we become a very important solution for the SoC, because as you know, most of the SoC, mixed signal and analog and digital have to work together into an integrated platform, and that's why we really shine and the customer see value in that. In terms of the digital side, we have improved substantially, and clearly our Signoff, as I mentioned in the past, have 10X performance compared to our competitors, and then secondly [indiscernible] all the way to 100 CPUs and that has become a reality, that's why we have signed up more than 20 customers, paying customer [ph] and embrace us. And then the other thing is also, the same thing with Tempus, and we just announced in November, we already have more than 10 customers, and we continue to improving our digital implementation in the most advanced nodes, and clearly, you saw that in my remarks and that one large consumer, an electronics company, have now decided after the benchmarking and decided, we have the best performance in terms of power, performance and area for the mobile application related area, and we are excited to have them to completely use all the entire flow from RTL to Signoff and all the way down, and this is a huge win for us, we are excited about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely with DA Davidson.
Tom Diffely - DA Davidson: Yeah, good afternoon. May be first a quick definition. With Jasper, you talked about formal analysis, how is that different in the verification world than what you currently do today? Is it a different type of product altogether?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. So let me explain that. First of all, I think the verification is an entire portfolio that we have, and clearly, some of you are very familiar with our Palladium, this is for the emulation side, and then same thing with our Incisive products. We also have some of the formal analysis tool, combine the tool with Jasper after the completion of the acquisition, together with ours. It will give us a very strong position in the verification. So all the way from simulation to prototyping and then really, add a lot of more capability in the CPU verification and complex SoC verification. Clearly, they have the leading solution that we are looking for, and a lot of key leading customers in terms of systems, semiconductor and IP companies, they embrace that. They requested us to be part of our overall solutions. So you should really look at us on the system development suite, all the way from software, and all the way to the hardware emulation, acceleration. So that is the whole suite that we are providing, and that complements our metric-driven verification.
Tom Diffely - DA Davidson: Okay. You say the customer list was overlapping?
Lip-Bu Tan: The top system company and semiconductor and IP companies, clearly, we had some success with all of them, but this give us [ph] increased, in terms of footprints, and also their needs, in terms of their higher end design complexity verification. So it’s very-very strategic and important for us, and by the way, just look at their standalone, they are growing at 25% a year, and its profitable as a standalone company for the last few years.
Tom Diffely - DA Davidson: Okay, great. Then just switching gears here, you'd said -- mentioned that hardware margins were a little tougher this quarter because of the competition. Are you seeing new competitors, or is really just you and Mentor out there still, dialing through some of these --
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, its just the Mentor.
Tom Diffely - DA Davidson: Okay. And then, your full year guidance, you kept, especially revenue and earnings as is. Is this the margin hit in the simulation, not falling through on a full year basis, and not impactful on a full year basis?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah. I think the important thing Tom is, we left the full year unchanged. Actually, the revenue is up a little bit from the midpoint of $2.5 million, but we kept the rest of the guidance unchanged. Again, when we do guidance, we look at everything we know about our businesses, and we don't guide our businesses independently, uniquely.
Tom Diffely - DA Davidson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi, thanks for taking my question. First is, could you may be talk about, what is the current market share in verification and how Jasper can help increase the share? And now since you have also the formal verification and Jasper is kind of leading the market, could that help you may be driver higher value from your customers may be some more price increases in the verification suite?
Geoff Ribar: So Monika, we don't talk about market share generally here and -- but clearly, the combination of the verification businesses will help us along with our channel. Again, we like the acquisitions from the reason that, clearly laid out over and over again, does provide the leading formal analysis tool out there. It is the fastest growing segment in verification. It’s a great strategic fit that complements our industry leading verification platform.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. Then kind of shifting gears to emulation, could you may be talk about what is the total install base of Palladium II, and may be what is [indiscernible] because your placement cycles are adding customers? And you know the latest hardware to [indiscernible] fourth here, may be if you can shed some light on when can you expect the new release or where do you think it's in the development stage?
Geoff Ribar: So Monika, I'll answer first, and then Lip-Bu will talk about the future. Obviously, we believe we have the largest install base in the emulation business and we have had the largest install base for a long time. We believe Palladium remained the leading emulator in the market. The whole segment is growing, and we have the best technology, and so I think, we are quite comfortable with where we are with the emulation.
Lip-Bu Tan: A bit on what Geoff described, clearly, the Palladium in our hardware is the leading emulator in the marketplace. As we mentioned in the Q4, we have the second largest quarter for the hardware revenue, and strong in mobile this quarter, and clearly especially in Asia. MediaTek and Spectrum, the leading [indiscernible] company, to embrace our platform.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Just lastly for me, bookings, still you're guiding 9% to 12%, right? Midpoint, double digit, last it was 19%. Kind of coming to the same [indiscernible], the top line growth is almost midpoint 7%-ish, may be could you help to reconcile the two?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, I mean, obviously, as we talk about some of our businesses that are more lumpy, like hardware, like IP, you recognize revenue at different times than you recognize bookings. And bookings, when you do bookings in software, generally, it takes time to fully get that into revenue. It kind of layers in on to revenue. So that's kind of the story. Again, I think strong bookings is good.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. Thank you so much.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JP Morgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: I think that's a perfect segue in terms -- with the comment about strong bookings; because I want to play Devil's Advocate, and just make sure I understand. When I look at the deferred revenue result in the quarter and I look at the cash flow in the quarter, one might conclude, that maybe the year got off to a slower start in terms of bookings. Is that the case and if not, what am I missing?
Geoff Ribar: Actually, the cash flow was a little bit of a challenge for us, just to be clear, and that's really based on the timing of collections and disbursements. I think you may remember in the last call, we talked about collecting a large amount of money early, and collected in Q4 instead of Q1. We also didn't collect everything we anticipated in Q1, some of that slipped into Q2, which we have now collected. The full year guidance has stayed unchanged. Bookings started out strong this year.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Okay, perfect. Then, I want to go back to your commentary about the gross margin on the hardware side. Some of that, and maybe I missed it, if you answered it in another question, but is some of that related to just where you are in the product cycle for Palladium?
Geoff Ribar: No, its primary competition that's causing the pressure. The Palladium XP II which was released in Q4, still the leader in terms of performance, stability, capability. But competition has increased to when the products were originally introduced.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Okay. But that would still to be a timing of the different product lines, that would be impacted? Maybe another way to ask you is, you haven't released the timing, but as you refresh that product line, would you expect the gross margin impact to change a bit?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, so this is Lip-Bu, let me try to answer the first portfolio, and then Geoff will add on to it. So first of all clearly, the Palladium XP II is a second innovation for the Palladium family, significant performance and well received by customers. We are not commenting on the future product availability, but I can say that, we are working very close with the customer, understanding their needs and we are well on our way to developing our next generation solutions, for the future innovation. With that, usually when you have a new product announced, and you're increasing ultimately gross margins, that will be expected.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Okay. And last question would be for you. In terms of the attraction we are starting to get in terms of FinFET. I didn't hear in any of the other questions, but any additional commentary as to what's changed in the product line, the technology or anything else that has helped you start gain better traction on FinFET?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, couple of things. I think clearly, our investment and complement into the FinFET advanced node is starting to pay dividends. Clearly, you saw that TSMC fully certified our digital Signoff, complement on our tool for the 16-nanometer FinFET, and in this quarter, we had over 20 new design in the FinFET related projects, and then we have -- quite a few key customers are shifting to us, because of -- we are providing the best performance, power area for the better processor site, and that's why we kind of highlight one large consumer electronics, and a very competitive replacement for us, and we are delighted that they chose us and adopt us for the full Cadence flow from RTL to Signoff, then with multiple FinFET production design, the silicon will come out at the end of this year.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Great. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: Yes. Thank you very much. Geoff, question on your revenue profile. You pointed out last quarter that its going to be volatile or it seems like the first half is starting slower. Is that a pattern we should expect going forward first half weak, second half stronger, or its something random?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, there's no seasonality in the business that we see right now. Its just continued growth in businesses, and we don't guide each segment individually. So again, I think the important part Mahesh, is we kept the year unchanged.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: And the second question, I mean, we had strong adoption of 28-nanometer and 20 is very low volume, and I think everybody waiting for 16-nanometer. And so this year, its kind of a lower transition year. Is that somehow impacting your business in any way?
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me answer that Mahesh. First of all, I think as you have already pointed, the [indiscernible] is in the 28-nanometer. We are very well positioned, our tools are very optimized and in our IP also, very ready. So that probably continues to benefit in the maturity of our revenue. But the 20-nanometer, from our view is a short term node, and a lot of customers, they decided to move into the 14 and 16 FinFET. We see a substantial increase in terms of 16, 14 nanometer FinFET design, and we work very close with our IP partners and also in our foundry partners, when they are moving to the 16 and 14 nanometer FinFET, and we see increasing momentum in terms of customer needs to move down at that [indiscernible].
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: Okay. And just one quick question on the capital return. You have $350 million due and you just, I guess, net $150 million in this acquisition. Are you committed to the $100 million buyback, or that's something that's going to slow down, considering that you made this acquisition, and ultimately comment -- go ahead, sorry.
Geoff Ribar: So again, quickly go through capital. First, we wanted -- we do think that it supports our strategy, and that includes funding, high return on innovation and financially disciplined acquisitions. We have taken into account the maturity of our debt and our product cycles and the challenges in the overall industry. And third, we are committed to returning cash to our shareholders, and that hasn't changed as a result of this acquisition.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: Okay. All right. Thank you. That's really helpful.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hi thanks for taking my question, I just had a couple of them. Number one, on the Jasper Design acquisition, are there other competing bidders for the product?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. We don't complain about the situation. We are delighted with the acquisitions, and very talented, clearly the leading solutions and our customer requested and also fast growing, 25% is profitable, and being a very disciplined buyer of business, we are always very thoughtful of our acquisitions. If you look at [indiscernible], it helped us a lot into memory and also in the IP related area, cyclically, moving to the whole PCB and it helped us to grow 23% last year. Azuro acquisition, another good example, really drive our digital equipment, and that right now you see, a lot of success we have right now. And then, we clearly see Jasper is a very important -- formal analysis is critical for some of the CPU verification, compact SoC verification, and is fast growing, and its very-very important to our -- the whole system design suite, and that's what we are excited about.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then, two quick questions, number one, on the emulator side. I guess, as a question on the install base, you guys are clearly the leader. Let me ask the same question in another way. Of the install base of emulators, how much of them are leased?
Geoff Ribar: So we do both leases and sales. It depends really on what the customer is requesting or requiring for that business. Generally, many more sales with upfront revenue recognition as a result.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So most of them are direct sales, not leases?
Geoff Ribar: Yes.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then the final question is, I think I asked this in the past, I understand the need for more acquisitions to build your core products and adjacent product portfolio, but just kind of curious, your thoughts on dividends at this point. Is it something that should be thought about, going back to the table, after you pay a convert off next year, or is this something that is still an ongoing discussion?
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So we listen [indiscernible] and we talk to shareholders a lot, and we talk to the industry a lot. We started, as you know, last quarter, during the share buyback, and for now that's what we are going to talk about.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks guys.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham and Company.
Richard Valera - Needham and Company: Thank you. Geoff, just wanted to revisit the second half ramps that you're projecting. I understand, it sounds like its going to be driven by IP and emulation. But, can you give us any sense, maybe qualitatively, the visibility you have to that ramp. May be how much of that expected ramp is -- as you had booked during backlog, and how does that visibility compare to kind of the more ratable software business that would be more typical -- you'd more typically see in the back half?
Geoff Ribar: So as we go into this current quarter, Q2 earnings, our Q2 results. Obviously we have over 90% booked, as is normal coming out of backlog. And what's kind of happening in the second half of the year is pretty much what you would expect traditionally from where we were at this time of the year.
Richard Valera - Needham and Company: So there is no real change at all in the business, from that perspective. But there is a pretty, significantly larger than historical quarter-over-quarter I guess ramp in those couple of quarters, which apparently is being driven by sort of non-ratable, is that correct?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, plus the fact we have a 53-week year this year, as you remember -- about last quarter. As we, over six or seven years, we have a 53-week year. So that will also play into Q4.
Richard Valera - Needham and Company: Right. Understood. Then Geoff, I guess with the price pressure related to the emulation competition, you actually have the very -- pretty much the same comment last quarter. So just wanted to understand, has anything changed; because it sounded to me exactly like what you said last quarter, so just wanted to know if that's kind of the same as it was, or has something actually gotten, is pricing pressure even more than you had expected a quarter ago?
Geoff Ribar: No. Its pretty much in line where we expect. Again, driven by competition. Again, we still think we have the best product, and we are still quite successful with that product, but there is pricing pressure from competition.
Richard Valera - Needham and Company: And any change to your full year emulation outlook you had talked about last year. I think you had talked about last quarter of being slightly down I think for the year?
Geoff Ribar: I think we are not going to guide individual segments. We are quite happy and quite comfortable with our overall guidance for the year.
Richard Valera - Needham and Company: Okay. And then, just quickly on the Jasper growth rate. I understand you gave the CAGR there, the 25% CAGR. I was wondering if you could give -- if you're willing to give anything more specific, with respect to 2013 growth or projected 2014, that it was may be north of 20% in the last year, or if CAGR is depending on the base year, it could be quite -- don't necessarily represent near term growth rates, if you know what I mean?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah, it has been growing to 25% CAGR over the past few years.
Richard Valera - Needham and Company: Okay. We will stick with that. All right. Thanks guys.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Monika Garg of Pacific Crest Securities.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi. Thanks for taking my follow-up question. I just had one on the emulation market, could you elaborate or talk more about, what is the growth rate of this market kind of you expect, and given the Mentor has been growing last couple of years in this segment. Do you think you could lose your kind of number one position in this market?
Geoff Ribar: So Monica, we are not giving individual growth rates on the different markets again. We continue to believe that this is a secular trending up business in emulation over a long period of time. There will be fluctuations from period-to-period and quarter-to-quarter. Again remember in Q4 of last year, we came off our second record quarter ever on revenue. So we are comfortable with our position in the business, we are comfortable with our strategy, and are comfortable with our product.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: And what is the industry growth rate you would expect?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah those numbers are very hard to combine, very hard to say again. We just believe that its going to be a secular growth business with some bumpiness for each within the company, based on quarter-to-quarter results.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: I will now turn the call over to Cadence's President and CEO, Lip-Bu Tan, for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing, Cadence continues to drive consistent operational and financial performance. We have enhanced our system design verification solutions, with the acquisition of Forte, and we are looking forward to bringing Jasper to our team soon. Our digital and new Signoff tools are highly competitive and are gaining traction with leading customers. We believe that Cadence continues to invest, to deliver great technology to our customers, and to run our business with discipline, then revenue, profits and cash flow all benefit, thereby increasing shareholder value. I have received tremendous support during my first five years, as I would like to recognize our hardworking employees for the result we have achieved and thanks to all our shareholders, customers, partners, and looking forward to everyone's continued support for the future. Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Investor Relations Lip-Bu Tan - Chief Executive Officer and President Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Rich Valera - Needham and Company Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Justin, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you.  I would now like to turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom:  Thank you, Justin, and welcome to our earnings call for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com and will be archived through March 14, 2014. A copy of today’s prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call.  With us today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking comments in the press release issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. A copy of today's press release, dated January 29, 2014 for the quarter ended December 28, 2013 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now I’ll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan:  Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. 2013 was a great year for Cadence. We introduced six new innovative, internally developed products. We made three important acquisitions to build out our fast growing IP portfolio. Financial performance was strong with revenue up 10% over 2012, a 24% non-GAAP operating margin, and operating cash flow up 16%. For Q4, Cadence delivered solid operating results. Revenue was $377 million, non-GAAP operating margin was 25%, and operating cash flow was $119 million. While the environment remains challenging with macro uncertainty and softness in semiconductors we are looking forward to another great year for 2014. Longer term, our focus continues to be: growing revenue; building innovative new products; and driving greater profitability. Now let us review some of the Q4 highlights, starting with our IP business. Leading off with Tensilica, I am delighted with the performance of this business. The integration is going well and revenue was ahead of expectations for both Q4 and the year. Tensilica delivers a number of vertical solutions, particularly strong are its audio and voice solutions. These were on display at CES, including technology for hands-free, voice activation and voice authentication. Tensilica HiFi DSP was used in the recently launched Microsoft Xbox One game platform. Exciting new areas for us include gesture recognition, as well as audio DSP offload which is now supported in the newest Android KitKat release. Cadence Design IP continues to gain strong momentum in the marketplace. Through acquisitions and internal development we have built a broad portfolio and are winning multi-product, multi-license arrangements with a wide range of customers. We are growing our IP business by delivering high quality products based on the newest protocols at the most advanced process nodes. Products leading our growth include DDR and PCI Express PHYs and analog IP. In 2013 we had Design IP wins in over 10 Tier 1 accounts including head-to-head wins at advanced FinFET nodes. Palladium had a strong year and continued to lead the market for emulation. Existing top customers continued to add significant capacity, and we added 14 new Palladium customers. Just in Q4 itself, four of the top five application processor providers to smartphones and tablets added new or expanded capacity. Q4 revenue was the second highest ever for a quarter. For the year revenue exceeded our expectations. For 2014 we expect revenue to be about the same as 2013. Palladium XP 2, the newest emulation system available in the market, contributed to nearly half of Q4 orders. In addition to in-circuit emulation, more customers are choosing Palladium for simulation acceleration, with these deployments doubling in 2013. Next I want to talk about progress with some of the exciting new innovative products we introduced in 2013. Tempus, our new timing signoff solution, is rapidly gaining traction, with over 10 customers have adopted it because of its highly compelling performance and accuracy, and several others are in the evaluation stage. A major foundry completed a tape-out of a chip with an embedded processor at 28-nanometer, exclusively using Tempus for timing signoff. Two additional designs have been signed-off exclusively using Tempus. Voltus, our innovative new power analysis and signoff tool. It has up to 10 times better performance than competing solutions. Voltus has already been purchased by multiple customers including many of the largest semiconductor companies. Success with Tempus and Voltus will enable additional adoption of EDI, our digital implementation platform. We introduced our new Spectre XPS fast-spice simulator and have integrated it with our Altos technology for memory characterization, and customers are realizing runtimes up to 30 times faster than with competing solutions. Lastly, the highly successful integration of Sigrity with our Allegro platform drove strong 2013 results for our silicon-package-board business, with revenue up 28% year-over-year. In summary in Q4 results demonstrate, Cadence continues to drive consistent operational and financial execution. I am delighted with the way our IP business is expanding. We continue to add new differentiated products to our portfolio, and our customer list and deal size are growing. The Q3 introduction of Palladium XP 2 contributed to a strong finish to the year for hardware. Our talented development teams introduced two more innovative new products in Q4, and our recent released products are gaining traction. We are excited about EDA growth opportunity with our innovative and scalable products, to meet the design productivity and time-to-market requirements for our customers’ increasingly complex designs. Our broad range of design tools, system analysis, IP and software products across the System, Board and SoC space we have expanded to become a system design enablement company. With that I’ll now turn it over to Geoff, who will review the financial results and provide our outlook.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Thanks Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. Before I get start I have a bit of housekeeping. Beginning next quarter we will release earnings on Mondays. The scheduled date for the Q1 earnings release is Monday April 21. Now I will review the results for the fourth quarter and the year, and then present our outlook for Q1 and 2014. Cadence produced strong operating results for Q4 and the year. 2013 bookings totaled $1.585 billion, an increase of 19% over 2012. Book-to-bill was 1.09 and year-end backlog was $1.9 billion. Total revenue for Q4 was $377 million, compared to $367 million for Q3, and $346 million for the year ago quarter. Revenue for the year was $1.46 billion, an increase of 10% over the prior year. For Q4, product and maintenance revenue was $350 million. Services revenue was $27 million. The revenue mix for the geographies in Q4 was 47% for the Americas; 20% for EMEA; 19% for Asia; and 14% for Japan. Total costs and expenses for Q4 on a non-GAAP basis were $282 million, compared to $278 million for Q3, and $265 million for the year ago quarter. Q4 headcount was 5,734, down 128 from Q3 due to reprioritization of resources. Head count increased by 545 for the year. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q4 was 25%, compared to 24% for Q3, and 23% for the year ago quarter. For the year, non-GAAP operating margin was 24%, compared to 23% for 2012. For Q4 we recorded GAAP net income per share of $0.13, compared to $1.10 per share for Q4 2012. For the year, GAAP net income per share was $0.56, compared to $1.57 for 2012. You may recall that GAAP net income per share for Q4, 2012 and for 2012 in total included $0.90 and $0.91, respectively, in tax benefits for the release of a valuation allowance, and the settlement of a California income tax audit. Included in 2013 GAAP net income per share was an $0.11 benefit for the release of a tax reserve that was no longer required. In Q4 we recorded a restructuring charge of $15 million, or $0.05 per share. The restructuring charge was primarily for severance costs associated with the reprioritization of resources. For Q4, non-GAAP net income per share was $0.23, compared to $0.21 for Q3, and $0.20 for the year ago quarter. For the year, non-GAAP net income per share was $0.86, compared to $0.77 for the prior year, an increase of 11%. Operating cash flow for Q4 was $119 million, compared to $98 million for Q3, and $96 million for the year ago quarter. For the year, operating cash flow was $368 million, compared to $316 million for the prior year. Total DSOs for Q4 were 27 days, compared to 26 days for Q3, and 27 days for the year ago quarter. Our DSO target is approximately 30 days. Capital expenditures were $9 million for the fourth quarter, and $45 million for the year. After paying $144 million to retire the 2013 convertible debt, and paying down $50 million on our revolving credit facility, cash and short-term investments were $633 million at year-end, compared to $827 million for the prior year. The balance on our revolving credit facility at year-end was zero. We have $350 million of convertible debt remaining which is due in June 2015. About 30% of our cash was in the U.S. at year-end. Approximately 85% of orders booked in Q4 were ratable, which is lower than recent periods. This is primarily due to strong quarterly hardware orders. Approximately 90% of Q4 revenue came from ratable arrangements. Weighted average contract life for Q4 was approximately 2.3 years. For the year 90% of orders booked and revenue were ratable. The weighted average contract life was approximately 2.5 years. Now let’s address our outlook for the first quarter of 2014, and fiscal 2014. For Q1 we expect revenue to be in the range of $373 million to $383 million. We expect a little less than 90% of first quarter revenue to come from beginning backlog due to strong Q1 hardware orders. Q1 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 21%. The margin is down for Q1 primarily due to seasonally higher payroll taxes. GAAP EPS for the first quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.08 to $0.10. Non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter is expected in the range of $0.18 to $0.20. Now for our fiscal 2014 outlook. Bookings are projected to be in the range of $1.72 billion to $1.77 billion, an increase of 9% to 12%. We expect weighted average contract life in the range of 2.4 to 2.6 years, and we expect at least 90% of revenue for the year to be recurring in nature. Note that we are changing our terminology from ratable to recurring as we believe it more accurately represents our revenue stream with the addition of royalty revenue. Our previous metric, ratable metric was the percentage of ratable bookings of total bookings. Our new recurring revenue metric is the percentage of recurring revenue of total revenue. We are making this change because we believe it better reflects how we manage the company, and better accommodates the royalty stream. Going forward we will provide annual guidance for the recurring revenue mix and we will update that annual guidance on a quarterly basis. We will provide actual results on an annual basis, but not quarterly. Since 2014 is a transition year for this new metric, I want to make clear that we do expect the prior metric, the ratable bookings mix, to be approximately 90% for 2014 -- we do expect. Revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.55 billion to $1.585 billion with approximately 70% of this total from beginning backlog. This translates to 6% to 9% growth in revenue over 2013. We expect hardware revenue to be about the same as last year. With Palladium XP now in its fourth full year of product cycle we are likely to see some decline in gross margins. Because of our fiscal calendar, 2014 will be a 53 week year, which occurs every five to six years. This will add approximately $15 million of revenue to Q4, with additional expenses attributable to the 53rd week, including payroll, the impact on the bottom line will be immaterial. I would also like to point out that with hardware and IP together now representing a larger share of our revenue mix, quarterly revenue will likely be more variable, and as a result, quarterly revenue may occasionally decline. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 26% on an annual basis, up two full percentage points over 2013. Non-GAAP other income and expense is expected to be in the range of a negative $15 million to a negative $9 million. We are assuming a non-GAAP tax rate of 26% and weighted average shares outstanding of 299 million to 307 million shares for the year. GAAP EPS for 2013 is expected to be in the range of $0.55 to $0.65. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.92 to $1.02. This represents 13% growth over the prior year at the midpoint.  We expect operating cash flow in the range of $335 million to $365 million. Expected 2014 operating cash flow is slightly below 2013 due to the timing of collections and disbursements. Our DSO forecast is approximately 30 days. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $40 million. As a result of our regular review of our capital requirements and capital allocation, and based on our near-term outlook and the strong long-term fundamentals of the business, our board of directors has approved a stock repurchase program, and we are expected to purchase up to $50 million of our stock during each of fiscal years 2014 and 2015.  Operator, we’ll now take questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham and Company.
Rich Valera - Needham and Company:  First, I just missed the details of your stock-repurchase commentary, Geoff. Could you repeat that please? 
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Sure. And maybe I will give you a little bit more, little bit stronger answer. 
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: Sure.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: We regularly review our capital needs, our capital allocation, and our capital structure. We remain committed to using capital on the most attractive, highest return opportunities available. Our priorities in addition to stock returns for the use of cash have been funding operations, retiring convertible debt and M&A. We think we've been successful as mentioned, Lip-Bu motioned earlier in funding operations with all our innovative products we've created and also I think it’s shown up in our operating results. Our balance sheet continues to get stronger. And when you look at M&A we believe our acquisitions there have returned more than the cost of capital, we built the strategic business in IP and we strengthened our core. So in addition to that we are pleased to note that given the strength of our balance sheet, our near term outlook, the strong long-term fundamentals of business our Board of Directors has approved $100 million in stock repurchases. We expect to purchase up to $50 million of stock in each of 2014 and 2015. Our year-end balance of cash and short-term investment was $633 million of which $190 million was in the U.S. With $190 million of cash in the U.S. on hand the liquidity being provided by our $250 million revolving credit facility and the U.S. cash we expect to generate over the next year and half, we believe we have the right amount of U.S. equity to support our operational and strategic needs to retire $350 million convertible debt and to fund $50 million in both 2014 and 2015 totaling $100 million in stock repurchases. Sorry that’s a long answer.
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: No, that's helpful. I appreciate the color, I think you anticipated that question. Moving onto the business, wanted to talk about the obviously that pretty strong hardware contribution in Q4 and if you kind of do the math on the increase in cogs one, it would look like the rest of the business which I think is software and royalties was down quarter-over-quarter. And I don't know if this is some of the volatility you referenced in your prepared remarks about the higher software and higher royalty. And just wanted to talk about that what went on in the fourth quarter in terms of the rest of the business besides emulation if it was in fact down quarter-over-quarter? Thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan:  So I think, Rich let me start first and then Geoff will give you more color. So first of all as I mentioned earlier we have a very strong growing IT portfolio and clearly the portfolio is getting stronger. Tensilica is doing very well and it's ahead of plan and a lot of success in our Design IP given the gains today in the advanced FinFET and so we continue do well in the IP side. And I mentioned also earlier because of the security and Allegro that business is growing about 28% year-to-year. So it's a very strong growth for us.  And meanwhile on our call EDA two related area, as I mentioned earlier clearly our success in campus and on the Azuro acquisition we made we' remaking a lot of inroad into the digital front. We have multiple customer success and our commitment investment into the advanced notes in the ‘14, ‘16 and already engaging in ‘10 in the FinFET side and of course the relationship with [inaudible] we are winning a lot of customer business. So I think across the board I would say that all our product have been doing well.
Geoffrey G. Ribar:  And overall, overall Rich, our software IP business also grew, right it wasn't just the hardware business.
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: Okay. Thanks for that. And then wanted to ask about one geographic question once sort of -- sort of a segment question but in Japan I think you had your first positive comp in five quarters. Just wanted to get a sense of your feeling there, do you think you've seen some stability there and you think that will stop being the headwind it has been as we move into 2014?
Lip-Bu Tan: So I can chip in first and then Geoff will give you more color. So clearly we're seeing recovery on Japan especially in the system company that has been doing very well, either in the consumer related area or in the automotive side. We are seeing a strong recovery. And then secondly even in some of more restructuring company we are also starting to see sign of improvement and clearly they are investing in the future in terms of new product. We are engaging heavily with them. And so I think clearly we see the stabilization we're seeing improvement in certain, especially in the system company side.
Geoffrey G. Ribar:  And obviously Rich the currency impact remains unknowable for us clearly we take a best estimate of how that works going forward. 
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: Fair enough and one final one from me on emulation. I don't believe you actually said emulation did finish down for the year in '13, it did sound like it exceeded your original plan which was to be down but isn't that finishing down less than you had originally thought, was that accurate?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah. It was better than we originally thought but it was still down. And again as we said also 2014, we expect to be essentially flat from 2013.
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: Okay, very good, that's it from me. Thanks gentlemen.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc: Good afternoon, Lip Bu, Geoff a quarter ago on the call you talked about certain instances of customers adjustments or what you call – in some cases and the best we could tell there were only about three significant customers that might have done that, one each in Japan, the U.S and Europe. But given your comments now about the strength of the business not just hardware but looking into 2014, would you say looking back a quarter ago those comments or those experiences were somewhat anomalous and you have not seen that since or you are not expecting that this year?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, Jay. Thank you for the question. First of all you are right. The environment kind of still remaining challenging and uncertain but we are feeling much better with our business. Clearly I on the Q2 and Q3 while working our way to some of the specific customer issues. We didn't have any of those in Q4. Q4 was a strong quarter – we introduced couple of new products. And I am very excited about our IT hardware and also our new products. And so I think the outlook for 2014, we are comfortable with our guidance. Clearly in the longer-term as you know I am very passionate about system design enablement. Clearly we see a lot of traction in term of ratable, Internet of things, automotive, cloud video and Big Data. And so I think overall, I think you're correct and that we are more positive. I think clearly those issues that are isolated we don't have it in Q4 and we're comfortable looking forward in 2014 and beyond.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc: Okay. Since you mentioned systems and a number of times that anticipates my second question, which is we could, often for VDI companies not just yourselves over the last year or so about the importance of systems companies and the customer base. But we haven't really heard much about how they are different from the more traditional semi or IC customers. So perhaps it’s too broad a question but could you talk about in what way do systems customers do in fact differ if at all from your traditional customers in terms of tool mix or capacity, how demanding they are or not with respect to discounting or anything in terms of some general profile you can make about the systems customers making it someway better for you than the semi companies that struggle from time-to-time.
Lip-Bu Tan: Jay, this is a good question. First of all I think we mentioned system quite a few times in our call. And I think we are defining the system design enablement as a company going forward. Clearly I think that traditionally EDA as is well known is more on the more on the automation for chip design but the system enablement I think it goes beyond traditional EDA by taking a system view. So clearly not only supplying customer with tool, IP, software content and then the design with the end product in mind and that clearly beside just developing for the SoC, we are talking about design integration, analysis, verification of system level components such as board, packaging, software, system IP and mechanical, thermal aspect of the system and so it is kind of more top down systems approach. And clearly traditionally EDA is a very big focus and at the core of our system design ennoblement strategy. And also clearly it’s really the foundation of the strategy and then clearly our growing highly differentiated portfolio like packaging, board design, system analysis, system-level IP, system and hardware, software, co-design, co-verification and software product, we are kind of moving towards that. And then clearly I think the system company is a much bigger and become an increasing part of our business. And as the new wave of system company they are growing vertical integration to optimizing their SoC and system altogether. And so this clearly plays into our strength. And then clearly the EDA tool, automation I mentioned earlier and software and the whole entire ecosystem partnership and that’s where the growth opportunities were given.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc: Okay just one more about the market for you and follow up on emulation for Jeff. On the market according to the latest industry data the big three EDA companies together would seem to have in excess of 85% of total spend going on in the Asia-Pac region which is fastest growing market in EDA for the last decade. And your proportion of spending in other region is lower particularly in Japan. My question is in Asia Pac does that very high concentration already, the EDA companies including with [EDA IP] limit your growth given how concentrated you are or not?  And then similarly do you think there is significant opportunity for you to gain more share of spending in the other regions? And then lastly for Geoff kind of following up on Richard's question on the emulation cost of revenue you had a few million of upside versus our model anyway on emulation hardware but substantial upside on cogs, is it the case that you have to absorb substantial incremental expense to the mix or those material like that and sometimes seeing emulation just to get product out the door?
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think Jay, let me answer the first portion and then Geoff will answer the second question. The first portion I think if hear correctly you are talking about the EDA opportunity in Asia Pacific and then what are the opportunities for us. So clearly as you can see from our result U.S. is still a very important market for us, 47% and we are continuing to gain market share continue to work very closely with our customer to enable them in the complex design. Clearly Europe is also very an important market for us especially in the automotive and industrial area. We are heavily engaging much from the EDA side and also in the system packaging related area and they are very, very strong in that. And then Asia Pacific is an emerging growth area. We are very excited and we are well positioned as you know in that market. And clearly you see a bunch of company coming up from Spectrum, RDA, High Silicon, the Galaxy products IPO in Hong Kong and a suite of company coming up and we are so well positioned engaging with them providing the tool and also increasing the IP blocks and we have a very broad portfolio able to provide them a very good silicon proven IP so that enable them to fast to market. And clearly we also see a tremendous growth on the Palladium hardware emulation because it is a must have when they have a complex chip design especially in the advance node. So I think we see good opportunity and we are very well positioned much as for tool, much as for IP and also for the system packaging related area. And we are very well positioned.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And Jay as far as the emulation and the emulation margins and cost of sales we were quite happy with the margins in the business. But this is the fourth year right that Palladium has been out there in the marketplace and so we do anticipate margins all through quite good being a little bit more of a challenge again generally as Lip-Bu we just add we love this business, we love the opportunities it provides for us and by the way our competitors too.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Hi, thanks for taking my question. First question Geoff you gave 26% of margin guidance. Previously you have talked about 25% of margin business, so is the 26 is a good number to think about going forward or you think there could be more leverage in the model? 
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So I think where we said obviously we'll continue to focus on growth for this business and we do think there continue to be operating margin improvements going forward. We are very happy that we're up 2% year-over-year from 24% for the full year 2013 to 26% for the full year of 2014.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Then could you provide what was Tensilica’s revenue last year and what do you expect Tensilica revenue for 2014?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: I am sorry I didn't hear you. 
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Tensilica revenue for going '13 and your expectation for Tensilica in 2014?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah, because Tensilica is now fully integrated into our IP business we're starting to breakout Tensilica. Again they did exceed our expectations for both Q4 and for the year as we said earlier in the call.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Okay. Then I have one quick question on we are hearing that Intel’s plan on trying to become a foundry, right, and there are talks about the next node they won’t try to go to Intel for that -- they will go to Intel for that. So my question here is do you think that all new IP libraries will have to be recharacterized priced with now Intel’s library, so will it add kind of more OpEx if you have to do that and how much effort and time you think it will take?
Lip-Bu Tan:  Yeah I think Monika I think clearly it’s a very good question. Foundry enablement is very important in our business and so we work with multiple foundries in the advance nodes and adjust for our tool to optimize for their foundry. And clearly there is a different TAM and now clearly you have a common platform, you have a TSMC and clearly you have Intel. Each foundry they have their own unique specific requirement but we work with all of them and so it’s very important to continue to support and clearly to optimize. So we’re engaging with all of them and them also same thing with IT ecosystem. It’s very important that kind of big collaboration that you know they support our customer, time to market and winning in the marketplace. 
Geoffrey G. Ribar:  And Monika that’s one reason why the IP business is so exciting for us.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.:  So then just a last one from me. You have talked about in the past that you are able to pass on some price increase to customers especially given the very high R&D expense of EDA right, I mean you almost see that like 40%-50% of the code going from one generation to another generation. Could you maybe talk about, do you think going forward that opportunity is there and how the EDA industry can be paid better given the R&D which you have to put to support your customers?
Lip-Bu Tan:  Yeah, that’s a very good question and we clearly believe that EDA industry provides tremendous value to our customer, especially in the mass cost, the design tip out is getting more and more expensive when you move up the geometry and clearly a deep relationship with our customer and then provide value they need to build their products in a timely fashion and a scalable fashion is critical and that’s why you noticed some of our new products, we emphasized not just high performance multiple time performance and also scalability, can scale to multiple hundreds of cores is critical and then time to market we have to go to second and third span it costs you a lot of money.  And that’s where I think the relationship between the customer and the EDA vendor become very critical in terms of collaboration and then trusted partnership become critical and last five years we have gradually earning the trust from our customer to provide and deliver the scalable products to them.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Thank you. That’s all from me.
Lip-Bu Tan:  Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.:  Yeah, good afternoon. I guess one more question here, first on the Palladium. You talked about 14 wins, new customers during the year. I was curious are those competitive wins? Were you displacing another vendor or are those new customers to the industry that are just adopting emulation for the first time?
Lip-Bu Tan:  Yeah I think you know first of all we are happy with that 14 new customers and as you can tell in every product we definitely are competing and then win based on performance and also the support of the customer. And secondly clearly is must have for advance node complex design faster to find the bugs, so that you can fix it, time to market is critical so it’s very good in terms of market growth and the customer needs that. And we just want to support them in the most efficient way and scalable way to support them and so that they can be winning and find the bugs earlier so that they can get to market quicker. So it’s a must have, it’s a nice market and it’s a growing market and we love it.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. I wonder if you could just give us a little more on relationship right now between stimulation and emulation. You know is emulation taking some stimulation share or are they still independent? How do you view those two markets?
Lip-Bu Tan:  Yeah so I think it’s a very good question. Clearly in the emulation side we are the market leader. In terms of the -- as I mentioned in my remarks clearly many of our customers are also using that and accepted that as a stimulation acceleration and in fact in 2013 we have doubled that, in term of the growth and so we're excited and but we're not sitting still. We are continuing to heavily investing to skill that more in the emulation acceleration and the prototyping.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. What’s your view of the marketplace for stimulation is that positive growth market in 2013 as well?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Absolutely.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then Geoff can you talk about how your business is becoming a little bit more volatile on a quarterly basis based on the hardware side. I am wondering if you have an early view of what do you think the linearity in 2014 looks like, is there any abnormalities coming up? 
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Again I don’t want to overstate this but we did want to let people know that there may be volatility from quarter-to-quarter in revenue and that's kind of where we see it. We're not going to give specifics obviously. 
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. So there is no like the order book of a big slug or trough coming that we should try to model in early on?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah, we gave guidance for the year in Q1 and that I think you can figure out kind of how you need it model it from there.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: All right and then you gave us a nice detail on the cash and cash usage. I am curious so on a go forward basis when the cash flow comes in what is relative mixture of U.S. or onshore versus offshore of the…
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So onshore and offshore is approximately 50-50. It obviously varies from period to period but it's approximately 50-50.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Very similar to our revenue split as you would expect.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah, okay good. And then last thing, tax rate in 2014 what do you think the long-term rate will be in the years ahead?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So when we guide the 26% non-GAAP tax rate that is kind of the long-term rate that we expect over time. Our cash tax rate had traditionally tended to be lower as we have tax attributes and NOLs to help offset some of that.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Good that's it. Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst : It's [inaudible] here for Sterling thanks for taking my questions. A few here if I may. First it sounds like the new version of Palladium XP is helping that business kind of turn in 2014. And so I guess the question is what were sort of the major changes with that latest version of the product to enable that turn? And then I guess do you foresee any other changes in 2014 that could potentially make that part of the business grow?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah Sterling let me start first. I think clearly our Palladium XP tool is the second emulation family and a significant improvement in term of capacity, performance and also the software improvement, and clearly improved a lot in terms of the productivity and customer love it. And so that's why you can see more than 50% of our orders in Q4 come from Palladium XP tool. So it's very well received and it's very scalable and we are going to continue in a very comprehensive game plan in terms of continue to improve and expand our capacity and growth. And then more important I think we mentioned earlier in the Q4 we have four out of five application process company are using that and also are increasing using from the system company that is very exciting for us and they see it tremendous beneficial for them in terms of building up the system up. And so I would see a growth in the system company.
Unidentified Analyst: That's helpful. And then secondly kind of along the lines of the emulation business, it sounds like the pricing there might be getting a bit more competitive. Can you just talk about how that impacts kind of overall gross margins in 2014 Geoff?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Well obviously the biggest driver for gross margins is always going to be the hardware business. Of course there is a service business that also shows up but it's large way driven by the gross margin on the hardware business. And as I said earlier right we expect the gross margin to be a little bit challenged going forward again don’t want to overstate it, it's a great business for us, and great margins but fourth year in the business there will be some impact.
Unidentified Analyst: Absolutely, right. And then one question on the revenue guide if you look at the booking side of 9% to 12% growth that builds in a nice finish to 2013, I think at 19% growth. And I think the revenue for the year, at least at the mid-point of the guide is about 7% growth and that's with less of headwind for emulation it sounds. Could you just maybe help us reconcile that a bit, is that just sort of the ratability or is there anything else to kind of consider in those moving parts? 
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yeah. So obviously as you look at some of our newer businesses like the IP business and you look at some of the strength that Lip-Bu talked about with their innovative products, those are going to push you off in bookings and in the future show up in revenue I think more than anything else you are seeing that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, got it, that was it from me. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our final question will come from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you for taking my questions. I just have a quick question on the systems design enablement?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Mahesh, can you speak up. We were having a hard time hearing you. 
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hello, can you hear me better. 
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Better, thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Shawn for Mahesh.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Hi, Shawn.
Unidentified Analyst: Just a quick question on the system design enablement business. It sounds like a very exciting opportunity for Cadence. I just wonder do you guys have any -- have done work around the market size and what's a sustainable growth rate you think in that market and how that does that compare to the traditional the core EDA market growth overall?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Can I try to repeat it, just you -- again you Shawn, you are kind of hard to hear but we will make sure what you had asked. You asked about the systems design enablement and kind of what we see as the market opportunity?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. And what's the sustainable growth rate for the market?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And what's the growth rate of the market?
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay, so let me try to answer that and then earlier I mentioned about the discussion of the system design enablement and then how to get it from the end product and then the system view and also the suite of portfolio we have on packaging, system analysis, system IP to hardware. And then also I think I mentioned earlier the system company, the market we are addressing is much bigger. And then broadly talking about the whole system area is almost like $2.6 trillion.  And now area is starting to become an increasing part of our business. And I also mentioned earlier because of system companies, the new wave of system companies they are differentiating themselves by going vertically integration. So they come from all the way from Silicon to the SoC to the system level. And so in a way we are engaging heavily with them in terms of driving much of the silicon and also the IP requirement, the analysis of the board at system-level and also the software, the entire ecosystem requirement. And so is a whole suite of opportunity for us providing a solution to them. So clearly in terms of the market potential is much bigger. And then secondly clearly the system company, they are starting to grow rapidly in terms of beating the requirement from silicon up and then the SoC to the board, to the system and so all kinds of problem and challenges that they need help from us in terms of addressing each one of them, knowing the power, then the signal integrity and the entire board other than just silicon alone. And then also the system-level how do you address a requirement in the most power efficient way. And then those are the requirements and challenges they face and we can be a great partner for them to do that.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: I'll now turn the call over to Cadence's President and CEO Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me summarize the remarks for the -- first of all in closing. And I just want to mention that clearly this is a great year and Cadence continued to deliver great technology to our customers and our business results reflect this. While the macro environment remain uncertain and Cadence is well positioned to continue executing and supporting our customers by introducing great new products. Lastly I would like to recognize our hard-working employees for these results. And thank all of our shareholders, customers, and partners for their continuous support. Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Design Systems fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013 earnings conference call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom Lip-Bu Tan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Shawn Yuan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Auguste P. Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Justin, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Justin, and welcome to our earnings call for the third quarter of fiscal year 2013. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com, and will be archived for 2 weeks. With us today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the press release issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. A copy of today's press release, dated October 23, 2013 for the quarter ended September 28, 2013 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our record of strong execution continue as Cadence delivered solid Q3 financial results. Total revenue was $367 million, non-GAAP operating margin was 24% and operating cash flow was $98 million. First, let me comment on the environment. While demands for EDA products has been good this year, the environment remains challenging, with macro uncertainty and softness in semiconductors. As we mentioned, last quarter, most customers continue to innovate and invest in new design activities, but some are facing more challenges. Now let us review some of our Q3 highlights. Q3 was a strong quarter for Palladium. Palladium has a strong position in over 70% of the top semiconductor companies, and this year, we grew our leading position with 25 major expansions and 9 new customers. More than 40% of our Palladium business is now with system companies and this figure is growing. This quarter, we announced the new Palladium XP II system, which delivers 2x the verification productivity, higher gate density, low power consumption and represented 1/3 of Q3 Palladium emulation orders, including a transaction with Japan's National Institute of Information and Communications Technology. System development suite centered on Palladium was also enhanced with Broadcom and NVIDIA reporting orders of magnitude hardware/software verification speed-up. Q3 Palladium revenue was strong, and is now running ahead of our year-to-date estimates. But it's still expected to be down overall for the year. Our investments in expanding our IP business is producing results. We are winning new Tier 1 customers at the most advanced nodes, growing the business and gaining market segment share. Over 200 customers use our Tensilica course in associates, such as baseband IP for 4G LTE modems and audio and imaging IP for mobile, home and automotive application processors. Cadence has built a strong internal IP development team, focused on providing complete IP solutions for digital, analog and mixed-signal IP. We just released a new lineup of high-speed analog and digital data-converter IP, and we have already a design win with a key consumer electronic company. Cadence received a TSMC Partner of the Year Award for our analog and mixed-signal IP based on the quality of results we deliver. FinFET technology use breakthrough 3D transistor to reduce power and increase performance, and has a potential to significantly extend Moore's Law. Our early and deep investment in FinFET technology and design flow development are beginning to pay off. We have previously announced FinFET test chips with ARM, IBM, Samsung and TSMC, and we are working with many Tier 1 customers as they progress toward production designs at the 14- and 16-nanometer nodes. Virtuoso is the leading tool for developing FinFET cell libraries and foundation IP, and is used on nearly every design at 14 and 16 nanometers. The Cadence digital and custom/analog platforms have both received TSMC certification for the 16-nanometer tool [ph] flow, and TSMC recognized Cadence with a Partner of the Year Award for the 16-nanometer FinFET infrastructure. We recently introduced Spectre XPS, our next-generation FastSPICE simulator, which can deliver up to 10x faster throughput than computing simulators using 2 to 3x less system memory. Spectre XPS delivers orders of magnitude improvement in simulation performance for designs that continue to grow in size and complexity. We already have about 1,000 customers deploying Spectre XPS in active design, including Texas Instruments. We're extremely proud of our ability to continue to deliver innovative internally-developed technologies, including Tempus and Virtuoso EAD last quarter, and Spectre XPS and Palladium XP II this quarter. These products deliver order of magnitude improvement in performance and productivity over computing solutions. In summary, we continue to drive consistent operational and financial execution as today's results demonstrate. The introduction of Palladium XP II boosted emulation sales. We are rapidly integrating our IP acquisitions, releasing new internally developed IP and winning new business across the customer spectrum. We are actively working with many customers and partners on production FinFET designs, and our talented development teams continue to introduce innovative new products like Spectre XPS. Now I will turn the call to Geoff to review the financial results and provide our outlook.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Thank you, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll review the results for the third quarter, present our outlook for Q4 and update the outlook for 2013. Total revenue was $367 million compared to $362 million for Q2 and $330 million for the year-ago quarter. Year-over-year revenue growth was 8%. Revenue for Tensilica in Q3 was $11 million after adjustments for merger accounting. Product and maintenance revenue was $342 million, and the services revenue was $25 million. Revenue mix for the geographies was 48% for the Americas, 20% for EMEA, 20% for Asia and 12% for Japan. Total costs and expenses on a non-GAAP basis for Q3 were $278 million compared to $277 million for Q2 and $257 million for the year-ago quarter. Q3 headcount was 5,862, up 95 from Q2. The increase was primarily due to hiring in R&D and technical field support. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q3 was 24% compared to 24% for both Q2 and the year-ago quarter. For Q3, we recorded GAAP net income per share of $0.13. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.21 compared to $0.21 for both Q2 and the year-ago quarter. Operating cash flow for Q3 was $98 million compared to $75 million for Q2 and $92 million for the year-ago quarter. Total DSOs for Q3 were 26 days compared to 24 days for Q2 and 34 days for the year-ago quarter. Our DSO target remains 30 days. Capital expenditure for Q3 was approximately $12 million. Cash and short-term investments were $716 million at quarter end, with about 45% in the U.S. During the quarter, we paid down $50 million on our revolving credit facility. We have approximately $310 million of cash, U.S. cash and short-term investments, which when combined with the expected cash flow for the fourth quarter is more than sufficient to fund the operations and retire our 2013 convertible notes in December. Approximately 90% of orders booked in Q3 were ratable. The weighted average contract life was 2.6 years. On a weighted average basis, run rates on Q3 renewals increased over the prior contracts. Now let's address outlook for the fourth quarter and our update for fiscal 2013. For Q4 2013, we expect revenue to be in the range of $370 million to $380 million. This includes approximately $13 million for Tensilica, which is net of deferred revenue adjustments due to merger accounting. The Q3 revenue contribution for Cosmic and the IP business we acquired from Evatronix is small, as we're undergoing integration and convert them to U.S. GAAP accounting. Q4 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 25%. GAAP EPS for the first quarter -- fourth quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.11 to $0.13. Non-GAAP EPS for Q4 is expected to be in the range of $0.22 to $0.24. We expect Tensilica to be breakeven on a non-GAAP basis for the quarter after adjustments for merger accounting. Now for our update of fiscal 2013 outlook. Bookings are expected to be in the range of $1.56 billion to $1.58 billion, an increase from last quarter's range of $1.53 billion to $1.57 billion. We expect weighted average contract life to be approximately 2.6 years for the year and to book at least 90% of our business for the year under ratable arrangements. We expect revenue to be in the range of $1.453 billion to $1.4563 billion (sic) [$1.463 billion] for 2013, which is up from the range of 1.14 -- $1.44 billion to $1.47 billion we expected after Q2. This includes approximately $29 million for Tensilica, which is net of adjustments due to merger accounting. Like Q4, the 2013 revenue contribution is small for Cosmic Circuits and the EP -- the IP business we acquired from Evatronix. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be 24% on an annual basis for 2013. Non-GAAP other income and expense for 2013 is expected to be in the range of negative $14 million to negative $10 million. For 2013, we're assuming a non-GAAP tax rate of 26% and weighted average shares outstanding of 293 million to 296 million shares. GAAP EPS is expected to be -- for 2013 is expected to be in the range of $0.55 to $0.56. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.85 to $0.86 compared to our prior range of $0.80 to $0.89. For 2013, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $340 million to $360 million. DSO for 2013 are expected to be approximately 30 days. Capital expenditures for 2013 are expected to be approximately $45 million. In Q3, Cadence continued its strong record of operation on financial execution, with key operating metrics exceeding expectations. While the environment continues to present challenges with some customers adjusting spending, I am confident in our ability to help our customers design and build great products while delivering strong financial performance. Operator, we'll now take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The announced emulation product in the earnings release, is that enough to prop up emulation revenue growth until the next generation is released, or should we expect declines until the new platform?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Sterling, this is Lip-Bu. So first of all, I think as I mentioned in my remarks, Q3 was a strong quarter for Palladium XP, and this is a new product, our Palladium XP II, and it's a very good product and clearly improved the modification productivity and gate density and the lower power and so far, have been very well received. And clearly, as I mentioned in the Q3, significant percentage -- 1/3 of a percentage of our revenue come from Palladium II, so it's a very good product. And clearly, we are developing our next generation, but we will let you know when we are ready to announce the products.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Shawn Yuan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is Shawn Yuan sitting for Mahesh. Lip-Bu, can you comment about the competitive environment in the emulation business, specifically what's your market share there? And have you seen any shift in market share in the hardware business?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So first of all, as I mentioned in my remarks, and clearly, 70% of the top semiconductor company are using our Palladium, and then the above 40% of our revenues come from the system companies, so we are very well positioned in terms of the marketplace. Clearly, the core design, core verification requirement, time-to-market challenges, a lot of these customers really love our products, and we have 25 expansions on this key account and meanwhile, we have 7 new -- 9 new customer with us on this year. So I think overall, we're holding well. And then meanwhile, as we guided and that is ahead of our year-to-date estimates and for the year, but the whole year, we still want to make sure that we're still guiding down for the overall for the year.
Shawn Yuan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And a follow-up. So considering that most of the semi companies are missing their guidance this quarter, have you seen any cautions from your customers?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think regarding to this whole environment, clearly, the microeconomics and the semiconductor clearly, is quite uncertain. Many of our customers are doing quite well, but there's a few having softer demand and clearly, reduce their visibility. 20 years in our soft semiconductor environment, some of the customer clearly facing some challenges and are restructuring and reduced their EDA spending. As I mentioned earlier, Japan continue to be very challenging, and also in Q3, we have a few customer in the region reducing their spending. And so overall, definitely, have some impact to our growth rate. That is not just Cadence alone. I think it's for the industry also. But seeing that, clearly, we are really excited about long-term trend. I think that EDA can continue to grow very positively. And then on the Cadence side, we are excited about the tremendous progress we made in the last few years in terms of innovation, technology, customer and ecosystem partners engagement. Clearly, we want the mission that we deliver highest value to our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: In light of the current challenging environment you described in some detail, wondering how you're thinking about the overall growth rate of EDA, kind of core EDA, over the next couple of years? I mean, I think historically, you've talked about that being maybe a mid to upper single-digit type of growth rate. I'm just wondering if you can give us any color on how you're thinking about core EDA growth over the next couple of years.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Rich, it's a good question. And clearly, from a Cadence point of view, we are very focused on getting the value to our customer, and so that they can design the most challenging, incredible products that can change our lives. And so we're very much focused on providing the EDA tools and mixed-signal SoC IP-related in our solution to them, so that they can do very innovative stuff. And in saying that, in the last few years, we have been very focused on building that innovative product internally. And in the long run, I think that we'll be growing our opportunity here. And then clearly, I think the investment we make in the IP side. And most of the SoC right now, IP become very important in terms of IP plug building up the complex chip. And then the other part we see also tremendous growing in the system companies going vertical. And so I think all in all, I think long-term, I'm bullish. And in terms of the growing the EDA requirement, because a chip design is getting more and more complex. When you move down the geometry, going to be even more challenging. And EDA, too, I think is a very critical part of the design, and we are very well positioned to support some of this complex design from system level, all the way to the semiconductor design capability. So I think it's important we continue to drive innovation, keeping the order of magnitude improvement so the customer can call on us as a trusted partner to design the product. So all in all, I think the industry, all the data I can get is single-digit, mid-single-digit growth, as you can tell, we will outgrow that.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And I think, just to add on a little bit, obviously, after an extended period of time where our semiconductor customers have had some challenges and we've talked about some specific challenges in Japan, we've also had some customers come back to us and touch us for adjustments or restructuring deals going forward. There's a small number of customers doing that. So we do -- we are increasingly cautious, I think, overall on the business. Again, I don't want to overstate it. We don't believe it's a long-term trend, but it isn't -- something that could have impact on EDA in 2013 and 2014.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. My next question, I guess, really, sort of related is with respect to Japan, which you called out multiple times as being a pretty big headwind and certainly, had a big negative year-over-year comp there in this quarter. I'm just wondering when you think that might stabilize. Your comps certainly get easier as you move into 2014. Do you think there's a stable plateau we can reach there maybe in '14 or back half of '14? Just wondering how you're thinking about that Japan business, which has been going down quite a bit over the last few quarters.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, it's a very good question. This is Lip-Bu. Clearly, we're watching the Japan environment very closely. Clearly, there's a lot of challenges in Japan semiconductor industry. There's a lot of big corporation going through restructuring. Seeing that, there's some very exciting bright spots is a system company they are doing quite well, especially in the automotive side and also some of the consumer. The imaging company, they are doing extremely well. We are very well positioned to work with them and enable them with the tool and IPs and the Palladium to help them to design the greatest products. But saying that, we are very cautious and this is going to be -- not a short term. It may be a little bit longer period of restructuring, repositioning. And I think the -- I'm encouraged, I think, clearly, the Japanese customer and they are starting to make the right changes and then refocus the area that they are good at. And then we, as a trusted partner, we work very closely with them, make sure that we provide them the best tool and best IP to support them.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then Geoff, just a question on your tweak up in your bookings. Was that related to duration, or is that sort of a real -- sort of apples-to-apples increase in bookings? And if so, could you talk about where that came from within any color on sort of area of strength that generated that?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes. So it didn't have any impact, duration wasn't the cause of this. This is just a general increase in the general strength of bookings kind of across-the-board, so bits and pieces here and there. So nothing material to report.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And final one -- I actually have one more. It sounds like emulation was or is ahead of plan for the year, but you're not changing -- at least you're not changing your revenue guidance. I'm wondering, is this strength in emulation somewhat an offset to perhaps some of the incremental weakness you're seeing in Japan? Or any color on that will be helpful.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Sure, sure. I think you got it exactly right. Hardware is ahead of our expectations for the year, but we are still guiding down on the year. It is helping to offset some challenges in other places, clearly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gus Richard with Piper Jaffray.
Auguste P. Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: A couple of quarters ago, you introduced Tempus a new timing closure product. I'm just wondering if you can give us an update on how that is progressing.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Gus, this is a good question. I'm delighted to share with you. First of all, I think the signoff timing, as you know, is a very critical piece of the design process. And this product that we announced have a massive parallelism engine that can skew up to 100 CPU, and then clearly, we also can drive up to 10x faster performance. And this is what we announced. And we are working with dozens of customers and we are delighted. We have couple of paying customers. And clearly, the product show orders of magnitude of improvement in performance and the scalability. This is just one of the examples of our innovation culture at Cadence that we have very strongly embraced and encouraged.
Auguste P. Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And then a quick one for you, Geoff. I noticed that the SG&A was down sequentially or flat -- sorry, I'm looking at the wrong line. Could you just talk about the trend of SG&A and what to expect going forward?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes. So we -- as I said, when we talked about headcount being up, the headcount, the 95 people, the headcount was up was largely R&D and really the technical side of sales. I think that's where we continue to make our investment. It's in those areas. G&A, in particular, we're managing, I think, well and appropriately under the circumstances.
Auguste P. Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then last one, Geoff, I think this is your 3-year anniversary at Cadence this week, and Lip-Bu, you've been there for I think about 4 years, and I'm just wondering if you can kind of...
Geoffrey G. Ribar: 5, 5 for Lip-Bu.
Auguste P. Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Five, sorry, my mistake. If you just take a step back and sort of look at the progress you've made so far and then sort of what -- where you need to put more effort and what has gone a little bit better than planned, and just kind of give us some thoughts on what the strategy is going forward.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. It's a very good question. Let me start first. Clearly, it's quite a journey for the last 5 years. We've made tremendous progress as a company. And we put the financial strength back and then focused on the products, and in the advanced node in the most critical area, and also in the IP and our business has become more and more important. We did a couple of acquisitions. Right now, we are integrating quite well and we're starting to have a series of innovation, new product coming up on the IP -- very capable IP development team. And so I think going forward, clearly, we're now going to continue to double down in terms of innovation and R&D. I think the industry's looking forward for the innovation to help solve the most challenging design, either in the advanced node or the mixed-signal in terms of our performance, low power and some of the system-level time-to-market pressure, that's why I think our Palladium continue to do well. And then the -- so I think all in all, I think they continue to drive execution, continue to drive innovations and continue to improve the quality. And I think that is our challenge and we're looking forward to that and to support the industry. The most important, to support our customers to make sure that they can really continue to innovate, create some of the greatest, incredible products that we all can enjoy.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Geoff, for you first. Could you talk about the considerations that went into narrowing your cash flow expectations for the year rather than raising the expectation for cash flow for the year? And back on the subject of plating and emulation, you announced XP II relatively late in the quarter. I can understand how it would have had an effect on orders, but you also talked about it having had an effect on revenues. Normally, emulation products have fairly long lead times unless they're largely software upgrades. Could you talk about how you were able to convert XP II to revenues so quickly that late in the quarter? And in the context of your expectation that the emulation will be down for the year as a whole, would it be fair to say, however, that Q1 will have proven to be the bottom in absolute revenue?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So first on the cash flow, we didn't change the range at all. It was $340 million to $360 million last quarter, so we've kept the range unchanged. We've narrowed it a little bit because we're, obviously, getting closer, but the midpoint stayed unchanged just because we're getting closer to it. As far as PXP II, of course, we had that in development for a period of time beforehand, and we had the product ready when we announced it. We announce things when product is ready. And so that's why we're able to take orders and ship some products in the quarter. Again, what Lip-Bu was talking about, the better performance, that was largely on orders, right? Not just on shipments. And we tend to talk about emulation still as a year. We're running ahead of plan. Clearly, we had a nice quarter in emulation. But we still expect to be down for the year. We're not really talking about individual quarters though.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: All right. One other area where you've had some growth on a year-over-year basis is system interconnect. A lot of that over the last year was helped by the Sigrity acquisition, but you've now gone past the 1-year anniversary of that. Could you talk about the performance you're seeing now in PCB or system interconnect generally, and what your thoughts are there for the next year?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so let me start on that one, Jay. First of all, the PCB business continues to do well. And clearly, customer looking to end-to-end design. We are in a very unique position to be able to provide that end to end in terms of design capability, so that you can really address the power, signal integrity while you are developing before you do the very hard PC board. And that Sigrity turned out to be a very good acquisition for us. And we're able to provide that power analysis in our signal integrity analysis way in the beginning of the design. And the customer love it. And they continue to really welcome and then embrace our offering. And then clearly, that is very important for the high-end consumer system company, also very important for some of the infrastructure customers that they see a tremendous value for providing their hardware PC board. And I'll make sure that whatever you design, still within that power envelope and signal integrity challenges that they may have. I think overall, I have to say that this is a very good business for us, and then we will continue to invest in the area. And Sigrity acquisition had been very good -- well integrated to our Allegro product lines, and have been very well received by our customers.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, lastly for you, Lip-Bu. Could you talk about the management changes that you made over the summer? In terms of changing assignments, and roles and so forth, what are you thinking in terms of the kinds of technology or measurable business results that you would like to see ensue from those changes that you might not have had, had you kept the old structure in place or the old management arrangement in place?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so I think very good question. Last quarter, we make some of the management reorganization, with that same objective. One is clearly better alignment of our product groups; and then secondly, to accelerate our growth and then increase focus on the key opportunity we are addressing; and then thirdly, is to leverage the unique strength of Cadence team to compete more effectively against our competitor and also can serve our customer better. And so I think we can clearly breakdown down to 4 group: One is Digital signal -- Signoff Group that is very focused on the digital. There's a lot of challenges from the customer feedback. And then secondly, is the System Verification Group, that really put the hardware, software, all verification related into one umbrella, that can really service and focus on the customer needs. And then the third group is IP. IP, from design to verification, how can we tie in via Silicons our proven solution to our customer. And then finally, Custom and Packaging -- PCB packaging into one group. And it is a very important custom/analog mixed-signal and all the way through IC and Packaging very related. This is a very important group for us. So I think all of them, all 4 of them are really focused on growth, focused on focus, and focused on giving the best solutions to the customer, and that they can be more effectively compete in the marketplace.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: First question is on the digitalized [ph] and device segment. If I look at it, the segment grew nicely in Q1 and Q2 year-over-year, but flat in Q3. Is there kind of any particular reason or seasonality in contracts or something?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so let me try to address that first. And first of all, clearly, this primary timing of the contract renewals and also associate revenue recognition. And we also have -- the other thing is clearly, we have a lot of the new product coming up that we mentioned earlier in Tempus, Signoff, and also now heavy investing into our digital flow in the advanced nodes. And so clearly, we are getting much stronger in terms of product line and clearly, EDI is a very competitive situation. A lot of investment needed on the 16-nanometer and 14-nanometer. We are delighted to be certified by TSMC and then also kind of support us on the 16-nanometer, the panels of choice and panel of the year award. But saying that, it continue to be very competitive and continue to be challenging in terms of EDA budget, and so it may have some seasonal impact because of timing of some of the contracts.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And, Lip-Bu, you talked about softness in the Japanese semi industry, maybe could you talk about trends that you're seeing in other geographies?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think Japan we kind of singled out that it's challenging. We also mentioned a few customers in the other region also facing some challenges, and then they also request for EDA spend reductions. We work with them, and we continue to support them and then give them the solution that they can turn around and be successful again. So I think all in all, it continues to be uncertain and challenging environment. That is not only to Cadence. This is pretty much known when you hear other earnings call, a lot of mix results from various of our customers.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then EVE somehow on their earnings call, you talked about it. They think that customers could likely follow, like they would track a 10-nanometer, which means the customers have prepared both for EUV and multiple patterning at the 10-nanometer node, right? So the question is do you think this dual-track strategy will benefit the EDA industry? And if yes, would you be able to quantify some of the benefits?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think that the EUV is kind of more further out. And clearly ASML and a few others are working on it. So very heavy investment is needed. And clearly, that is very challenging, but it could be a few years out. In the shorter term, I think most of the customer, Tier 1 customer we support and then try to get them into the production next year is more on the FinFET advanced node 14, 16, double, triple patterning, so they can extend the Moore's Law. Seeing that, we also engage with some customers and foundry panels on the 10-nanometer discussion, but it's in a very early stage of engagement.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: I have question for Geoff. Geoff, you talked about like 25% operating margin target, and you're kind of close to that. Next quarter, you are guiding to 25% of margins. So the question is do you think there is operating line when you're beyond 25% of the model? And maybe could you talk about how to think about it, provide some guidance on that?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes. So one of the achievements that we've been quite proud of is getting to the mid-20s. We never said 25% but getting to the mid-20s. Now we did that this year in an environment. We did a couple of acquisitions with merger accounting that could have provided some headwinds, but we still managed to get there. We do believe there's leverage in the model, going forward. But with the acquisitions and with growth potentially being slower, we are going to pay attention to that. And so we do expect to have leverage. We do understand the growth. We'll give you a better read on future growth when we give guidance in 2014 and the impact on any new targets for operating profitability when we guide 2014.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then just the last one for me. I mean given the challenges in manufacturing, double pattern, triple quad, EUV, some customers are really looking at 3D designs, maybe stacking the chips, right, think that is, of course, not 3D NAND or hybrid memory cube in DRAM, you're seeing some larger customers start to talk about the 3D stacking the ISO. So maybe could you talk on the high-level how it could beneficial to EDA, if you think it could be?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, very much so, and we are investing in the 2.5D and 3D capability. We're clearly working with our foundry partners. So I think some of this 3D technology clearly can benefit in terms of scalability. And clearly, the challenge, really, is the design cost and then how to bring the cost down. And we are working with some of our customers to work on that. When is it going to be massive deploy, very hard to tell, but I think we are working very closely with our foundry partners driving some of the 3D development and make sure that our tool is ready to support it. It's very challenging. And I think the timing of deployment, it will depend on the cost. We can bring the cost down, then there'll be more production in terms of volume and more massively scale. And so those are the challenges facing, but we are very much on top of it just like FinFET.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Geoff, first a question on the revolver. Maybe a little detail on the activity over the last quarter or 2 in light of a pretty big cash balance that you have?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So, Tom, you kind of broke up, but I think you're asking on the revolver, the line of credit?
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Yes.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes. So we paid that down about $50 million, so we're down. We took it from $100 million down to $50 million outstanding at the end of the quarter.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. I mean just in light of the cash that you have on hand, I was wondering what the need of the revolver is in the first place.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: The revolver always provides a certain amount of assurance and security, right? And I think the other thing is, obviously, the interest rate environments are very attractive, and having a revolver in that type of situation with the rates kind of locked in is only a good thing for the flexibility for the corporation.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay, understood. And then, Lip-Bu, I was hoping for more kind of a big-picture view of emulation and how you've seen that, your view of that market has changed over the last few quarters or year, and what you believe the actual size of the market is and the growth potential.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think to continue now the discussion I have, the hardware emulation become more and more important in terms of time-to-market challenges. And clearly, in our Palladium, it's very well received, and clearly, we see growth in that system companies, more than 40% are supporting that. And then clearly, 70% of top semiconductor company are using the Palladium. Clearly, the XP II that the new product that we announced is a very good product, 2x the verification activity, and then clearly, we have more embedded software built into it. We also increased the density, and so the substantial improve on that. And we're also starting to work on -- rapidly into the simulation acceleration, which have been traditionally strong for our competitor. And so we are also moving in. So I think all in all, we're excited about the hardware emulation, hardware/software code design code verification. It's become really challenging for our customer. That's why we put that whole verification system group under one roof, under one leader. And then driving the hardware/software inspiration more effectively. And then also beside doing the emulation, we're also moving into simulation of acceleration. And so that will be the top now on that effort.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I guess in general, going forward, do you see that as more of a -- obviously, it's a bigger space, but is it a more stable space than it used to be? I mean obviously in the past, you had some pretty big swings up and down through the cycles for EDA.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, clearly I mean this is a hardware product, always will be lumpy. And that's why even though we are ahead of the year-to-date estimate, we are still expected to be down for the year because now in this very challenging environment, the hardware is always very lumpy. And we continue to drive value, continue to drive success with the leading top semiconductor company and also leading system company to make sure that we provide the solution for them, addressing the time-to-market challenges. But saying that, I think we continue to be cautious.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So, Tom, again, as I think Lip-Bu said earlier and I said earlier, this is certainly a challenging environment and is increasingly challenging and we're increasingly cautious. We're proud of our emulation performance, and we're proud of our financial results in those. But clearly in this environment, we can see some impact on our revenue for 2013 and likely into 2014 also. It's a challenging environment.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to zero in on some of the comments that you've made here late in the Q&A, around the tougher environment. So first question, I guess, would be looking at the R&D budgets for semiconductor companies, I think they've been set -- and it doesn't sound like anybody has asked for budget back. So do you think that your end customers will use the budgets that are currently authorized so we should see kind of that a decent finish to the year, or are you concerned that maybe there's an ask back where they don't completely spend the budgets they have currently authorized?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So 2 points. Certainly, the guidance we give takes in our best view of the environment for Q4. Having said that, we have had some ask backs from customers, or restructurings from customers. And again, we care a lot about customers and we're responsive when they are in a situation where they need that. That has clearly had some impact on Q3 results and Q4 results. We're very proud of what we've done so far. But those restructurings and things that have already happened will likely impact 2014 so...
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And, Lip-Bu, as you're look and have your conversations with customers, do you think whatever we see in terms of the budget and the spending is being either hampered or constrained by a lack of headcount growth because we haven't seen a pickup in bookings? Or that lever versus the additional licenses per engineer for certain products maybe not going through again because of the environment?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think it's hard to generalize. Clearly, and as I mentioned, some of the companies are doing quite well, especially in the -- some of the leader in the mobile smartphone area and also in the automotive area. And clearly, the PC related, it's kind of having a challenging time and are declining. And then the server and the infrastructure are actually doing quite well. And so I think it's kind of a customer-to-customer. Some of the budget, they have a reduction because they are restructuring. And then some of them, actually, are growing, and they are engaging quite heavily in the new innovation and the new development, and then some of the new products that are going come out and then some of the system company are moving in to do vertical integration. We are excited about that. So I think in some area, they have the engineering reduction. I think you can tell, which of the company. And then some of them are growing, and they're hiring. And we are heavily engaging with those that are hiring and winning. We are on the mission that we provide the tool for them to make sure that they can do other incredible development innovation product that are going to come out. And so all across-the-board, I'm kind of cautious, optimistic and clearly some of the challenging one, we work through with them. They will have some impact in Q4 and then some in 2014. Some of them, we are growing with them. We're working closely with them. You may not see the revenue jump right away, but we are well positioned for the future. In the longer term, we grow with them.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: We're quite proud of our performance under a challenging environment, right through Q1, Q2 and Q3.
Operator: That was our final question. I'll now hand the call back over to Cadence President and CEO, Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing, Cadence continue to deliver great technology to our customers, and our business results reflect this. While the macro environment remain uncertain, with some customers continuing to face challenges, Cadence is well positioned to continue executing and supporting our customers by introducing great new products. Lastly, I would like to recognize our hard-working employees for these results and thank all of our shareholders and customers and partners for their continued support. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Design Systems Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom Lip-Bu Tan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Auguste P. Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ginger, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Ginger, and welcome to our earnings conference call for the second quarter of fiscal year 2013. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com, and will be archived for 2 weeks. With us today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause the difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. A copy of today's press release dated July 24, 2013, for the quarter ended June 29, 2013, and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Cadence delivered solid results in Q2. Total revenue was $362 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 24%, and operating cash flow was $75 million. This result reflects our ability to support our customers' needs to innovate and invest in new design activities. They also reflect the strength of our organization, our products and our customer relationships. As had been the case for the past 3 years, the environment continues to be challenging, with macro uncertainty and softness in semiconductors. Despite that, most of our customers continue to innovate and invest in new design activities. Now let us review some of the Q2 highlights. Our customers expect Cadence to collaborate with them and their ecosystems as they develop, design and build their great products. They look to us for innovative design solutions. Today, I will highlight 2 of our recent internally developed innovations, one in timing signoff and the other in custom/analog design. I will also highlight our progress in IP as we closed additional acquisitions in Q2 and sign our largest design IP contract to date. Timing signoff is a critical step in the design flow. We introduced Tempus, a breakthrough static timing analysis and closure tool. It will enable system-on-a-chip developers to accelerate timing closure and to move their chip design to fabrication more quickly. Tempus used a massive distributed parallel engine that can scale across hundreds of CPUs to deliver up to 10x faster performance than traditional timing analysis solutions. It can handle designs with hundreds of millions of objects without compromising accuracy and deliver faster and more accurate design closure and signoff. TSMC certified Tempus for signoff on their 20-nanometer processes. Having a powerful timing signoff solution will complement Encounter, our digital design platform. In custom/analog, we are extending our leadership by continuing to invest in more automated solutions and addressing advanced nodes into FinFET. We recently introduced an electrically-aware design capability in the Virtuoso custom design platform. This is a ground-breaking approach to custom/analog design. It provides electrically-aware feedback during layout design. This enables engineers to reduce their design cycle up to 30%, in addition to optimizing chip size and performance. Earlier this month, we announced that TSMC expanded their collaboration with Cadence for custom/analog design. TSMC deployed Virtuoso for advanced nodes into 16-nanometer FinFET designs. TSMC will create and deliver native SKU-based process design kits, also known as PDK. PDKs will provide -- these PDKs will provide the best user experience and the highest level of accuracy for Virtuoso customers. As you know, growing our IP business is a key focus for Cadence. In Q2, we expanded our IP portfolio. In addition to the Tensilica acquisition, we closed the acquisitions of Cosmic Circuits and the Evatronix IP business. These acquisitions add complementary USB and MIPI IP that is silicon proven at advanced nodes. They also bring us talented development teams in India and Poland. We'll begin integrating Tensilica, Cosmic Circuits and Evatronix IP business with earlier acquisitions and our internal development teams. As a result, Cadence now offers a broad IP portfolio that addresses the IP requirements of our customers. We've demonstrated this by signing our largest design IP contract so far, a multimillion dollar deal with an Asian customer. This contract includes a combination of products such as TDR, MIPI, USB IP. The MIPI and USB IP are from Cosmic Circuits. Our Tensilica business is off to a good start with a strong quarter. The transition had been smooth, and the customer interest, engagement and orders are strong. Our verification IP, or VIP, business continues to be strong. We work closely with the standards bodies so that we can introduce new VIP and memory models at or even before the ratification of the newest protocols. New VIP introduced this quarter includes HDMI 2.0, mobile PCI Express and WIO 2.0. Finally, I wanted to provide an update on the acquisition of Sigrity, which we completed a year ago. Sigrity is contributing to the renewed growth of our printed circuit board, or PCB, business. Our PCB business is reaching an inflection point as customers move to high-speed design for mobile, consumer and cloud infrastructure segments. The combination of our Allegro product line plus Sigrity power, signal and thermal analysis gives us a complete solution to address the requirements for development of high-speed products. For the first half of 2013, our PCB and IC packaging revenue was up more than 30% over the first half of 2012. In summary, this quarter, we introduced 2 innovative products in the digital and custom/analog domains. We closed 3 previously announced IP acquisitions and now have the critical mass needed to address more of our customers' IP requirements. We are continuing to attract top talent to Cadence, both through hiring and acquisitions, which keeps strengthening our innovation engine. We continue to drive excellent operational and financial performance, as today's results demonstrate. Now I will turn the call over to Geoff to review the financial results and provide our outlook.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll review the results for the second quarter, present our outlook for Q3 and update the outlook for 2013, including our recently closed acquisitions. Q2 was a solid quarter. Our guidance was for meaningful growth and we delivered that. In addition, we announced new products and closed several acquisitions, all of which will help us continue our growth into the future. Total revenue was $362 million compared to $354 million for Q1 and $326 million for the year-ago quarter. Year-over-year growth was 11%. Revenue for Tensilica in Q2 was $6 million after adjustments for merger accounting. Product and maintenance revenue was $338 million and services revenue was $24 million. The revenue mix for the geographies was 45% for the Americas, 21% for EMEA, 21% for Asia and 13% for Japan. Total cost and expenses on a non-GAAP basis for Q2 were $277 million compared to $270 million for Q1, and $253 million for the year-ago quarter. Q2 headcount was 5,767 people compared to 5,312 people for Q1. The increase was due primarily to acquisitions, plus hiring in R&D and technical field support. Non-GAAP operating income for Q2 was 24% compared to 24% for Q1 and 23% for the year-ago quarter. For Q2, we recorded GAAP net income per share of $0.03. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.21 compared to $0.21 for Q1 and $0.19 for the year-ago quarter. Operating cash flow for Q2 was $75 million compared to $75 million for Q1 and $67 million for the year-ago quarter. Total DSOs for Q2 were 24 days compared to 20 days for Q1 and 36 days for the year-ago quarter. Our DSO target is approximately 30 days. Capital expenditures for Q2 were approximately $17 million. Capital expenditures were up from last quarter, and mostly due to acquisition-related spending on facilities and IT. Cash and short-term investments were $678 million at quarter end, with about 40% in the U.S. In April, we drew down $100 million on our revolving credit facility. We have approximately $275 million of U.S. cash and short-term investments, which when combined with the expected cash flow for the second half is more than sufficient to fund operations and retire our 2013 convertible notes in December. More than 90% of all orders booked in Q2 are ratable. Weighted average contract life was 2.7 years. On a weighted average basis, run rates on Q2 renewals increased over the prior contracts. Now let's address our outlook for the third quarter and our update for fiscal 2013. For Q3 2013, we expect revenue to be in the range of $360 million to $370 million. This includes approximately $9 million for Tensilica, which was net of deferred revenue adjustments due to merger accounting. For Cosmic Circuits and the Evatronix IP business, the Q3 revenue contribution is small as we undergo integration and convert them to U.S. GAAP accounting. Q3 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 23% to 24%. Non-GAAP total costs and expenses will be up sequentially, primarily due to acquisitions, including Cosmic Circuits and the Evatronix IP business. GAAP EPS for the third quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.08 to $0.10. Non-GAAP EPS for Q3 is expected to be in the range of $0.19 to $0.21. We expect Tensilica to be breakeven on a non-GAAP basis for the quarter after adjustments for merger accounting. The combination of Cosmics and the Evatronix IP business is expected to be slightly [ph] dilutive on a non-GAAP basis for Q3. Now for an update of fiscal 2013. Bookings are expected to be in the range of $1.53 billion to $1.57 billion, an increase from last quarter's range of $1.48 billion to $1.53 billion -- both of those are billions, excuse me. The increase is attributable to organic growth, increased Tensilica bookings and additional Cosmic Circuits and the Evatronix IP business. We expect weighted average contract life to be approximately 2.6 years for the year and to book at least 90% of our business for the year under ratable arrangements. We expect revenue to be in the range of $1.445 billion to $1.45 billion -- $1.465 billion, again repeat that, $1.445 billion to $1.465 billion for 2013, compared to $1.44 billion to $1.47 billion for the last quarter. This includes approximately $27 million for Tensilica, net of deferred revenue adjustments due to merger accounting, which is unchanged from our prior estimate. For Cosmic Circuits and the Evatronix IP business, the Q3 -- the 2013 revenue contribution is small as we undergo integration and convert them to U.S. GAAP accounting. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 24% on an annual basis for 2013. This is slightly lower than last quarter's range due to the acquisitions of Cosmic Circuits and the Evatronix IP business. Non-GAAP other income or expenses for 2013 is expected to be in the range of negative $16 million to negative $10 million. For 2013, we are assuming a non-GAAP tax rate of 26% and weighted average shares outstanding of 293 million to 300 million shares. GAAP EPS for 2013 is expected to be in the range of $0.45 to $0.54. Non-GAAP EPS range is expected to be in the range of $0.80 to $0.89 compared to the prior range of $0.81 to $0.91. We expect Tensilica to be approximately breakeven on a non-GAAP basis for the second half after adjustments for merger accounting. The combination of Cosmic Circuits and the Evatronix IP business should be approximately $0.01 dilutive on a non-GAAP basis for the second half. We expect a further $0.01 of dilution from the effect of our current stock price and a fully diluted share count. This is primarily due to the 2015 convertible notes. For 2013, we expect operating cash flow in the range of $335 million to $365 million compared to the prior range of $360 million to $390 million. The reduction is primarily due to merger-related outflows. DSOs for 2013 are expected to be approximately 30 days. Capital expenditures for 2013 are expected to be approximately $45 million. This is up from $40 million we estimated last quarter, primarily due to acquisition-related spending. So in summary, Cadence continued its strong record of execution. I like the way we are both developing new breakthrough products and making acquisitions that move our strategy forward. The integration of the IP acquisitions is going well. While the environment continues to present challenges, I am comfortable and confident in our ability to help our customers design and build great products while generating strong financial performance. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Geoff, could you break down the increase in the bookings guidance range for the year? It sounds like that went up by about $40 million to $50 million from the last guidance. When you waive guidance for bookings at the end of Q1, by $55 million, $40 million of that was for Tensilica, $15 million was organic. Can you go through the same exercise now for the updated guidance for 2013?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, I think what we're willing to say, Jay, is that the issues that we highlighted and raised, generally the duration expanded a little bit slightly. Tensilica was a big part of it and then the addition of Cosmic and Evatronix. We don't -- we're not going to break out the numbers, but each of them contributed. And we're quite happy with the strength in Tensilica's bookings.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Also, with respect to emulation hardware, normally, when your product cost or revenues declined, as they did sequentially and even more so year-over-year, in the second quarter, we would correlate that to a decline in your hardware verification revenues unless as you had in Q4 last year a substantial increase in the gross margin for the hardware. Could you talk about the margins or just the overall performance that you did achieve in May in hardware verification?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, so hardware verification was actually up from quarter-to-quarter. Several things going into COGS. Obviously, the gross margin impacts us. Inventory reserves, et cetera, impact us. And we won't discuss that in detail, but the hardware business was actually up quarter-over-quarter, and we were quite happy with that.
Lip-Bu Tan: May be I can add to that, Jay. I think that Palladium hardware is a strong quarter for us. We are competitive in Ricoh and Mitsubishi Electric, and significantly increased our capacity growth in mobile and system customers. And overall, we are the leader in the hardware emulation, and we expect that emulation revenue will be off this year from the peak last year. So I think pretty much consistent to our expectation.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: I guess 2 last ones. Because you mentioned a couple of Japanese customers. In your first quarter 10-Q, you mentioned that for the remainder of 2013, you expected your business in Japan to decline. In light of this recent new business, do you still expect that? And if so, when do you think Japan might bottom for you? And then I'll finish up on a FinFET question.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, so our Japan business did decline, as you look at the supplemental schedules. And that's clear. I mean, obviously, the Japanese semiconductor business and overall Japanese environment is challenging. Certainly, there are some impact from exchange rates that are also impacting us. And then, yes, we saw that in Q2, and we expect that to potentially continue into Q3 and Q4.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think on the Japan side, just to add on a little bit, I just came back from Japan. Overall, I think it will continue to be challenging this year, but they are taking a lot of step in the restructuring. And then some of the system companies continue to be very strong. So overall, I'm cautiously optimistic.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then lastly on FinFET, which was, of course, much of a discussion at the Design Automation Conference last month. Can you say if there are any customers that right now have deployed what you would call a reasonably complete or ideal FinFET-enabled flow? And more broadly, how are you thinking about the incremental new business revenue opportunity from any FinFET-related retooling? When we go through that exercise, we come up with effective categories that might be touched by retooling that comprise not much more than 1/3 of industry revenues today, including, for example, a place and route and a few others. Most of that is already recurring or under maintenance. So it would seem that the actual amount of new business potential that could be touched by retooling is relatively a small percentage of the total industry revenue, as it looks today. Maybe you could share your thoughts on that.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure, Jay. That's a good question. So let me just talk about this whole FinFET. Clearly, we are talking quite closely with a couple of customer and panels like ARM, IBM, Samsung, GLOBALFOUNDRIES, TSMC. These are whole 16-nanometers, 14-nanometer FinFET. We're doing a couple of test chips, and we're working very deeply with our IP partner and our foundry partners. And overall, it's going to be challenging. I think the production at best from my personal view is sometime next year, second half. And so I think the revenue growth and the potential I think is going to be small but over time become very important. And then also, I think some of the customers are pushing the envelope. Some of the customers I think do also look at the volume and now in the 20-nanometer. And so clearly, our Encounter, our Virtuoso, our signoff new tool, fully qualify that foundry at 20-nanometer. So some of the customers are engaging in the 20-nanometer such as the test chip we have with ARM, TSMC, Samsung and ST. So overall, I think our tools are ready for both 14, 16 FinFET or the 20-nanometer. I think in terms of the part of the FinFET, in terms of volume production, there are still some challenges. And I want to be more conservative. Sometime next year, we may see some volume production, but I think realistically, you're really looking at 2016 for some meaningful contribution. Back to your question on the tool side, most important, we get ourselves ready, and at most we're now able to scale to those requirement. And the good news is all these challenging complex design in FinFET, advanced nodes, a lot of customers lean on us a lot more so that EDA industry, the development, the design tool to enable them is critical for them. So that should be a plus for the industry.
Operator: Your next question is from Gus Richard from Piper.
Auguste P. Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: First of all, on the new timing product, can you talk about when we might expect to start to see revenue and how that stacks up against the competition?
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So I think this is a good question, Gus. So a couple of things I just want to highlight and note. The Tempus is our internally developed tool. This is a very exciting tool for us because it's clearly a new and exciting timing and it's 10x -- up to 10x the performance compared to the traditional timing. And so this is a very breakthrough technology that we are excited about. And it's very scalable. You can scale all the way to 100 CPUs. And so this is very exciting, as I mentioned in my script. And we are in the very early stage of engaging with the customer at the beta. So far, the response from our customer are very excited and overwhelming. So it's too early to tell about the revenue projections, but stay tuned and we over time will progress and update you. But I just want to make it clear, this is in a beta situation. But it's very scalable, and we don't compromise on accuracy. And it's really driving a 10x performance improvement, and that is very significant.
Auguste P. Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And then just sort of an odd question. Can you talk a little bit about what's going on in Japan? There's been quite a bit of movement among the companies in Japan. And I was wondering if you could talk about market share opportunities or any -- just sort of competitive dynamics in Japan.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think Japan is, as I mentioned, is generally challenging because they're going through quite a transformation. And some of the Japan companies are going through a challenging time. They cut back some of their EDA spend. And then meanwhile, the system companies continue to do well in Japan, and we are very optimistic about that. And then meanwhile, some of the Japanese companies right now are going to restructuring and improving their situation. We are, as a trusted partner, we continue to work closely with them and then work with them on their recovery. And then our job is to get them the best tools, the best IP, the quality IP, to enable them to be successful during that downturn. That's what a partner is for. So it is something that we are cautiously optimistic, and then hopefully next year will be better for them. We continue to work deeply with them.
Auguste P. Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And so can I take this to mean your revenue in Japan is relatively stable at this point?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So our revenue actually, if you look at the supplemental schedules, you'll be able to see that it was about -- down about $8 million from Q1 to Q2. Largely that was one of our larger customers in Japan reduced their overall EDA spend, and one of our competitors gained some share there. We also are impacted, obviously, by more complex things like the yen and the foreign exchange rates and the overall semiconductor business. Again, we continue to do good business with that customer. It's just that overall, as they've restructured, we've lost a little bit of market share there. We expect that trend to continue into Q3 and Q4 in Japan.
Operator: Your next question is from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First, I want to talk about the duration. I noticed that you've gone to the 2.6-year, which was the high end of the previous range. Are you seeing a broader-based increase in terms of where customers want to go with their contract length? Or is this just bigger contracts moving longer that's skewing the range?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, so obviously, Sterling, you saw that we took the bookings guidance up, right, as we continue to do quite well from a bookings perspective. Obviously, some of that's going to be bigger customers, and bigger customers generally want a little bit longer duration. And I think that's probably the overwhelming reason why the duration is at the high end of the range. Again, for us, it's within the noise level. But it is something that we did want to point out.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And because of that duration now going to the upper end of the previous range, that also has an impact on what the revenue contribution for this year will look like, correct?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, it does, right. As you noticed, the bookings went up but the revenue didn't go up. And that's largely for a couple of reasons: the duration going little bit longer, the addition of strong performance out of Tensilica, in addition to the Cosmic and Evatronix, which don't immediately impact revenue but will impact revenue over time. So we like that trend.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is there any impact on collections and cash flow from the duration change?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Very little. As you know, we work very hard to match cash flow with revenue recognition. And we don't try to collect cash upfront. So there's very little impact on the cash flow from the increase in duration.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Can you walk us through -- you changed the cash flow guidance. You brought it down and you pointed to some acquisition impacts. Can you be more specific in terms of both quantitively and qualitatively what those impacts are?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Sure. So the 2 big chunks are in M&A. The first is the addition of Cosmic and Evatronix, and they're operating expenses, right? They are -- as we said, they are slightly dilutive for the year of about $0.01. That's all expenses, right? So that's the first part. The second part is largely M&A-related expenses that flow through operating cash, like fees, like transaction costs, those types of things. Those don't flow per GAAP through investments They're through operating cash. And that's the vast majority of the $25 million reduction in cash flow.
Operator: Your next question is from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Let me talk about the IP business getting to a critical level. Do you have a target in mind in terms of product portfolio or the revenue level where you want to see stabilize at? I'm assuming you're still looking for more acquisitions. So can you give us some of the targets you're looking at for the IP business?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think, Mahesh, first of all, I think we don't break down on the IP in the revenue. But I think through these couple of acquisitions, I think we clearly have the critical mass in terms of our broad IP portfolio to support our customers. As you recall, we have a very strong leading in the verification IP. And then these 3 acquisition -- 4 actually, but Evatronix IP and our [indiscernible] IP, is really tied to strengthen our design IP portfolio. I think we have a lot to integrate, a lot to optimize and then providing a really good silicon-proven quality portfolio. So I think overall, we are very optimistic. And the response from our customer is very, very positive. They really like our portfolio. We are heavily engaging, and then they're clearly -- the Tensilica, we have a very strong quarter. And we have a lot of engagement with our customer. Cosmic Circuits, Evatronix just completed. We're already able to demonstrate in terms of a big design IP win, the contract that I referred to. And so all in all, I think we're continuing to do well, focus on integration, focus on driving efficiency, engaging heavily with our customer. And then meanwhile, we continue to look out for the right acquisition in terms of its fit into our portfolio that can strengthen our team and the talents and continue to drive the footprint. So all in all, we are happy with what we have and very focused on execution and drive quality and drive customer engagement.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And I'll give you just a couple of quick numbers. Again, as we said last quarter and this quarter, Tensilica is about $27 million of revenue for this year, right? And that's after merger accounting, right? And it includes the fact that we didn't acquire them for the full year. Cosmic and the Evatronix IP business is essentially minimal for this year as we go through merger accounting and then get them on U.S. GAAP.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And Geoff, you mentioned in your prepared remarks something about the run rate at the customer better than the historical. Can you elaborate a little bit more on that one?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Sure, run rate is a surrogate for revenue, and what happens is when we say the -- when we get -- close out an old contract and start a new contract, when the revenue projection or the run rate number actually goes up, that implies that we're getting a better contract or more revenue out of that contract on a going forward basis. And that was a point of that. So again, that focuses on continuing working on deal quality, continuing expansion in the number of engineers, continuing expansion of market share of some of these customers.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can you give us a ballpark growth in that run rate overall?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: No, we don't give that number out. It's a confidential metric.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, I understand that. And just one last question. Lip, when you talked about the Virtuoso win at TSMC, can you explain a little bit more what is TSMC employing that Virtuoso platform, what's the purpose of that?
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. A couple of things that I just highlighted. One is they deploy our Virtuoso for their advanced nodes, including the 16-nanometer FinFET design. That is very significant. And then secondly, TSMC also will create and deliver native SKU-based PDK, and that is also a very significant achievement from our side and then partnering with them in a very deep fashion so that they can provide the user the experience, the level of accuracy. And also I mentioned about our exciting improvement on the Virtuoso in terms of electrically-aware design. And that gave our very strong feedback, improved the integration, the cycle time, more than 30%. So we continue taking the leadership even further on the automation of Virtuoso. And then the TSMC, their support is critical for our customer's success.
Operator: Your next question is from Rich Valera from Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to circle back to the prior question about the increase in bookings but no increase in revenue. Understanding that the duration effect, would have still thought there would be some contribution there from the increased bookings, and it sounds like you already got a sizable order from Cosmic, and I would think maybe you'd see some revenue in the current year. So I'm just wondering, is there something in the base business perhaps the Japan effect that you alluded to earlier that's causing lower revenue at the margin than you'd expected previously that's going be offsetting some of the contribution from some of the acquisitions or the higher bookings?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, so Cosmic and the Evatronix IP business are both largely done and completion, right, of a transaction. So we don't get revenue along the way. So even though we get bookings from them, it's largely out of completion that we can recognize revenue. And so that's over time. We also have done better with Tensilica. A portion of that was a contract extension for a large customer. And so that would, obviously, have revenue in the future. And then the duration going up is largely the impact. There's not a particular impact besides what we already talked about in Japan that's affecting revenue elsewhere.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then in the prepared remarks, you talked about the PCB business being some -- I think you said 30% half-on-half growth. And I'm just wondering how sustainable or how anomalous that is. And how do you think about that business going forward? Is it something that you see as a solid double-digit grower going forward? Or is there anything you'd be willing to say about the sustainable growth rate of that PCB business now?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think Rich, that is a good question. I highlight that because 1 year ago, we acquired Sigrity. It's a very good acquisition for us that provided the power, signal, integrity and thermal analysis. That gave us -- our customer really like that. That is very important for them. And a very early design to be able to identify some of the issue in power and so many -- integrity. And that's helped tremendously our PCB offering, making it more complete. And that's why you see a big jump on that, 30%. And then the other part is because of some of this feature and performance and analysis is very critical for the high-speed design, especially in the high-end mobile, consumer-related, and also some of the infrastructure segment. That's why they drive the growth. And this is just a result for this quarter. We don't indicate in the future how it's going to look like. But we are cautiously optimistic, and we are very encouraged by the vertical market that's driving, and we see the value of the acquisitions.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And you mentioned emulation a few times, and I guess it was -- something was up sequentially. Are your expectations unchanged relative to your initial guidance for the year, where you said it would be down and I think most of us have heard sort of down -- sort of low double digits? Any changes in your emulation expectations relative to that initial guidance?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Obviously, we can't comment on the double-digits, but we guided this year as being down from last year after a couple of very strong years in a row. We're still with that guidance that it will be down for this year over the past 2 strong years.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And I've tried this before, and I suspect I'll get the same answer. But anything you're willing to say about the development of sort of the successor to Palladium II at this point?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think, Rich, now first of all, clearly the Palladium XP continues to do well. We are continuing to be the leader in this space. And clearly, it's a strong quarter for us. We have significant capacity growth in the mobile end system. Overall, we continue to do well on that. Like any business, we always focus on the R&D development for the next generation. And then the moment in time that the product is ready to announce, and we will announce that.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And we're still convinced we have the best product out of there and so are our customers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Krish Sankar from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of them. Geoff, if I remember right, historically, your bookings have had a seasonally strong Q4. Is this still the case? Or has something changed with all the acquisitions?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, we generally talk about bookings on a yearly basis and don't talk about seasonal periods anymore. I think some of our competitors who have a different business model sometimes talk about that. But we really just talk about the year. And I think if you look from Q1 to Q2 and then with the guidance that we've given here each time we break the booking guidance for year, and I think that's where we're comfortable with.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. All right, fair enough. And then on the emulation business, what do you think is the growth rate for emulation for the industry over the next couple of years?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think it's very hard to get those data, but I think so far, we see from the customer pattern anything that are in the advanced node, complex design and then more and more system companies driving some of this hardware emulation because earlier that identified the box, you have the time-to-market. And also the complexity verification becomes more and more important. So I think we'll continue to see the continuing interest from our customer to deploy and scale massively. And so I think we see our growth business, continue growing business. And then meanwhile, we will continue to really serve the customer well and provide the capacity that they need and the performance they need and then continue to serve them and support them in an effective way. So it's a good quarter for us, and we are cautiously optimistic. But always -- the hardware business is always more challenging and hard to predict. We just want to make sure that we continue to provide the value to our customer. That I think is a key thing for us as a discipline.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. So along the same lines, if there's still growth left, is it fair to just assume that the emulation business starts growing again next year for you guys?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: We're not guiding 2014 yet, Krish, but again we do believe overall for the whole industry that this is clearly a sector of growing business over the foreseeable future. Again, for us we'll guide 2014 when we do our Q4 earnings call in January.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then the final question is, I understand like how FinFET is very difficult and like the foundries need to do a lot of investment in R&D on it. Just kind of curious from your guys' viewpoint, if FinFET gets pushed out from next year into 2015, how would it impact [indiscernible] or the EDA industry in general?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Now first of all, I think FinFET, as I mentioned, is not as easy and it's challenging. And then we are -- a lot of -- a couple of key leading customers and our foundry partners, we work very close with them. And we have a couple of test chips and I'm especially naming ARM and TSMC, Samsung. We are heavily working with them, GLOBALFOUNDRIES, and then in time we'll get test chip working. And then production in a very cost-effective and economically way for our customer, that is still out there and still need challenges to work. So in that, clearly, customers need us to really design around that and then also drive some of the efficiency that they need. And that's why you see a tremendous growth from the EDA players because customers need us to help them. That's why the collaboration, the partnership, work closely with the customer, is critical for our success. And in the last few years, we have been very focused on that, and then deliver the value, the solutions they need to design the complex chip, either it's an advanced node, 20-nanometer or FinFET, 14, 16 or beyond. And I think we just are more and more needed for our service.
Operator: Your next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of follow-ups. One referring to a very recent customer presentation by Samsung last month at the conference. They spoke about changes in their EDA vendor relationships, specifically in the area of license management, where they talked about some levels of license access with usage monitoring. They make it sound like a meaningful change, that this was something that haven't been done much before. So I'm wondering if this is a potentially new phenomenon in EDA vendor relationships, where the customers agree to more usage monitoring from your side than might have been the case. And if so, what the implications of that might be? And then following up on Richard's earlier question, to try to pin you down on emulation, when you began the year, you have talked about cumulative emulation revenues 2011 through 2013 being 90% higher than 2008 through 2010 cumulative revenues. Is that still a number that you're looking at?
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay, so let me try to answer the first question, and then Geoff will answer on the second question. So I think the first question, I'm not quite aware of this Samsung license and usage things. But more important for us is that we focus on providing the value. And Samsung is a very important partner and customer for us in the foundry and also their business side. We're heavily engaging with them, providing the best value and the tool and IPs with them. And so this thing that you've just described, I'm not up to date on that. So we will look into it and see if there are any changes so far. We're working with a test chip with them. There's no changes as far as I know. I just came back from Korea a few days ago. We don't see any changes. The engagement level have been increasing. And so we are happy with that arrangement, and we'll continue to drive value to them and help them to be successful.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: And I think over a period of time, Jay, we have been creative and experiment with business models. We're not specifically commenting in that specific comment there, but we do an experiment and we do, do things. As far as emulation business, we are at or slightly ahead of our plan when we guided down for the year. So the business has been good. We still stand by the communication we did on earlier on the cumulative growth over a period of time. We're quite happy with how the emulation business has gone, basically as per plan.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe one more for Lip-Bu on new vertical markets. We heard from at least one of your competitors over the years the growing well of automotive as a market for EDA. And I was wondering if you could comment on your thoughts or your positioning at least in the automotive. And again, in light of the recent Reeko [ph] announcement, plus your own announced business with Cannon I think earlier in the year, could you talk about the whole imaging market or video and technology and the like as a new opportunity on the systems level for EDA?
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. I will try to answer your questions. So I think if I hear it correctly, you have 2 questions, one is automotive and then the second one with imaging, the video-related area. So clearly, as I mentioned in the past, application-driven design is really growing. And also the mixed-signal application are growing. And we are paying a lot of attention to the vertical market. Automotive is one of the targets that we also focus on. Clearly, automotive has also moved into a lot of connectivity and infotainment-related area. And a couple of our customers, key customers, have been supporting that, and especially in the mix signal related area, sensor-related area. And so some of our key customers without naming the name, we are very deep -- the primarily EDA vendors to them. And so clearly, we are heavily engaging in this automotive connectivity and infotainment audio-video related. Specifically, on the imaging and audio-related, video-related, this is very important. Clearly, the display and anything related to the display sensor and also some of the -- beautiful, all that related display we're heavily engaging with that with some of the customer. Video is something that I'm personally very passionate about in terms of video compressions, video -- high quality video on the consumer video surveillance and then all the way to the video applications to sports. And then all these are heavily -- Cadence are very well positioned for addressing that. This is going to be even more moving to the Internet of Things, writables [ph], the cloud, the big data related area application. We're very well positioned to support our customer to reach out to get this huge opportunity in the 50 billion units and above in this massive, massive big data analytics I think are going to be huge for the industry. We are very well positioned to capture them.
Operator: This was our last question. I will now turn the call over to Cadence's President and Chief Executive Officer, Lip-Bu Tan, for his closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, Cadence continues to deliver great technology to our customers, and our business result reflects this. Our IP business has developed critical mass, and we expect to be a strong contributor for future growth and profitability. We've made great progress over the past several years by investing in improving our products and technology, customer relationships, ecosystem alliances and financial performance. While the macro environment remain uncertain, with some customer continuing to face challenges, Cadence is well positioned to execute and be successful. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Design Systems Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom Lip-Bu Tan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Geoffrey G. Ribar - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Auguste P. Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Madison, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Madison, and welcome to our earnings conference call for the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com, and will be archived for 2 weeks. With us today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain certain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on those factors that could cause the difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the Quarterly Earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. A copy of today's press release dated April 24, 2013, for the quarter ended March 30, 2013, and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Cadence delivered strong results in Q1. Total revenue was $354 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 24%, and operating cash flow was $75 million. The environment is challenging, with macro uncertainty and softness in semiconductors. Despite that, many of our customers continue to innovate and invest in new design activities. They are looking to Cadence to collaborate more closely with them and their ecosystems to help build great products that drive their success. Today, I will highlight our progress in IP, advanced node design and verification. Expanding our IP business is strategic focus for Cadence. Recently, we took several important steps. The acquisition of Tensilica significantly expand the scope of our IP business by adding configurable dataplane processing units. Tensilica has an attractive loyalty model and serves fast-growing end markets via by mobile wireless, network infrastructure, audio infotainment and home applications. In February, we announced our intent to acquire Cosmic Circuits, which will add significant silicon-proven analog and mixed signal IP to our portfolio. This includes IP for USB, MIPI, audio and Wi-Fi standards. We expect that transaction to close soon. Last month, we acquired a talented team of approximately 25 analog IP designers that are specialized in development of SerDes blocks for high-speed interfaces. Last year, we shifted significant numbers of highly skilled analog designers from our service business into R&D to develop commercial IP and accelerate delivery on our IP roadmap. Many of these designers have more than a decade of experience developing high-speed interfaces such as SerDes. Along with high-quality IP and impressive customer list, each of these acquisitions adds very talented and experienced developers to the growing IP R&D team at Cadence. When all these acquisitions close, we will have over 600 engineers in our SoC Realization group. We see a natural synergy between our IP and core EDA business. We intend to optimize our EDA tools to our IP and our IP to our tools. In addition, we will use our worldwide channel to sell IP to the same customers who buy EDA tools. Our investment in IP will enable customers to focus on developing differentiable technology while leveraging proven Cadence IP to complete the advanced SoCs. Given the industry trend towards more outsourcing of standards-based IP, we expect strong growth in our IP business. Next, I want to highlight our capabilities and progress in products for advanced node design. Cadence is collaborating with ARM and leading foundry partners to help extend Moore's Law by enabling both FinFET base and 3D-IC base design to our industry-leading design flows and IP. FinFET technology now being used at 16- and 14-nanometer process nodes will help deliver the power, performance and area advantages and the economics needed to extend Moore's Law. Cadence has developed unique expertise in FinFET technology through a deep collaboration with industry-leading IT providers and foundries. Recently, we announced a successful collaboration with ARM to implement the industry's first Cortex-A57 64-bit processor on TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET process and a multiyear agreement with TSMC to develop the design infrastructure for 16-nanometer FinFET technology targeting advanced node designs for mobile, networking, servers and FPGA applications. Beginning earlier in the design process and future, we will collaborate with TSMC to address the design challenges, specifically to FinFET, to enable ultra low-power high-performance chips. Our Encounter digital platform Virtuoso custom analog platform and signoff solutions are all FinFET-enabled and foundry-qualified. Our investment in preparing for FinFET technology is providing new opportunities for Cadence to engage with the leading semiconductor companies. Now let us review our progress in verification. Higher complexity, increased integrations of IP blocks into an SoC and strengthening time-to-market windows are driving rapid growth in the demand for verification solutions, analog, digital, mixed signal or hardware-assisted. Palladium XP has been one of our most successful products ever, thanks to its rapid adoption. Since it was introduced in 2010, Palladium XP today has more than 4x the installed capacity worldwide than the last 2 generations of Palladium combined. This shows the rapid growing needs for emulation to develop, verify and validate complex SoCs and systems. In addition to new users, a substantial portion of Palladium XP sales have been repeat orders from top-tier customers as they continue to deploy more systems to accelerate hardware, software co-design, co-development to meet aggressive time-to-market goals for their products. In Q1, our Palladium XP business was categorized by a number of significant repeat orders with leading semiconductor companies, including Qualcomm. Another customer has expanded its footprint, by 35 systems over the past 18 months through multiple orders. In summary, Cadence is innovating in multiple areas in collaboration with ecosystem partners and customers to help meet the needs of our customers to build great products. We are continuing to attract the best talent to our engineering community, both through hiring and acquisitions. We continue to drive excellent financial and operational performance. Now I will turn the call to Geoff to review financial results and provide our outlook.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone. I will review the results for the first quarter, present our outlook for Q2 and update the outlook for 2013, including our recently closed acquisition of Tensilica. Cadence continued to do strong operating results in Q1, outperforming guidance in all key metrics. Total revenue was $354 million compared to $346 million for Q4 and $316 million for the year-ago quarter. Year-over-year growth was 12%. Product and maintenance revenue was $328 million, and services revenue was $26 million. The revenue mix for the geographies was 44% for the Americas, 22% for EMEA, 19% for Asia and 15% for Japan. Total costs and expenses on a non-GAAP basis for Q1 were $270 million compared to $265 million for Q4 and $250 million for the year-ago quarter. Headcount. Q1 headcount was 5,312 compared to 5,189 for Q4. The increase was primarily due to hiring in R&D and technical field positions. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q1 was 24% compared to 23% for Q4 and 21% for the year-ago quarter. For Q1, we recorded GAAP net income per share of $0.27. This included a $0.12 benefit for the reversal of a tax reserve, which is no longer required. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.21 compared to $0.20 for Q4 and $0.17 for the year-ago quarter. Operating cash flow for Q1 was $75 million compared to $96 million for Q4 and $61 million for the year-ago quarter. Total DSOs for Q1 were 20 days compared to 27 days for Q4 and 25 days for the year-ago quarter. In Q1, revenue collection and the timing of billings all contributed to lower DSOs. We are revising our DSO target to approximately 30 days to reflect further improvements in our operations. Capital expenditures for Q1 were approximately $7 million. Cash and short-term investments were $911 million at quarter end. About half the cash is in the U.S. In April, we drew down $100 million on our revolving credit facility, which will give us about $200 million of cash in the U.S. after the closing of Tensilica. More than 90% of all orders booked in Q1 were ratable. Weighted average contract life was 2.5 years. On a weighted average basis, run rates on Q1 renewals increased over the prior contracts. Before I get into the outlook, I want to provide some additional information and color on Tensilica. Total consideration of $380 million, which is subject to certain adjustments, consisted of cash of approximately $351 million and assumption of certain Tensilica options. Approximately $326 million was paid at closing, which is net of Tensilica's estimated $25 million cash balance. In addition, Cadence will make payments to certain employees that are conditioned on continuing employment and performance. We estimate that 2013 revenue on a standalone basis would have been approximately $57 million prior to merger accounting. So the revenue multiple on a forward basis is approximately 6.1. We like to value an IP company by looking at the split of license and royalty revenue. We expected Tensilica would have generated approximately $13 million of royalties for 2013. If you apply a 3.5 multiple to license revenue and a 15 multiple to royalty revenue, the purchase price is in the ballpark, and we expect royalties to grow over time. Cadence also received approximately $130 million of NOLs with the acquisition, which will further benefit economics. Revenue growth for Tensilica for 2013 on a standalone basis would have been about 30%, with a non-GAAP operating margin in the high-teens. We expect that for 2014, Tensilica will contribute a non-GAAP operating margin close to our corporate average and will be accretive to non-GAAP EPS. Now let's address our outlook for the second quarter of 2013 and our update for fiscal 2013. We are increasing our fiscal 2013 outlook for bookings, revenue, earnings per share and cash flow due to strong Q1 results and the acquisition of Tensilica. For Q2, we expect revenue to be in the range of $355 million to $365 million, which includes approximately $3 million for Tensilica. This is net of deferred revenue adjustments due to merger accounting. Q2 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 22% to 24%. Non-GAAP total costs and expenses will be up sequentially, primarily due to Tensilica. GAAP EPS for the second quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.10 to $0.12. Non-GAAP EPS for Q2 is expected to be in a range of $0.19 to $0.21. We expect Tensilica to be approximately $0.01 dilutive for Q2. Now for an update on the fiscal 2013 outlook. Bookings are expected to be in the range of $1.48 billion to $1.53 billion compared to the prior range of $1.425 billion to $1.475 billion. We expect the weighted average contract life in the range of 2.4 to 2.6 years for 2013 and to book at least 90% of our business for the year under ratable arrangements. We expect revenue to be in the range of $1.44 billion to $1.47 billion for 2013 compared to the prior range of $1.405 billion to $1.445 billion. The increase is due to Q1 upside and includes approximately $27 million for Tensilica. This is net of deferred revenue adjustments of $16 million due to merger accounting. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 24% to 25% for an annual basis for 2013. This is below our previous estimate of approximately 25% due to the deferred revenue adjustments associated with Tensilica. Non-GAAP other income and expense for 2013 is expected to be in the range of negative $16 million to negative $10 million. For 2013, we are assuming the non-GAAP tax rate of 26% and weighted shares outstanding of 290 million to 298 million shares. GAAP EPS for 2013 is expected to be in the range of $0.59 to $0.69. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.81 to $0.91 compared to the prior range of $0.82 to $0.92 because we estimate that for the year, Tensilica will be about $0.01 dilutive due to the impact of merger accounting. For 2013, we expect operating cash flow in the range of $360 million to $390 million. DSOs for 2013 are projected to be approximately 30 days. Capital expenditures for 2013 are expected to be approximately $40 million. So in summary, Cadence continued its strong record of execution in Q1. I'm especially pleased with the IP assets we are adding and believe our IP business is obtaining the critical mass it needs to meaningfully drive future revenue growth. And finally, as an indicator of progress we've made, we expect to book approximately $1.5 billion of business in 2013. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with BoA ML.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Thomas Yeh calling in for Krish Sankar. First off, given your focus on growing the IP business, I just wanted to get your perspective on the status of the third-party outsourced IP landscape in general. Within the segments that you now serve, what is your view on the current penetration of outsourced versus in-house and what you expect it to be going forward?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, this is Lip-Bu, Tom. Thomas, first of all, let me answer a couple of your questions. So first of all, regarding the trend of outsourcing, yes, it's happening. A lot of customer we talk to they try to outsource the standards-space IP that is not as essential for them as their core IP or core digital products. And so they prefer to outsource that. If it's a qualified silicon-proven IP with good quality, they will prefer to do that. And that's something that we try to do. So it's a strategic focus for us. As you know, we are very strong in our VIP business. In the first quarter, we have 2 orders over $10 million, very strong. Now we are building up our design IP with the internal organic growth and also our Denali acquisitions in the memory modeling IP. And now, we add on the Tensilica, the data -- configurable dataplane processing units, and it's very important. The program provides very important features on that. And clearly, very strong in the mobile side, the LTE and all the video, audio-related area. And then now, we also add on the analog mixed signal IP and the high-speed connectivity IP from Cosmic Circuits. And then also the talent pool that we pull in for the SerDes, for high-speed SerdDes, those are very, very important for our customer. So I think we have a very strong design IP portfolio. After all this acquisition, we have over 600 engineers in that IP design capability. So I think it's very important for us. In terms of penetration, I think we just started with this design IP. A lot are engaged with our customer, and our customer is very pleased with our portfolio, especially the Tensilica acquisition, they are very excited about.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And with your repeat orders that you mentioned on Palladium XP, are your expectations for emulation revenue to still be lower compared to last year? Is that still the case?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So let me answer that first. First of all, I think that clearly, we have a very strong demand from Palladium XP in 2012. We expect to be down, and we guided down in 2013 because of the uncertainty in the environment. But meanwhile, we are remaining to do well. We have good orders coming through. And so all in all, we have a lot of repeat orders. And as I mentioned, about Qualcomm, we mentioned about 1 customer that ordered 35 systems over the 18-month period, so clearly, there's strong demand. In complex chip design and time-to-market pressure, we are the premium products.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Geoff, a couple of questions first for you regarding guidance. Of the $55 million increase in the bookings range for this year, how much of that is due to Tensilica? Secondly, can you talk about what you're assuming regarding the license mix for Tensilica in terms of the upfront versus ratable? And then thirdly, in terms of the overall revenue outlook for the year, the range went up by about $25 million to $35 million, Tensilica will be $27 million of that and then you beat Q1, at least versus the midpoint, by about $7 million. So is there some other part of the business that organically, where you are perhaps a little bit less positive about to make all that math work? Going back to the previous question there, are you perhaps looking for somewhat less hardware business than you might have before? Then a follow-up.
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Okay. So Jay, approximately $40 million of the bookings increase was related to Tensilica. That's approximate of course. We're 2 days into the acquisition. And how we're going to treat the ratability versus upfront nature of the Tensilica business, licenses are going to clearly be considered ratable and are very similar to the ratable business we have. And just a definitional basis, we're going to call royalties ratable also. Again, the things that we'll -- we would call upfront would be then generally hardware upfront and perpetual licenses. As far as the overall guidance, clearly, we'd adjusted guidance based on our Q1 operating performance. It's very clear to us that the environment remains uncertain and challenging, both in the macroeconomic conditions and in the semiconductor conditions. We're quite comfortable with the guidance, and we clearly take that into account when we gave the guidance. As we said and Lip-Bu said just a minute ago on Palladium, right, we guided Palladium down for the year. We haven't changed our overall view on Palladium from where we started.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. Just a follow-up on that and just another product question. In Q4, our understanding is that your Palladium backlog increased. Could you say how your backlog looks now for Palladium XP versus Q4?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So Jay, we're not going to give -- we don't give detail of our product segments on backlog or bookings or even on revenue. So -- but it's in line with our guidance.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: All right. Lastly, for Lip-Bu, on the last call, you mentioned that the vast majority of your customers, as you put it, had moved to Virtuoso 6.1. And in 2012, your custom IC segment did pretty well in terms of revenue growth. It looks like it was up maybe 20% or so. How are you thinking about custom IC growth this year, the drivers to what is typically your largest business for this year? And perhaps as well, if you could talk about expectations for the system interconnect business.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So let me try to explain -- answer your question. So regarding the Virtuoso 6.1, the proliferation is very good. We are very happy with that. And clearly, that we note, we continue to drive differentiation into the advanced nodes and -- so that our tool can be -- work well at the advanced node, so 20-nanometer and below. We are all qualified, and we'll continue to drive that. And then secondly, because of our strength in the Virtuoso, a lot of our customers right now, they are also looking at the whole -- our digital flow and help enhance our digital flow and qualify that. And because they're looking for integrated mixed-signal solutions, that's enough to be a very big benefit for us. So I think we'll continue driving the leadership in the Virtuoso, continue to drive future performance on that in the advanced node. And then that also apply helping us on the digital side because we are substantially improved in our digital development, especially in the advanced nodes, and that all tie in. Most of the design right now is SoC. It's clearly mixed-signal. It open up tremendous doors for us. And your second question, I think, the system side. Clearly, while we continue to drive the whole system verification side and also reaching out to the PCB, if you recall, we acquired Sigrity, that is very well-received by customer because when they're designing a product, they want to really know the power envelope, the signal integrity analysis before. So it really helped complete our PCB offering as a total solution.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JP Morgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sorry, I've been jumping between calls. But Geoff, can you just reiterate what is the bookings guide for the full year? I heard Jay's comment about $55 million, but what was the actual range?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, so we said approximately $1.5 billion is the number. But the bookings range is $1.48 billion to $1.53 billion.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And then Lip-Bu, I think you made a comment about just the challenging semiconductor environment. From a 100,000-foot view, I think a lot of us are watching, just wondering if there's going to come a point where we start to see OpEx cuts as they start to defend margins, which would impact EDA spending. Any sense where their -- the heads are at in terms of spend at this point?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, good question. So I think as you hear on the earnings calls, it's a mix in terms of the challenging environment for macro and also semiconductor. Clearly, PC is challenging, and some portion of the automotive is challenging. And so I think it's a mixed bag. But the good news is in terms of design activities, we don't see any slowdown. And so we are not related as much into the manufacturing CapEx area. We tend to be more in the -- our business tends to be more related to the engineering headcount. So far, we don't see a lot of changes, only a few. All the while, I think this is -- as you know, the last portion that you want to cut is the engineering talent doing design of new products. So, so far, as I mentioned before, we haven't seen any changes in the design activity. And in fact, on the contrary, because of advanced node, because of complexity of the design, our engagement with customers substantially increased in terms of they need us a lot more in terms of closer collaboration actually in the complex SoC, the IP block, the digital, the mixed signal, the analog and the power and that integrity -- signal integrity, order with packaging. And so frankly speaking, the engagement with the customer is substantially increased.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gus Richard with Piper.
Auguste P. Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: In terms of process technology, it looks like most people are going to ship -- skip 20 and go directly to either 16- or 14-nanometer FinFETs. What impact is that having on design starts? What impact is that having on your need to spend on R&D? How is it sort of hitting your business model?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Gus, it's a good question. So clearly, we have some customers who engage with us a lot. Some of the key customer in the 20-nanometer, but there are also some customer decides to go from 28, it's going to be a long node, and then jump into 16 and 14 based on FinFET. And so I think it's a combination of both, so I think we will continue our digital custom analog and the various tools that we are all fully qualified, the final tool, all qualified at 20 nanometer, so we're ready to support the customer. If they decide to continue doing the 20. And then clearly, the advantage from 28 to 20 will really depend on the application. Some of the customers still want to do that at 20. We will definitely support that. But meanwhile, there are also some customer who decide to skip and go way down to 16 and 14. And we are ready and we are supporting them. That's why we emphasize a lot about the FinFET and 3D-IC so that we can really support them in very complex design in those advanced nodes.
Auguste P. Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And has that required you to pull in any the R&D spend in order to support customers with FinFET?
Lip-Bu Tan: I'm sorry, can you repeat again? I can't hear too well.
Auguste P. Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Sure. Is that -- has the sort of move to FinFETs required pull in of R&D spending on your part in order to facilitate the transition?
Lip-Bu Tan: No. I think the answer is no. And clearly, FinFET is a very challenging technology, on the top of patterning and the various key area. And clearly, we are executing towards our plan.
Auguste P. Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then the last one for me is just on the pricing environment. Are you guys able to pass through pricing for this year [ph], is that planned?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so I think pricing environment is still very competitive. But as I mentioned earlier, now the chip getting very complex and a lot of our customer are looking to us for deeper collaborations, not just for the complex chip design and also for the process node and the migrations. And also I think the 2, IP and foundry, really had to work much closer together, and we are delighted. We are ready for that and also multiple foundries relationship that we have to support. So this is a very exciting time, and I think our customer are looking to us to have a much deeper collaboration, and we welcome that. And that's how we're going to learn, how we're going to provide the solution. And I think the quality execution will be key to provide them the IP, the tool, the support that they need for the time [ph] paths for the time-to-market opportunity.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Geoff, I think the math is pretty simple, but I just wanted to clarify. You increased your bookings guidance by $55 million, $40 million of that from Tensilica. So net, about $15 million increase to your sort of organic bookings target. Is that correct?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, Rich, you're very good at math.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes. It's not complicated, but thank you for the compliment. So yes, there's a lot of discussion, obviously, about the environment. And was looking at your word very carefully and how you described the environment a quarter ago and how you describe it this quarter, and they seem pretty similar. I think a quarter ago, you described the environment, Lip-Bu, as challenging with macro uncertainty and softness in semis. And this quarter, I think you talked about it sort of being soft and uncertain. I just wanted to clarify that the environment is challenging but essentially the same as it was a quarter ago. Would that be a fair statement?
Lip-Bu Tan: That is correct. And so clearly, it's the same environment, where a couple of area have some softness, and some of the area are very exciting and nice growing. But I think fundamentally, it's not much impact to us in terms of the customers feel very committed to innovate. And new design activity, we didn't see any slowdown. I think more important right now because of complexity and our collaboration actually increased, our R&D support even increased, the customer really need and look up to us for collaborations. And I think it's our job to provide the best-quality proven IP to support them, and then that will be good to the whole industry to grow.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And I'm going to beat the emulation dead horse a little bit here. But you guys talk about your product being kind of the gold standard. But clearly, your biggest competitor in that market has been growing their business quite a bit faster than yours and claiming some functional superiority to Palladium with their latest box, leading -- some of them suggest that your box is kind of dated and needs a refresh to sort of be really competitive. First of all sort of what's your response to that? And is there anything you'd be willing to say about the life cycle of a Palladium box and when we might expect any kind of refresh or update there?
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So I think, as I mentioned earlier, the Palladium continued to be strong demand, and we have a lot of repeat orders. And we continue to grow and in terms of overall market in term of capacity that we provide. Are we stand still, doing nothing? No. We are double, triple down in terms of investment, in terms of R&D. And so we'll continue to drive success and continue to drive -- clearly, the customer needs and requirement will continue to increase the complexity of the chip and the time-to-market and clearly, it's going to continue to drive the growth. And insofar, we have been heavily engaging with the customer. And some customer will use the multiple vendors, suppliers, but we continue to drive the performance, continue to drive the support, continue to drive the performance scalability, and we continue to invest
Geoffrey G. Ribar: I think, Rich, we match up really pretty well with our top -- the top semiconductor customers match up really well with our customer base. And based on overall size of the market that Edac [ph] talks about of $350 million, we believe we're still in a very good position.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Appreciate that color. And one final one, Geoff, is there anything you're willing to say about the size of Cosmic, either from an employee standpoint or revenue standpoint?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: We will talk about that, Rich, more when we actually close the deal and probably with our Q2 earnings call. We like to wait until we close before we give much more color on that one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets.
Unknown Analyst: This is actually Shunmugam [ph] sitting in for Mahesh. A couple of questions here. So about the Tensilica acquisition, I understand that you mentioned the $57 million standalone revenue for this year. And it was about 30% of growth. And then the past 2 years, the company has been growing at about 35% range. What's do you invision once Tensilica -- after the acquisition -- well, you now already closed the acquisition, what's your view on the median- to longer-term growth rate for the company?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: Yes, so it's a little bit early for us to give a longer-term growth rate for the business. But clearly, we think that there are synergies with the our IP business and with their IP business and synergies also with our tool business that we think can lead to strong growth going forward. We'll talk more about, obviously, the future growth in Tensilica when we get to 2014 guidance. But again, we think strong synergies with our IP portfolio and strong synergies with our tool.
Unknown Analyst: Sure. And then you also mentioned that Tensilica acquisition will start becoming accretive in 2014. I'm just wondering, because of the 16 revenue -- the $16 million of merger accounting, it's dilutive this year. Should that go away? Would it be accretive to EPS for this year?
Geoffrey G. Ribar: So we can't give you the numbers, but as merger accounting works, right, this is impacting revenue, it's not impacting expenses. That $16 million would largely drop to the bottom line, if we didn't have deferred revenue.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And there are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Lip-Bu Tan.
Lip-Bu Tan: In closing, Cadence continues to deliver great technology to our customers, and our business results reflect this. Our IP business is developing critical mass, and we expect it to be a strong contributor to our future growth and profitability. While the macro environment remain uncertain, Cadence has made great progress over the past several years in terms of technology, customer relationships, strategic alliance and financial performance. I believe Cadence is well positioned to continue to execute on all these fronts. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We look forward to speaking with you soon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Design Systems First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Allie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Fourth Quarter And Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Group Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead. 
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Allie, and welcome to our earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2012. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com, and will be archived for 2 weeks. With us today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO.
 Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today.
 In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the Quarterly Earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. 
 A copy of today's press release dated January 30, 2013, for the quarter ended December 29, 2012, and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Cadence delivered strong results for Q4. Revenue was $346 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 23%, and operating cash flow was $96 million. For 2012, revenue grew 15% to $1.326 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin increased 5% points to 23%, and operating cash flow grew 31% to $316 million. 
 As we look at 2013, much like this time last year, semiconductor and global economic conditions are soft and uncertain. But for the most part, customers are continuing to invest in new designs. We also benefit from the increasing complexity of these designs. This ongoing design activity and our strong pipeline and backlog provide us with confidence in our Q1 and 2013 guidance. Geoff will discuss this later in the call. 
 First, let us start with highlights for Silicon Realization. In Q4, we extended our leadership in advanced node design. Cadence is working with leading ecosystem partners to implement test chips in preparation for customers designing for 14-nanometer and 16-nanometer FinFET processors. We've recently announced the success of 2 these projects. First, ARM, IBM and Cadence implemented 14-nanometer test chip featuring an ARM Cortex-M0 processor implemented using IBM 14-nanometer SOI FinFET processor. Second, ARM, Samsung and Cadence tape out the first ARM Cortex-A7 processor targeted at Samsung 14-nanometer FinFET process. 
 Cadence received a TSMC Partner of the Year Award for the 20-nanometer reference flow for digital, custom/analog and mixed-signal design. [indiscernible] improved performance by 57% on the 20-nanometer networking chip by using the Encounter flow. Virtuoso continues to be the gold standard for analog custom design and layout. The vast majority of users have successfully transitioned to the Virtuoso 6.1 product line, which is native on open access by industry standard database. This enables them to take advantage of improved automation and innovative capabilities, such as indesign signoff, which conducts checks on-the-fly to reduce layout iteration. 
 On Monday, Cadence introduced Virtuoso Advanced Node with breakthrough capabilities for design at 20-nanometer and below, including the support for layout-dependent effects, double patterning and FinFET readiness. Together, this improved productivity and shortened time-to-market for complex analog custom design. 
 With increasing integration of functionality and design, our customer expect continuous innovation in the capability and performance of Incisive, our verification platform. In Q4, Cadence released version 12.2 of Incisive. This release provides a 2x improvement in performance, significantly enhanced the buffer capabilities, improved low-power modeling support and new methodologies for mixed-signal verification. Overall, Incisive 12.2 doubles productivity of SoC verification over the previous release. 
 2012 was also a strong year for our SoC Realization solutions, with revenue growth exceeding 30% for design and verification IP. We continue to gain momentum in design IP. In Q4, we completed an IP contract with Tilera, a fabless semiconductor company that develops the TILE-Gx multi-core processor for networking, video and cloud applications. This included DDR controllers, DDR 5, 10-gig and 40-gig Ethernet and other high-speed interface IPs. Verification IP had another strong quarter to complete a stellar year, which we closed multimillion contracts with semiconductor and system companies.
 We are continuing to aggressively expand our design IP and VIP catalogs for the most advanced applications and protocols. In Q4, we introduced the industry-first design and verification solution for the latest automotive Ethernet controller standard. Cadence received a Customer Choice Award from TSMC recent Open Innovation Platform Ecosystem Forum for our work supporting DRAM development, including design IP and verification IP.
 Let us talk about System Realization. Our hardware business, led by Palladium XP, achieved record sales in 2012. Primarily due to current economic uncertainty, we expect Palladium sales to remain strong in 2013 but below the 2012 level. As an indicator for the secular increase in the size of our emulation business, total expected hardware sales for the 2011 to 2013 period are 90% higher than the 2008 to 2010 period.
 Our PCB and IC packaging product lines continue to see good growth, with revenue up 11% for 2012. We upgraded our product with the release of new versions of Allegro package designer and our system-in-package layout solution that support design of low-profile IC packages for smartphones, tablets and ultrathin notebooks. Integration of Sigrity is on track, with strong demand for its products, driven by increased need for accurate analysis for advanced consumer and data center products. 
 In summary, Cadence continues to gain momentum in 2012. Before Geoff goes through the numbers, let me leave with you what to look for from us in 2013: continued progress in design solution for advanced process nodes and featuring multi-core embedded processors; growth in mixed-signal and low-power design, driven by mobility, automotive, industrial and emerging [indiscernible] trends; and continued strong demand for verification and hardware solutions, driven by growing design complexity. 
 With that, I will now turn it over to Geoff who will review the financial results and provide our outlook. 
Geoff Ribar: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone. I will review the results for the fourth quarter and 2012 and then present our outlook for Q1 and 2013. Cadence produced strong operating results for Q4 and 2012. Bookings for 2012 totaled $1.336 billion compared to $1.158 billion for 2011, an increase of 15%. Booking quality was high again in 2012, with weighted average contract life within the expected range of 2.5 to 2.6 years. Book to bill was above 1, and the year-ended backlog was $1.7 billion. 
 Total revenue for Q4 was $346 million compared to $339 million for Q3 and $308 million for the year-ago quarter. Year-over-year, revenue growth was 12% for Q4. Revenue for 2012 was $1.326 billion compared to $1.15 billion for 2011, an increase of 15%.
 For Q4, product and maintenance revenue was $319 million, and services revenue was $27 million. The revenue mix for geographies in Q4 was 45% for the Americas, 21% for EMEA, 20% for Asia and 14% for Japan. 
 Total cost and expenses on a non-GAAP basis for Q4 were $265 million compared to $257 million for Q3 and $244 million for the year-ago quarter. Higher sales compensation, driven by better-than-expected results, contributed to the sequential increase. 
 Q4 headcount was 5,189 people compared to 5,119 people for Q4. Most of the increase was due to hiring in R&D and technical field positions. 
 Non-GAAP operating margin for Q4 was 23% compared to 24% for Q3 and 21% for the year-ago quarter. For the year 2012, non-GAAP operating margin was 23% compared to 18% for 2011. 
 For Q4, we recorded GAAP net income per share of $1.10 compared to $0.04 per share for Q4 2011. For the year 2012, GAAP net income per share was $1.57 compared to $0.27 for 2011. Included in Q4 and the fiscal 2012 GAAP net income per share were $0.90 and $0.91, respectively, in tax benefits for the reversal of valuation allowance recorded against a portion of our deferred tax assets in Q4 2008 and the settlement of our 2001 to 2003 California income tax audit. The difference between the Q4 and full year impact on EPS is due to share count.
 For Q4, non-GAAP net income per share was $0.20 compared to $0.21 for Q3 and $0.17 for the year-ago quarter. For 2012, GAAP net income per share was $0.77 compared to $0.51 for 2011. 
 Operating cash flow for Q4 was $96 million compared to $92 million for Q3 and $62 million for the year-ago quarter. For 2012, operating cash flow was $316 million compared to $240 million for 2011, an increase of 31%. 
 DSOs for Q4 were 27 days compared to 34 days for Q3 and 43 days for the year-ago quarter. Our DSO target remains approximately 35 days. 
 Capital expenditures were $10 million for the fourth quarter and $36 million for the year. Cash and short-term investments were $827 million at year end, an increase of $222 million over 2011 and about half the cash was in the U.S.
 For Q4 and for the year, over 90% of all orders booked were ratable. Weighted average contract life for Q4 was approximately 2.5 years. For the year, weighted average contract life was just under 2.6 years. On a weighted average basis, run rates in Q4 contract renewals increased. 
 Now let's address our outlook for the first quarter of 2013 and fiscal 2013. For Q1 2013, we expect revenue to be in the range of $342 million to $352 million, with approximately 90% of the first quarter revenue expected to come from beginning backlog. 
 Q1 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 22% to 23%. Non-GAAP total cost and expenses should be up sequentially from Q4, primarily due to seasonal factors such as payroll taxes.
 GAAP EPS for the first quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.23 to $0.24. Non-GAAP EPS for Q1 is expected to be in the range of $0.19 to $0.20. GAAP EPS is higher than non-GAAP EPS for Q1 due to the expected release of tax reserves associated with the prior acquisition. 
 Now for our fiscal 2013 outlook. Bookings are projected to be the range of $1.425 billion to $1.475 billion. We expect weighted average contract life to be in the range of 2.4 to 2.6 years for 2013, and we expect at least 90% of the orders for the year to be booked under ratable arrangements. 
 Revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.405 billion to $1.445 billion, with approximately 70% of this total coming from beginning backlog. This translates to 6% to 9% revenue growth over 2012. Growth for 2013 is composed of approximately 12% to 14% growth for software, offset by a decline in revenue for hardware and for services. 
 Lip-Bu had already mentioned that we expect hardware revenue to be down for 2013. Services revenue is expected to decline approximately 20% from 2012 due to our decision to increase investment in IP by reassigning engineers from services to R&D to develop commercial IP.
 Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 25% for the annual basis for 2013. At the midpoint of the guidance range, this represents approximately a 50% drop through to incremental revenue to the non-GAAP operating income for the year. Non-GAAP other income and expense for 2013 is expected to be in the range of negative $15 million to negative $9 million. We are assuming a non-GAAP tax rate of 26%, weighted average shares outstanding of 288 million to 296 million shares for the year. 
 GAAP EPS is -- for 2013 is expected to be in the range of $0.58 to $0.68. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.82 to $0.92. We expect operating cash flow in the range of $350 million to $380 million. Our DSO forecast is approximately 35 days, and capital expenditures for 2013 are expected to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million.
 I want to conclude today with the following comments. First, as you can see, we expect to achieve our goal of mid-20s non-GAAP operating margin for 2013. I also continue to believe that for the near term, we will be able to drop approximately 50% of incremental revenue through to operating income, providing us the revenue growth at a reasonable level. I also continue to believe that we're able to grow our core business at a faster rate than the overall EDA industry. 
 Operator, we'll now take questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Rich Valera of Needham & Company. 
Richard Valera: First question on the service -- changing your service model where you're focusing, I guess, more of those resources internally. Wondering how we should think about how that plays out through the year. You said it sounds like service revenue down 20%. Do we think it sort of starts down sort of 20% in the first quarter and it stays that way? Or does that sort of phase in? Do you gradually shift those resources and it kind of accelerates as the year goes on? Any color there would be helpful. 
Geoff Ribar: So Rich, this is Geoff. So yes, it will obviously start at a higher number and go -- the drop will go down throughout the year as the revenue rolls off, right, as we're stopping and taking the business. So the impact in the later half the year will be a little bit stronger than the first half. 
Richard Valera: Great. And in terms of the products you're going to be developing there, how should we think about them in terms of revenue impact? Do you think they'll start generating meaningful revenue in the second half of the year? Or is that more of '14 in terms of revenue impact? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure, I think -- Rich, this is Lip-Bu. We mentioned about the service moving to the IP. Clearly, we put together a very good team under Martin Lund. And besides the VIP, we're doing very well. Right now, we are very focused on the design IP and that includes memory storage, high-speed interface and other standard -- industry standard, and we like our strategy. The road map, we execute very well in there. 
Richard Valera: Okay, that's helpful. With respect to emulation, wondering if you'd be willing to say where emulation finished up in 2012 relative to 2011? I know you started you're saying you thought it would be down, and I think you changed that to sort of flattish to maybe up. Just wondering if you can give any color there. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. Let me start and, first of all, on the hardware emulation, I had been -- turnouts have been strong in 2012. It's a record year for us. And then, as I mentioned, 2013 will remain strong but would be lower than '12, primarily because of economic uncertainty. And we all know, they're very soft and uncertain. But we are the gold standard, and we clearly -- any complex design below 14-nanometer, this is a must-have. And so clearly, we are excited about it, and we continue to drive success as a gold standard. 
Geoff Ribar: I think, one more comment again. When we started last year or 2012, we guided flat to down, and we ended up at an all-time record year. It's inherently difficult for us to forecast this business, particularly with the semiconductor and economic conditions out there. 
Richard Valera: And this is probably cutting it finer than you guys would want to give clarity on. But can you say it's starting this year? Do have the same level of decline baked into your guidance as you did last year? Or is it greater, lesser than the decline you were looking at last year? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. I think we'll stick with our earlier comments. 
Richard Valera: Okay. fair enough. And then, Lip-Bu, your comments sounded pretty similar this quarter to last quarter in terms of kind of macro uncertainty in some of your semi customers. But you said sort of most of them are still spending. Have you seen any change third quarter to fourth quarter in terms of increased hesitation of customers or any change in customer spending that you could speak about? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So I think it continues to remain very strong in terms of design activity, especially the winning company and the system company. And clearly, our business will be related to the engineering headcount. We don't see any major cutback in terms of engineering. As you know, they will cut other places. Engineering is the last thing you want to cut. And then meanwhile, the system companies are really going vertical integration. And also, the other thing we see is the chip have become very complex, especially in the SoC mixed-signal and also some of the complex advanced nodes. We don't see any slowdown. We see the innovation. The customer really drives innovation. I think most of you have been through the CES. I was there for 2 days. A lot of new products coming out. It just excites me that we're the enabler for them to develop all these new fancy products, and we are excited about it. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria of RBC Capital Markets. 
Mahesh Sanganeria: Lip-Bu, the question on the core business. That's a pretty strong guidance of 12% to 14% for the core business, and I would say that you probably had in the similar range for last couple of years. Can you give us some more color into what is driving in terms of components of those percent increase in terms of how much is the price increase and how much is actually the usage increase? If you can give us -- and also maybe you can point to some segments, what segment is driving the higher growth. That would be helpful. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, wonderful. Thank you so much for the question. So clearly, we see a very strong core business, 12% to 14% double-digit growth. This is very exciting for me. And a couple of things: one, clearly, we provide better value to our customers. And so in terms of pricing, usage, definitely both are increasing. And then secondly, I think it's very important to highlight, as I mentioned earlier, in terms of the design complexity and also faster time-to-market in terms of product cycle and, clearly, more detail in terms of digital. We make a lot of investment in the digital ICD side area. We recruit some of the top talent in this area. And then we really drive a lot of success, leadership in the 20-nanometer and below by the 14 and 16 I mentioned. And then we have significant design wins in the top 10 semiconductor company. And I usually take a little bit longer time to see the value, but I think we are clearly winning on that. And then the other thing I mentioned early about the mixed-signal, the mixed-signal in terms of analog, our Virtuoso clearly is our standard and now starting to have a lot of customers, I think, to turn to us in terms of our digital flow win. We're excited about that. And then clearly, the verification, we continue to be very strong. And then now, I think we'd add on this IP area in the VIP design IP. So all in all, we are just excited about the portfolio that we have in terms of the customer relationship that we are improving substantially, starting to see that payoff time now. 
Mahesh Sanganeria: And so another question on your strategy about taking the services down. I don't exactly know, but I would have thought that your application engineers who are there in the field, they would act as the sales person while doing the helping out customers with designing. And won't it be a concern that if you take the services down, that maybe you'll pull-through of core product might come down? Is that not a concern? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So I think -- first of all, I think it's a good question. And we kind of -- as a company, from the corporate point of view, we decided to shift the service into an IP because it's more scalable. And then secondly, it's very important for us to have a very strong balance in terms of design, verification IP and then only really doing very high complex service, and so that we can really drive the operating margin going forward. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. And Mahesh, so there's a difference between AEs and the service organization. So we're not getting rid of AEs. Right? We're not taking AEs and putting them in IP. We're taking our service organization which is a group of very skilled engineers that we have that work on developing products for our customers and making them develop IP going forward. And by the way, we continue to hire more AEs and add more AEs across the board. They are very critical, as you just pointed out, to our sales effort. 
Mahesh Sanganeria: Okay. One last question for me, on your strategy on expanding the IP. I would assume that you're going to use your balance sheet to acquire, I would say, at least 3, 4 companies, smaller companies in the IP side. Is that a good assumption? And can you give us an idea of what range of companies are you looking at and what segment of IP you are going after? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, thank you for the question. First of all, clearly, we are not going to comment on any acquisition target or any trend, so I think we're not going to answer that. But what we can say is we like our IP road map. We like our leadership. Martin Lund, we recruit on board, and then he has a very strong team below him. And we are very focused on the product road map. And then the portfolio, they'll be updating now. And so I think, all in all, I think -- stay tuned, and we should have more solid portfolio to serve our customers. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: I'd like to ask first about the hardware business. You mentioned that from 2011 through 2013, the hardware business would be 90% above the cumulative revenues over the preceding 3-year period. Would it be fair to deduce from that, that for 2013, the range of decline built into your guidance is about 5% or 10%, given the 3-year composite revenue number that you talked about? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, Jay. I understand the question. Unfortunately, we don't give that level of detail in these calls. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: With respect to the services transition, the services revenue did decline sequentially and year-over-year reasonably materially. So I assume that's connected with the change that you're talking about. On the other hand, there was a reasonably material increase from third quarter in cost of services. Was there something of a nonrecurring nature in that? Or are we now at a peak in terms of your services expense and we'll start to see that come off? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So from Q3 to Q4, we clearly have started to move engineers away. But the revenue also, as you can see, right, decreased from Q3 to Q4, and that was the major driver of that change in the margin. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. For Lip-Bu, when we look at the growth categories in EDA, there's typically at any given time just a handful of categories that are doing particularly well for the industry as a whole. And I'd like to ask about a few and how well you're positioned in those. So first of all, among the categories that is doing especially well is analysis and simulation. My question there is, outside of emulation, how well do you think you're doing in that category? Another category that's been doing particularly well is physical verification, if you could talk about that. And then lastly, system-level design outside of the PCB, so just hardware, software codesign part of the market. How do you think you're doing there? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Jay, thank you for the question. So a couple of category. I think, overall, all I can say is across the board, very strong 12% to 14% in our core EDA. And in terms of more specific, in terms of beside the hardware emulation, other verification, VIP and also in the synthesis, digital side, across the board, pretty strong, and there is no particular area that is overly strong. But again, we just continue to provide the whole flow to our customer to serve them well in terms of their complex design, all the way from physical and verification. And then in terms of the system side, clearly, our Palladium is doing well. Our -- in our system, hardware software or codesign, co-verification, we announced our development verification suite. We'll continue to progress very nicely, heavily engaging with the winning customer. We have our success on that. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Just 2 last ones, and actually another emulation question. You ascribed the likely decline in the business this year to economic uncertainty, which sort of we've seen in the past affect this particular business. On the other hand, there's been a several year trend of improvement in emulation there for longer-term secular reasons. Could you talk, perhaps, about other competitive pressures that you might be seeing outside of economic pressures in emulation and, perhaps, talk about the age of your product line and the context of 1 or 2 of your other competitors having newer products? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think good questions. And as I mentioned, the hardware continue to be strong. It's a record year for us in '12, and '13 remains to be strong. But clearly, we all know the economic situation, and this is the hardware. And we want to be -- meanwhile, the product is a gold standard. It's a leader. Any complex design, this is a must-have. We've heavily, heavily continued to drive success with our customer. And in term of our competitor, I think it's good that our competitor is doing well because this overall verification and [indiscernible] earlier is good for the industry. And our objective is to serve the customer well, help them to design time-to-market. And I think we like our chance. And now we have a solid gold standard, and we continue to drive improvement on that. 
Geoff Ribar: And I think, Jay, the gold standard is much more important than the age of the product. We're still the gold standard. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gus Richard of Piper Jaffray. 
Auguste Richard: Geoff, can you talk a little bit about pricing and sort of your expectations for price negotiation this year? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think -- Gus, I think the pricing continue to be competitive and then, clearly, we are very focused on our customer relationship and they have been very well. We're starting to see the benefit of our relationship with customers and continue to drive the value to them and software design challenges. And then the other thing is, 4 years ago, I start a quality improvement, deal quality improvements. And so clearly, it helped us in terms of our relationship with our customers, and also we can really provide the best value to our customers. 
Auguste Richard: And in terms of the IP strategy, you're clearly putting more resources into that developing IP. A couple of questions: One, how long after you make this investment do you expect it to translate into revenue growth for your IP business? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, good question. Clearly, the IP business is very important to us. And clearly, we are very focused on the design IP side, primarily focused on memory through the Denali acquisition and also the storage controller. And then also, right now, we're focused very much in the high-speed interface related industry-standard, with Martin Lund's background. And this is an area that he is very comfortable with it. He is familiar with SoC and we have recruiting some of top-notch talents onboard. Stay tuned, we are excited about our product offering. 
Auguste Richard: Okay. Are you targeting any specific process as you design IP? Particularly as you go to the more advanced nodes, it becomes very much process specific and it doesn't necessarily translates from one foundry to the next. Are you spreading it across different foundries? Or are you focusing on different foundries as you move forward? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, it's very good question. And we very much focus on the advanced node processors. And clearly, we -- 28-nanometer is going to be a big node, and we are very focused on that. And then meanwhile, we also engaging with -- across all the leading fabs, and so that we can work with them. Ecosystem partner is very important for us. As I mentioned, we announced in our ARM, TSMC, Samsung and the list goes on. So we work with other key foundries, and so that is very important. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from the line of Krish Sankar, Bank of America. 
Krish Sankar: Just on your guidance, if I take the low end of your revenue and EPS, it looks like it's about a 6% revenue growth year-over-year and 6% EPS. I'm just trying to get a sense if that's really right. In other words, not a whole lot of operating leverage in the lower end of the guidance but quite phenomenal levels in the upper end of the range. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, Krish, we obviously look at the complete guidance range and look at both the high end and the low end of the range and the midpoint of the range. And I think we're quite happy with the range as is. We won't comment on specific ends of the range. 
Krish Sankar: Got you. All right. Okay. All right. And then in terms of the emulation business, I'm just trying to get a sense of how big you think the emulation market was in calendar 12 and were you guys the #1 or #2 market share in that? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, as I mentioned earlier, clearly, we are the gold standard and the leader. And that market, as far as I know, is a $350 billion -- $350 million market. We clearly are the gold standard and leader. It's a must-have for the leading company that's doing 14-nanometer and below complex chip, and we have a lot of success on that. 
Krish Sankar: All right. And then a couple of other quick questions. In terms of the guidance, is it fair to assume that all the tailwind of the model transition is behind us and none of it is there actually in the calendar '13 EPS? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, yes. We concluded that's in Q4 of 2012. So it's all behind us. 
Krish Sankar: Got you. And then in your fiscal '13 guidance, is there any way to figure out how much of your revenue is coming from 20-nanometer design activity? 
Geoff Ribar: We don't look at it that way because a lot of our contracts are structured. We tend to look at it by customer and by product more than then specific nodes. 
Krish Sankar: Final question from my side. When I look at your business, you guys have done a bunch of acquisitions in the past. Last year, you guys did Sigrity, maybe then a few more out there. But just trying to get a sense of what is your capital allocation priority. Is it still mostly focused on bolt-on acquisition? And then you guys still has some outstanding buybacks of there. You have some debt. And is there in any dividend in the cards? I'm just trying to get a sense of what kind of capital allocation -- how you look at it. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, we just don't talk about -- First of all, we don't speculate about acquisition. We're very much focused on our strategy. We like our strategy, and it's doing well. And we only make acquisition if it fits into our synergy. And I will let Geoff to comment on the others. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So obviously, we need a certain amount of cash to operate. We have the converts that we're going to be paying off, both in the end of 2013 and the end of 2015 out of U.S. cash. We're going to make organic investments. And in some cases, we'll make inorganic investments in our key growth areas. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. 
Sterling Auty: I apologize in advance. I'm jumping between calls, so I'm sure some of this is going to be a repeat. But did you give 2013 bookings guidance on the call? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, we did. Hang on a second. Yes, the guidance for bookings for 2013 is $1.425 billion to $1.475 billion. 
Sterling Auty: Okay. And the commentary about the emulation business for 2013, did you actually see that in the fourth quarter? Taking a look at the inventories on the balance sheet, was there -- did you see some of that trend already? 
Geoff Ribar: No, we didn't. Revenue was actually up in emulation business from Q3 to Q4. 
Sterling Auty: Okay. But the commentary around the economy, is that just coming from the comments that you're seeing from semi companies at the moment. Is that something that over the next quarter or so, as it starts to get more clarity, you could see yourself getting more constructive on that business? Or do you think that fade in the emulation is going to happen regardless. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, let me start first. Now first of all, I think I just can tell, we have a record year 2012 and going to remain strong in 2013, primarily because of the economic uncertainty. And -- but meanwhile, seeing that, we're the gold standard. We're the leader. We continue to drive success, and a lot of customer is engaging with us. And that's kind of -- we still have a very solid lead like that business. 
Geoff Ribar: And Sterling, it's just really difficult -- inherently difficult for us to forecast this business in this condition, with what the semiconductor companies are doing in the economic environment overall. 
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then last question, it was touched upon in the last question, which is the operating leverage. And again, I'm on the road so I haven't crunched the numbers here. But just eyeballing it, it would seem like you're not putting in as much of the operating leverage or it's either you're still expecting 25% for the full year. Is there something in other income or the tax rate that's going to weigh on EPS in 2013? 
Geoff Ribar: Well, yes. So clearly, I think, we have an impact in the other income and expense. It's a little bit different from where The Street was guiding 2013. I think that's one impact. I think the other impact is the share count we guided to a little bit higher than, I think, you guys had. But the operating leverage, I think, is 50% at the midpoint of guidance. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tom Diffely of D. A. Davidson. 
Thomas Diffely: I guess another emulation question. It's just so popular today. So you guys dominated the high end. It seems like Mentor has done a pretty good job at the midrange and EVE has made some inroads at the low end. When you talk about the competition, do you actually see competitive takeaways? Or is everybody just kind of growing up with their own customer base, refreshing their own customer base as time goes on? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Let me talk first. This is Lip-Bu. Clearly, we're the leader. We are the gold standard. Any complex design is a must-have, and we continue to drive success on that. In terms of our competitors, overall, I think it's a good market. Clearly, the hardware emulation is going to continue to grow. We have a lot of respect for our competitors and Mentor continues to do well and then EVE on the low end and the prototype thing area. And so I think we're all going to see growth. But clearly, any complex design, our hardware emulation is a must-have and is the gold standard. 
Geoff Ribar: And again, Tom, this is Geoff. It remains a secular trend. We believe that emulation is a business that's going to continue to grow for everybody. 
Thomas Diffely: Okay. Is your belief that the high end of that is the fastest growing, the strongest part of that market? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, I guess we can't really comment on which end is growing faster or not. But again, we think it's a secular trend. 
Thomas Diffely: Yes, okay. And then when you look at your IP business, from a competitive point of view, is your main competitor at this point still the in-house design teams? Or Synopsys or some smaller players is the competition. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. So let me comment first. I mean, clearly, in-house, internal development IP is still the one. And then -- but clearly, more and more customers are more comfortable to outsource if it's a standard and if it is of good quality. And that's why we emphasize the quality. We focus on the area that we really have value to offer, in the memory, storage, the high-speed connectivity. Interface area is our primary focus right now. And other industry standard, over time, we will add on to it. But the key thing is to provide a high-quality IP that customers can comfortably trust and use. 
Thomas Diffely: Okay. So for some of these markets that you're keen on right now, those markets then that don't have a merchant supplier today or you feel like a top-notch merchant supplier and you're trying to fill a void? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. I think, clearly, first of all, in the memory side, we are the gold standard. And we continue to drive success on that. And then the controller side, the storage controller side, we are continuing to make very good quality to our customers. And then now, we are very focused on the high-speed interface and will lead to high quality. And so the company customer can depend on us and on the quality IP that we can provide them, helping them in the design time-to-market. 
Thomas Diffely: Okay. I guess switching gears here. When you look at the capacity of the [indiscernible] that the foundries are writing today, have you started to see a pickup in the leading-edge demand from your second and third tier fabless customers? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Can you repeat the question again? 
Thomas Diffely: Wondering with a lot of the foundry capacity going up right now, the leading-edge, if the second and third tier fabless guys now believe they're going to get access to that sooner than they previously thought and maybe are more actively working on more advanced designs, where in cycles past, they may have waited a year or 2 to start those design activities? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So I think, clearly, we see the customer moving more to towards the advanced node. Clearly, the 40 is till the big volume. And then the 20 because they are long nodes. And so in some of the Tier 2, Tier 3 are moving to the 20-nanometer and include some of the China companies already moving in. So I think we are heavily engaged and helping them to migrate from -- to moving towards the advanced nodes, and we see tremendous activity, yes. 
Thomas Diffely: Okay. And then I guess when you just look at the full year revenue guidance, is there any unusual linearity or seasonality this year that makes that linearity of that business different than it has been in the past? 
Geoff Ribar: No, sorry. 
Thomas Diffely: No, that's good. I just wanted to make sure. 
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Brian Murphy of Sidoti & Company. 
Brian Murphy: Geoff, did you touch on how we should think about the service gross margin in 2013? 
Geoff Ribar: No, we didn't. But I suspect you could expect it to maintain approximately where it is. 
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Cadence's President and CEO, Lip-Bu Tan, for his closing remarks. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing, I'm extremely pleased with the progress that we have made at Cadence in the 4 years since I joined Cadence as CEO. We have strengthened and expanded our technology portfolio, transformed the company culture and deepened customer relationships across the board. This has contributed to our strong financial performance. Cadence has regained its edge as an innovator, and we are recruiting the best talent in the industry. We have significantly improved our balance sheet and operating profitability. This enabled us to continue investing in innovation organically and through targeted acquisition. We are well positioned to deliver value to our customers and shareholders. 
 Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Design Systems Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Allan Winstrom – Director, Investor Relations Lip-Bu Tan – President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Geoffrey Ribar – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Richard Valera – Needham & Company Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets Equity Research Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc. Gus P. Richard – Piper Jaffray, Inc. Sterling Auty – JPMorgan Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse 
Operator: Good afternoon my name is Ally and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I‘d like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I’d now like to turn the conference over to your host Alan Lindstrom, Group Director Group Investor Relations. Mr. Lindstorm, you may begin your conference.
Allan Winstrom:  Thank you, Ally. And welcome to our Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2012. The webcast for this call can be accessed through our website cadence.com and will be archived for two weeks. With us today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO and Jeff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the facts that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence’s most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q including the company’s future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results and value in our business, it can also be used to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial measures which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the investor relations portion of our website. A copy of today's press release dated October 24, 2012 for the quarter ended September 29, 2012 and related financial payables can also be found in the investor relations portion of our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan:  Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. Momentum continued in Q3 as we delivered strong results. Total revenue was $339 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 24% and operating cash flow was $92 million. While the semiconductor and world economic environments remain soft and uncertain, most of our customers continue to invest in new designs for electronic products. Ongoing design activity and our own strong pipeline and backlog gave us confidence in raising our Q4 guidance. Geoff will discuss later in the call. Now, let us start with highlights for Silicon Realization. In Q3, we strengthened our capabilities at advanced nodes, including 28 nanometers, 20 nanometers and 16 nanometers and below. We continue to focus on advanced technology and collaborate with leading foundries and key ecosystem partners on test chips for the 16 nanometer and 14 nanometer FinFET based processes. The Encounter digital platform has been used for over 150 tape-outs at 28-nanometer, over 40 at 20-nanometer, and 5 at 16-nanometer and below. Because our Virtuoso custom analog platform is the gold standard, Cadence tools are used for virtually all advanced node designs. Our customers are realizing the benefits of our renewed focus and investment in sign-off solutions. Recently, ST Microelectronics used our integrated sign-off technologies and cut several weeks from the design cycle for a complex SoC. We collaborated with ARM to optimize their POP IP with our Encounter digital platform to improve power, performance and area for ARM’s Cortex A9 and A15 processors. TSMC recently qualified our Encounter digital, Virtuoso custom-analog, and sign-off tools for its 20-nanometer design infrastructure. Our Incisive verification platform continues to be preferred for designing and verifying complex SoCs. Recently, ST Microelectronics reduced verification time from 35 weeks to 25 weeks by using Incisive with Cadence Verification IP on a 32-bit microcontroller. Cadence is the leader in mixed-signal solutions. As consumer, mobile and automotive market segments grow, the demand for mixed-signal solutions is growing. Building on our leadership in analog design this demand is driving increased adoption of our digital and verification tools. We recently published the industry’s first mixed-signal methodology guide, which has been embraced by designers. Our recent mixed-signal technology summit is also quickly sold out. Both indicate the growing importance of the mixed-signal market segment. Denso, a global automotive components manufacturer in Japan, switched to our integrated mixed-signal flow and significantly improved quality and productivity on a low-power mixed-signal SoC. 3D-IC designs that combine separate processor and memory chips in the same package have the potential to significantly improve performance and reduce power in mobile products and extend Moore’s law. Cadence is the leader in 3D-IC design. We just announced that as part of an ongoing collaborative effort, TSMC has validated our 3D-IC design flow with test chips. TSMC’s test chips used both our design tools and Wide I/O memory controller IP and PHY. Next let us look at SoC Realization, we continue to make progress in both Design and Verification IP. Cadence is focused on providing industry-leading memory and storage controllers, PHYs and verification models. In Q3, we announced our DDR4 memory controllers and PHYs, the first available in the industry, were also the first to be silicon proven on the TSMC 28-nanometer process. The advantages of DDR4 should be especially appealing to high-speed infrastructure providers that serve the cloud market segment. Verification IP continues to be one of our fastest growing product lines. We signed our largest VIP contract to date with a major customer. This demonstrates the growing need for quality VIP to verify complex systems and the successful delivery of these components by Cadence. Recently, Samsung was able to significantly accelerate the validation of a PCI Express interface for its solid-state drives using Cadence Accelerated VIP with Palladium XP. Accelerated VIPs running on Palladium XP increased the productivity of Samsung’s validation team by 100%. Now let’s talk about System Realization, where we see great momentum. We continue to see strong customer demand for Palladium. Hardware-assisted verification continues to grow rapidly due to increasing hardware-software codevelopment challenges faced by the customers that develop complex systems, with emulation as the preferred technology to address that needs. The technology advantages of the processor based Palladium solution gives us leadership position in emulation and enables Cadence to capitalize on strong demand for this technology. In Q3, Palladium XP sales was strong, with multiple new and repeat orders from both systems and semiconductor companies. We now expect sales to be flat-to-up for the year. Palladium has particularly strong momentum with companies serving the high-end consumer market, including mobile and gaming products and cloud infrastructure. Our PCB and IC Packaging product lines continue to see good growth. Integration of Sigrity technology into our Allegro platform is going well, and customers are very interested in the integrated solution. Recently, we delivered new technology for both OrCAD and Allegro platforms, including capabilities that accelerate the timing closure for high-speed interfaces by 30% to 50% and enable design collaboration using Microsoft Sharepoint. Cadence is focused on technology leadership. The industry is seeing that, as a result we are now attracting outstanding technologists from inside and outside the industry to join the Cadence team. In summary, Cadence delivered strong Q3 results. And we are working with customers and partners on their most challenging designs and we continue to strengthen and expand our silicon realization product portfolio. Our Design IP and VIP portfolios are expanding, and the demand remains strong for Palladium XP. With that, now I’ll turn it over to Geoff, who will review the financial results and provide our outlook.
Geoffrey Ribar: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone I will review the results for the third quarter, present our outlook for Q4 and update the outlook for 2012. For Q3 Cadence continued to produce strong operating results. Total revenue was $339 million, compared to $326 million for Q2, and $292 million for the year ago quarter. Year-over-year growth was 16%. Product and maintenance revenue was $310 million, and services revenue was $28 million. The revenue mix for the geographies was: 43% for the Americas; 20% for EMEA; 20% for Asia; and 17% for Japan. Total costs and expenses on a non-GAAP basis for Q3 were $257 million, compared to $253 million for Q2, and $240 million for the year ago quarter. Q3 headcount was 5,119, compared to 4,850 for Q2. The Sigrity acquisition added 110 employees and the rest primarily came from hiring in R&D and technical field positions. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q3 was 24%, compared to 23% for Q2, and 18% for the year ago quarter. For Q3, we recorded GAAP net income per share of $0.21, compared to $0.23 for Q2. For Q3, non-GAAP net income per share was $0.21, compared to $0.19 for Q2, and $0.14 for the year ago quarter. Operating cash flow for Q3 was $92 million, compared to $67 million for Q2, and $52 million for the year ago quarter. Total DSOs for Q3 were 34 days, compared to 36 days for Q2, and 50 days for the year ago quarter. Our DSO target is approximately 35 days. Capital expenditures for Q3 were approximately $8 million. Cash and short-term investments were $745 million at quarter-end. About half of that cash was in the U.S. For Q3, approximately 90% of all orders booked were ratable. Weighted average contract life for Q3 was 2.4 years. On a weighted average basis, run-rates on Q3 contract renewals increased over the prior contracts. Now let’s address our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2012, and our update for fiscal 2012. We are increasing our fiscal 2012 outlook for bookings, revenue, earnings per share, and cash flow due to the strong Q3 results and the expectation of continued strong demand in Q4. For Q4 2012, we expect revenue to be in the range of $335 million to $345 million. Q4 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 22% to 23%. Non-GAAP total costs and expenses will be up sequentially, primarily due to the impact of higher bookings on sales compensation and continued growth in headcount, particularly in R&D and technical field positions. GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.13 to $0.15. Non-GAAP EPS for Q4 is expected in the range of $0.18 to $0.20 cents. Now for our update of the fiscal 2012 outlook. Bookings are expected to be in the range of $1.325 billion to $1.345 billion, compared to the prior range of $1.305 billion to $1.335 billion. We expect weighted average contract life to be in the range of 2.5 years to 2.6 years for 2012, and to book at least 90% of our business for the year under ratable arrangements. We expect revenue to be in the range of $1.315 billion to $1.325 billion for 2012, compared to the prior range of $1.295 billion to $1.315 billion dollars. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 22% to 23% on an annual basis for 2012. Now I want to take a moment to provide some preliminary commentary on 2013. Our 2013 non-GAAP total costs and expenses will reflect a full year of costs for Sigrity, our ongoing incremental investment in R&D and technical field positions, and routine increases in employee-related costs. We expect to drop approximately 50% of incremental 2013 revenue through to operating income and we expect to achieve a mid-20s non-GAAP operating margin for the fiscal year 2013. Non-GAAP other income and expense for 2012 is expected to be in the range of a negative $11 million to a negative $9 million dollars. For 2012, we expect – we’re assuming a non-GAAP tax rate of 26% and weighted average shares outstanding of 278 million to 282 million shares. GAAP EPS for 2012 is expected to be in the range of $0.58 to $0.60. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to in the range of $0.75 to $0.77 compared to the prior range of $0.70 to $0.74. For 2012, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $300 million to $320 million. DSOs for 2012 are projected to be approximately 35 days. Capital expenditures for 2012 are expected in the range of $30 million to $35 million dollars. We continued to execute on all fronts in Q3, sales, engineering, and operations, as we exceeded expectations for our key metrics. Near-term pipeline is strong, which gives us confidence in our Q4 guidance. Cadence and the EDA industry generally are clearly delivering value to our customers. However, we are concerned about deteriorating semiconductor business conditions and the impact it could have on our customers’ willingness to invest in R&D. At this point it is too early to tell whether this may or may not have an impact on our business in 2013. As is our practice, we will provide our 2013 outlook with our Q4 earnings release.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from Rich Valera with Needham& Company.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company:  First question just on the macro environment, with two following up on your questions about customer behavior, and it sounds like you said most of your customers are still spending on design and seeing, I think, you’re seeing strong demand from them, but that might suggest that some customers maybe are pulling back a little. So, I just wanted to get maybe a little more color on what you are seeing from customers and if there are maybe some customers that are pulling back at all at this point?
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. Rich, thank you for the question. So first of all, I think clearly in a short-term there are some in the environment. The macro environment in Middle East, Europe slowdown, China slowdown, but meanwhile, I think, we didn’t see much slowdown in our customer base in some of new products they are launching, the R&D they are spending. And clearly, we see some end markets like mobile, data center infrastructure are growing, clearly some slower sector like PC and some portion of the consumer, but all in all I think there is a lot of excitement about new product announcements like Apple, Microsoft and others. So I think overall the trend is a lift in mix in the short-term and meanwhile in the longer-term I think there is a lot of new product coming up; R&D, we didn’t see any slowdown. The other big trend we see is the application driven design and more software content and then mixed signal content become more and more and then the design complexity that really need new and innovative factor solutions and that clearly play into our strength and now that we’ve been investing take the leadership in some of the area of designs and technology customer, ecosystem partners that we have been working very close the last few years and we’re clearly delivering the value, the design tool, the IP that they need and so clearly we are looking forward for the outlook.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Okay. That’s helpful. And with respect to emulation, obviously, you’re continuing to see impressive strength there and you’ve pumped up your guidance for the year there, wondering if you’d be willing to take anything about next year on emulation, I know you don’t want to give specific guidance, but any thoughts on whether emulation could in fact have another year sort of on par with this year flat up or down or anything that you’d be able to say about the suitability of that business would be helpful?
Lip-Bu Tan: So Rich, thank you so much for the question. So, clearly as I mentioned, demand for Palladium remains strong and then we’ve guide, flat to up for this year and I think the Palladium is a go standard and then the processor based design and what the customer looking for in term of performance, capacity and then the design and that is critical to them. And I mentioned earlier before, 40-nanometer and below anything that is processor intensive, this is a must have, is a go standard, and we continue to see the strong demand as long as the industry continues to do that. And then meanwhile, we also caution about the environment, this is a hardware product and but clearly the need of finding the bugs earlier and verify that. It’s critical for system and semiconductor companies.
Geoffrey Ribar:  And I think, I’d like to add again these products are largely used 24/7 at our customers, it’s not just our products, but it’s our competitors products. Really is 24/7, believe it’s a secular trend.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: That’s helpful. Thank you. And one final one if I could, I guess this is for you Geoff, you gave couple of sort of metrics that you’re looking at for 2013, the 50% incremental margins and targeting a mid?
Geoffrey Ribar:  Rich, we lost you. Operator, can we – maybe take the next question, and when Rich gets back on line, we’ll go ahead.
Operator: Yes sir, your next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets Equity Research:  Actually, I was going to follow-up on Rich’s question on, you gave some metrics for 2013 and I missed part of it, if you can reiterate that that would be helpful to start with.
Geoffrey Ribar:  Sure, I think the two key metrics again which we’ve said before, we expect to get to the mid-20s in 2013 for the full year and generally we expect to be able to drop 50% of the revenue increase to the bottom line, of course that somewhat always is going to be depended on macro economic conditions, the size of the growth and an acquisition can potentially change that, but that's generally have been our matrix that we delivered on over the past few years.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets Equity Research: Okay, then the next question is for Lip-Bu, you have been closely monitoring the business for a while and the history of the business that we have really which was more of a static and now you're beginning to see some signs of some real growth and so if you can give us based on your time spent with the customers what do you expect the industry could grow for the next five years and what are some of the factors we should considering an estimate meeting that, that would be very helpful.
Lip-Bu Tan:  Yes Mahesh, thank you so much for the question. And yeah, clearly I think and as you know I spend a lot of time with the customers and now overall I am excited about this EDA industry, the future is very bright and our true end solution is really needed essentially for the customers for that design and as you know I'm very passionate about the semiconductor industry that denote semiconductor is the heart of all the key electronic design and couple of big trend I see from the customer one is the application driven design and clearly it help a lot in some of from the foundry, IP tools and also the software stack and now that vertical collaboration is critical for success and we see that and we busily provide our tool in IP to address that challenge. And so that’s why I think clearly the design application driven design, and also the mixed-signal, more and more components semiconductor mixed-signal, and the analog, digital all come together. And this is very complex in the design, and that is critically helpful for us for doing that. And so – and meanwhile, big an opportunity is the data center infrastructure, the web-enabled applications, and then the mobile as we all know from smartphone to tablet, and now it’s really driving all the growth of that. So I think all in all, I think this is a tremendous opportunity. But clearly, we are very mindful of the macroeconomic and some of our customer has seen some slowdown. As I mentioned earlier, in Middle East, in Europe and China, and also U.S. were recovering. And so I think all in all, we put that factor in and we watch very carefully and we work closely with our customer and our IP partners and foundry partners, so that we are really on top of it.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets Equity Research: So – I know, we talk about the macroeconomic environment and – but I think you have been delivering – the industry has been delivering pretty consistently. Even the Palladium, which is a hardware tool, which is I am assuming that booked some revenue in the same quarter. I mean that seems to be better than expected path. I guess that demand is a concern, but are there any specific sign you’re seeing whether that’s going to impact or you (inaudible) and the reality is that semiconductor companies have to continue to invest to stay on their product pipeline that they can’t slowdown and the EDA industry will not be impacted, which side would you take that eventually will hit you or you think that EDA industry can remain largely immune driven by the fact that the customers don’t have a choice, but to continue to stay on the product roadmap?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah very good question, Mahesh. So let me answer a couple of key points and then Geoff can follow-up with that. So first of all I think clearly we see a major trend, it’s a system company co-vertical starting from Apple, Microsoft and Google, they all have their own hardware product, they are starting to embrace the semiconductor to optimize some of the software and the services they want to provide and clearly time to market become more and more critical and so clearly we can now see more growth in the verification side and you touch on the Palladium is one of the key factor on the verification any thing that you can find apart earlier and then you can come to the time to market earlier, I think that will be a success factor for winning the customer. And then the other thing I mentioned earlier is the whole mixed signal design. It’s very hard to find a pure digital, there is a lot of analog component you have to integrate in. So I think the real big challenge for all the customer are really the power, low power is critical in mobile, in infrastructure related product. Area, and clearly we have the string to a size that fit into the – in a hardware platform and then clearly time to market is most critical. And then the other thing is the competitive nature of the business and the semiconductor it become more and more important that you’re able to provide a platform. So not just the chip, the system, the software spec and you have to be all integrated together and that’s where I think the industry is moving through that direction and we’re so well positioned to capture that.
Geoffrey Ribar:  I think the other point I’ll raise Mahesh is, obviously, our customers are having some challenges right now and having a tough quarter and the outlook isn’t great. But largely they are keeping engineering teams intact, those were a few exceptions, but largely keeping the engineering teams intact. And as to specific signs, we haven’t seen any, but we’re going to continue to be cautious as we look at the environment being what it is.
Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets Equity Research: Okay. That’s very helpful. I’ll just get back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.: Lip-Bu and Jeff, I’d like to ask first about where you are and I think momentarily investing particularly in headcounts, which you did bring up on the call. A recent check of your website shows that there has been a small increase lately in the number of open positions that you’re looking to fill geo, that’s particularly the case it seems in the U.S. and by product area, it looks as though you are more actively looking for in Encounter and custom IC less so with respect to PCB and Palladium. The question is, are these headcounts integrations a reasonable indication of your intentions by geo or by brand, and particularly in the case of customer, it does look again as you’re looking to hire more people. Is that something that you would be doing it anyway or is this perhaps a response to the SpringSoft acquisition?
Lip-Bu Tan:  So, Jay, good question. Let me start and then Jeff check-in. So first of all, I think clearly, we increased our headcount and right now it’s about 5,119 and then some portion it come from the security acquisition and some of them come from the recruitment that we have actually done. And then I mentioned in my remarks that now we’re really excited about some of the top talent we are able to attract from the industry and outside the industry to come onboard, we create a culture that people can come and innovate and we’re going to be the leadership in the technology side. So I think in some of the investment we have been very focused on R&D recruitment and also we now focus on the FAE the customer support to support our customer better. I think the investment so far we have been very focused on taking the leadership in the digital especially in the advanced nodes, thin fab, 3D-IC, we are taking the leadership there and then in the advanced nodes and then secondly, our commitment to ARM in the ARM ecosystem and we have a lot of success in there, we are going to continue expend that and then we also had mentioned in the final area and customer is really looking for automotive. Now we are well positioned to address that and then in some of the IP (inaudible) and now we have been continue to drive success in the verification IP, we continue to have a process growing area and then we also double that in some of the design IP especially in the memory storage controller find area and also in high speed interface area and then in some of the system side continued capital on the Palladium leadership as a go standard and then also driving some of the – PCB become more and more critical in thermal packaging, IC packaging, board packaging, to serve the vertical customer better. And then beside digital the other one is the analog, we double down, take the leadership further in some more advanced nodes and also some of the features and performance we continue to drive success on that. So I think across the board we are really looking at the roof mat, with LIBOR we have, we continue to focus on execution, continue to extract the best talent inside and outside the industry to able to lead from some of the aid design.
Geoffrey Ribar:  Yes and I think Jay, look regarded, it's across-the-board where we're making investments in R&D and in technology part of the sales organization, again we continue to follow EDA 360 as far as our investment philosophy is, and then please don’t take over every place for investing some times we get people on board.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.:  Okay, question on emulation, actually a couple of questions one, could you comment at all on remaining backlog and how lead times look like now, there was in the quarter a pretty substantial reduction in your inventory which I assume would have been recently correlated to the emulation deliveries, so are you at a point now or perhaps you need to materially rebuilt the emulation backlog or could you comment at all on how lead times, we're trying to look there.
Geoffrey Ribar:  Yeah, so there has been no change really in our business. We were happy with some progress we made on inventory and I think we're happy with that progress. We shipped a couple of units right at the end of the quarter which is one reason why inventory is down. Our Backlog is great and our lead times are consistent with industry practice.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.:  Alright and then lastly on the software side, to the extent that your tools has been enabled for double patterning which you talked about back for instance few months ago, is there some measurable impact that you could talk about in terms of pricing benefits from that capability or improvements and license consumption or utilization as a result of this new capability.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, let me start that, and now clearly when you move the geometry down 20-nanometer to 16-nanometer and 14-nanometer thin-fab double patterning, triple patterning is a very differentiating that we need to have and we work very closely with the leading foundries, and then we continue to drive some of the leadership in that. In term of pricing, I don’t think you will see so quickly, I think it’s more in term of the showing the capability and then helping our customer and our foundry partners work closely with them to enable that to happen and so that we can drive the success with our customer. The pricing and consumption and all this will come later. I think the volume as you know is still very small during the test chips and proofing the performance is more important right now and then a couple of leading customer engaging behaviorally. And so, but the volume and revenue is still small and – but I think over the years, it will grow.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Geoffrey Ribar:  Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gus Richard with Piper Jaffray.
Gus P. Richard – Piper Jaffray, Inc.: I just want to talk a little bit about trends and tape-outs for 28, 20 and 16, can you just quantitatively talk about or qualitatively talk about how that’s been trending, are you starting to see an acceleration in 28-nanometer tape-outs and how much of the 20-nanometer activity at this point is test chips versus people actually taping out full devices?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, very good question. And right now as I mentioned, we have 150 tape-out in the 28-nanometer, as I think in some of volume increase right now 28 nanometer are the majority of that. And then in some of 20 nanometer, I think clearly we have done a lot of – end of 40, and counting and the 20 nanometer and it’s very much in the early space of test chips and small volume, I don’t think it would be significant in the remaining of the year, but is engaging. And then most of the leading companies and customer are heavily engaging with us and we want some mixture and is that why it’s very important we emphasis TSMC qualified all the key tools at the 20 nanometer, so that – and TCP when the customer rolling out on the volume, we will be there, so they can use our tool and can be fabricated in the leading foundries and that’s something that we are really focused on getting done. In some of the 16, in our 14, that is thin fab 20 nanometer and then 3D-IC, we have five and is counting and we are excited to engage with the leading customer and the foundries and IP partners to do that because that is critical for the next phase quite obviously 20 nanometer and then some of the complex design or low power require, there are some clear benefit of that, we want to make sure that we have the growth map, able to engage with the customer and then with the partners in the IP and foundry, we can qualify and fabricate it when they are ready. And that’s how are – to modify, get ourselves ready to support them.
Gus P. Richard – Piper Jaffray, Inc.: Okay. Thank you for – it’s very helpful and then as a follow-on question, I’m noticing a little bit more activity in 3D packaging, 2.5D packaging both in the interposers, you know it appears that some people are going to be reaching a much higher volume manufacturing by the end of next year and with your recent acquisition of Sigrity, I was wondering if you are seeing a similar increase in activity and if you could just talk about the opportunity there, it would be helpful.
Lip-Bu Tan:  Sure. So I think clearly, as I mentioned, we are the leader in 3D-IC. We are very engaged with our foundry partners and that is critical. And then as you know, as much as the technology so the cost involved. And so I think so far the deployment of the 3D-IC have been slower. And then clearly, people are moving to 2.5D that engaging, but I think in term of the (inaudible) revenue from that further down the road, but I think we definitely want to make sure that we – our tool and then working with our foundry partners make sure that when they are ready, we are able to support our customer in a cost effective way to drive that.
Gus P. Richard – Piper Jaffray, Inc.: Got it, okay. Thanks so much.
Geoffrey Ribar: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Krish Sankar with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst:  (Inaudible) calling in for Krish Sankar. I just wanted to get a little bit more color on your view on the acquisitions that have been occurring in the space. Can you may be give us your thoughts on how you envision your conversations with customers may have changed with Synopsys acquiring Emulation company, EVE as well as, as Jay had mentioned Synopsys integrating SpringSoft into their business now, which goes up against your custom IC design, and I noticed that your custom IC design segment as well as sale to Asia has grown pretty nicely during the quarters. Maybe if you can comment on that?
Lip-Bu Tan:  Yeah. It’s a very good question. Let me try to address that. So first of all, I think you have two question, one is the EVE and also SpringSoft and more specifically on the Synopsys acquisition on both, so let me try to address both of them. So first of all, SpringSoft, clearly, the largest portion of the SpringSoft function verification. And they are known for the debug capabilities. And then 20% of their revenues come from the custom and analog. And so clearly, it’s the lower end of the market. And so those are the two thing that they have, we watch very closely on them. And then meanwhile and we are very confident with our product Incisive and in fact we just announced our Incisive Debug Analyzer to counter that and also our Virtuoso is a go standard. And 6.1 it’s the preferred solution for the advanced, custom and digital analog and design. And so we are confident with our clearly road map that I review our quarterly with our team; and basically, we will be driving the road map, we love what we have and we are aware of the function verification that they acquire from SpringSoft, we are aware of their analog that they bought on SpringSoft in Magna. And they still have to sort it out in term of the overlapping and then flow and meanwhile we are laser focused on our area of our strength. In some of these acquisitions and clearly we know the – clearly, they are addressing the low end of the emulation and then prototype application on (inaudible). Meanwhile, our Palladium is a go-standard and we have road map, we continue to thrive and we have the processor based Palladium and that clearly the customer like, the feedback is very positive. We continue to drive our road map and continue to engage with the customer to provide the capacity, the performance and the requirement from the customer.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. That’s helpful. And last quarter, you had announced orders for 14 Palladium XP units for one particular customer. Can you provide us with an update on expectations about when these units are expected to ship?
Geoffrey Ribar: No, we are not giving specific, but it’s over time.
Unidentified Analyst: Will it be fair to assume to just across the next few quarters or multiple quarters?
Geoffrey Ribar: Yeah, it’s over time.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just the last one for me, as we all know there has been a lot of negative sentiment out there for some of the semi customers, but can you maybe just provide us an update on your outlook for growth in the core EDA spending for the industry as a whole and what type of scenario heading into 2013 could really impact that and change that?
Lip-Bu Tan: That’s a good question. And this is the outlook and the environment are clearly, as I’ve mentioned earlier there are some shot-term challenges, some of our customer announce guide the Q4 and down by 10%. But clearly, we also have some customer doing extremely well and also provide the highlight on the Q4 outlook. But clearly, we can see mobile, data structure, infrastructure growing with all the new announcement from Apple yesterday and then Microsoft and Google.
 : So all in all, I think, now clearly, we have some short-term challenges in the industry and then we’re watching the macro environment carefully. We want to be cautioned and we will listen to our customer and our customer-customer very closely in monitoring that situation. And then meanwhile, really focus on execution, our roadmap execution, our R&D development to drive the success here.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. That’s helpful.
Geoffrey Ribar: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan: Thanks, guys. I apologize if you talked about it balancing multiple calls, but the duration down, so I think you said, 2.4 years, what percent of your customers are giving, is that really just the confidence in what we’re seeing in the current market outlook. And since the durations really shortened up over last couple of years, when are we going to start seeing some of those early contracts that get shorter duration contracts start to roll back around? And can you give us a sense of what they are trying to run rate renewal look like renewing on a shorter-term basis?
Geoffrey Ribar: Yeah, on the duration Sterling, we just take the natural request from our customers, right. So the 2.4 is going to fluctuate, 2.4, 2.5, 2.6, some customers wanted longer deals, some customer are happy with shorter deals. I think already we’re seeing customers come back when you have shorter deals and come back to the – to us for more licenses, renewals, those types of things. I think one reason we say run-rate is up contract-to-contract is because of that, and because of the value we create for the customer itself. 
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Diffely with D. A. Davidson.
Unidentified Analyst:  Andrew calling in for Tom. You guys have been performing quite well in the current environment and just looking forward, are there certain areas where you guys see a share gain opportunities?
Lip-Bu Tan:  Say again the question.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, just on share gain opportunities.
Lip-Bu Tan: Share gain, okay. So those are couple of things we should emphasize, one clearly on the digital front and we are making great progress, we have significant investment in this area for the last three years and I mentioned earlier we take the leadership in the advanced node 3D-IC and also thin fab and also I think clearly our relationship with ARM and the whole ecosystem help us tremendously and then as I mentioned in the past, couple of quarter, we have heavy market share gains in the top 10 semiconductor in the digital front. And then the other thing is now we have a strong momentum, rely our route map, also the product that we continue to drive and we also have good top talents coming in to help us and that we are recruiting and also a lot of customer looking for alternatives and clearly the one to have another alternative that they don’t have to be so depending on one. And then the other thing is, all this would see the result in the longer selling cycle and we now continue to really laser focused and then winning the customer mindset and also continue to improve our product offering so that really solve the problem and that’s the design challenge they have in the advanced nodes.
Geoffrey Ribar: And I think Andrew it’s showing up in the numbers, we are growing 14% to 15% organically, we believe that’s faster than our competitors are growing organically.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
Geoffrey Ribar:  Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse: I have a couple. It sounds like you are cautiously optimistic one EDA prospects, but also you are concerned on the macro and what some of your customers are doing. I was wondering specifically what does the customer’s profitability levels going down mean for pricing trend that we would see in EDA both in the hardware and software side over the next few quarters?
Geoffrey Ribar:  Hi, Satya, this is Geoff. So, yeah, we are cautiously optimistic. We obviously pay a lot of attention to the macro environment. I think the key thing for us is the value that we give to our customers. As their environment gets challenged they do want to get new products out the door, right? And one way to get through a downturn in the semiconductor business is to get new product out the door. They are not getting with engineers with a few exceptions. So the pricing environment can be what the pricing environment is going to be, but generally, I think those two trends are positive for us despite the macro environment.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then on 20-nanometer, you talked about the tape-outs, I think, 40 tape-outs in early phases. When we look at some of the designs that you see in the pipeline and what you’re taping our, do you see any differences in the level of double-patterning that you see your customers do – some customers tend to use a lot more double-patterning, some use a lot less, do you see any variations there in the 20-nanometer? And I think there was an earlier question on this as well on what multiple patterning means for EDA, I was wondering if there is a simpler way to look at on a per tape-out basis for example or for a given level of complexity the dollars of revenue opportunity that you guys get when you go to 20 versus what you have at 28?
Lip-Bu Tan:  Sure. It’s a good question. Clearly, the – as I mentioned, we are very engaged in that with of customer and foundry partners and IT partners in the 20 nanometer. Majority of them are really still in the test chip stage and (inaudible) can be fabricated, can be designed and then what are the advantage in the power of performance and then clearly we work very closely, we have announced with ARM, TSMC and Samsung and we mentioned about the XP and many more. So we have about four key engagement and in some this 20 nanometer. And in some way it’s very much mixed with the different customers, they all have different way of doing things and then some and precious more double pattern or even triple pattern. And then, so I think it’s really mix dependent on the customer preference and also the application they try to drive.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse: And then on the opportunities at 20 nanometer?
Geoffrey Ribar:  Yeah, I think opportunity I think is great and then we are looking forward to that and our customer are engaging quite heavily clearly in some of very strong process and out there – DSP intensive and also some of the graphics and then some of the mobile, the performance and power and geometry is important and so those are the one that are – you can kind of suspect where the customer are, they are very heavily engaging and in fact some of them are really starting to look at using 20 and thin fab and then mostly in the 16 and 14 and so that is – we are engaging intensively with our customer.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Geoffrey Ribar:  Thank you.
Operator: And our final question of today will come from Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: So I will complete that question I started to ask before. So you gave us two metrics for 2013 and it seems like that you combine those with your 2012 base line for your current guidance. It would imply your need roughly high single-digit revenue growth. I’d come out with about 8% to sort of get those to 25% op margin with 50% incremental margin. So I was wondering, is there anything you should have takeaway from that or is it something that you should not willing to comment on this point?
Geoffrey Ribar: We are going to guide 2013 when we do the Q4 earnings call. So we will be happy to talk more about that then.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Okay. Just one more if I could just on cash flow. Can you think of if there is anything unusual in the 2012 cash flow in terms of timing or one-timers or should we assume that cash flow – that cash flow numbers should have tracks upward next year kind of consistent with the improvement in operating income?
Geoffrey Ribar: Yes. So (inaudible) on cash flow, we obviously work hard damage our cash flow with our operating and – with our revenue and therefore with our operating income. Our cash flow as a percentage of revenue is higher than our operating income. I think that is a good sign.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Any sense that it should continue to sort of trend at roughly the same ratio there?
Geoffrey Ribar: Yeah generally it will match or exceed operating income as a percentage of revenue.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And at this time, I’d to turn things back over to Mr. Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing, Cadence continues to deliver technology needed by designers and our business results reflect this. EDA industry is also doing better job of delivering value to it customers. While the macro environment remain uncertain

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Alan Lindstrom - Director of IR Lip-Bu Tan - President & CEO Geoff Ribar - SVP & CFO 
Analysts:  Raj Seth - Cowen Steven Zaccone - Needham & Company Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray Thomas Yeh - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Sterling Auty - JPMorgan.  
Operator:  Good afternoon. My name is David and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems' Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you David and welcome to our earnings conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2012. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website cadence.com and will be archived for two weeks. With us today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO of Cadence; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause the difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the Company's future filings and the cautionary comments regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. A copy of today's press release dated April 25, 2012 for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan:  Good afternoon, everyone, thank you for joining us. Cadence is delivered strong results in Q2, revenue totaled $326 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 23% and operating cash flow was $67 million. Our business continued to be driven by design activity which remained robust in Q2, the macro environment is challenging with slow growth in China and the ongoing debt crisis in Europe and slow U.S. recovery. Key shipments and infrastructure equipment are showing weakness and foundry issues have hurt sales for some customers. However, we believe this high activity will continue at a good pace in second half. We are working closely with customers on the most complex design; our backlog remained strong and continues to strengthen our product portfolio. After reviewing our pipeline for the second half and taking into account the macro-risk we are modestly raising guidance. Now let us look at few of the highlights for Q2 starting with silicon realization. Our 20 nanometer design technology continues to gain momentum both for digital as well as custom and analog. We have previously announced 20 nanometer test chips with ARM, TSMC and Samsung. STMicroelectronics fuse our encounter digital and virtual custom analog platforms to complete a 20 nanometer mix signal test chip. Our Encounter and virtual platforms received Phase I certification for TSMC 20 nanometer technology. We collaborated with Samsung on the 20 nanometer methodology that includes double patterning technology. The number of 20 nanometer engagement with key customers is growing in every region, overall we are working with 16 different customers at 20 nanometer with more than 30 designs in progress or complete using encounter. At 40 nanometer process note we had joint projects underway and are working on test chips. The increased complexity of modern SoC is driving demand for our advanced verification solutions. In Q2, we closed a significant order for our incisive verification platform with a top 10 semi-conductor company. I have some exciting progress to report in the physical verification area. As a result on going collaboration TSMC is now making DRC and LDS Root/x (ph) available for our physical verification system product at a 28 and 20 nanometer nodes. This is yet another proof point that our investment at 20 nanometer node is producing competitive products and creating new opportunities for us. Our acquisition of Azuro and its unique breakthrough, clock concurrent optimization now integrated into our encounter digital solution. It enables customer to materially improve the power, performance and area of the design especially those containing ARM core. This creates opportunities for us to expand our digital footprint with some customers. (Inaudible) was one successful customer story during the quarter. We are working with a number of major customers including Renesas, who are achieving outstanding results using encounter with Azuro technology built-in. Next let us look at SoC realization, our design IP business is growing rapidly. The DDR5 and PCI Express Control, controller product lines both have record bookings for the quarter. We are aggressively expanding our product line as we strive to have products ready for new protocols when customers meet them. In Q2, we launched the industry first IP subsystem for the development of SoC supporting the non-volatile memory express standard and interface technology used in the rapidly expanding solid state drive market. New fund integrated Cadence DDR3 memory controller and (inaudible) in their Dual- Core ARM Cortex A9 based mobile application processor. Verification IP is one of our fastest growing product lines. In Q2, we booked our single largest VIP transaction to-date. We continue to expand our VIP catalog, in Q2, we introduced the industry first accelerated VIP which is a VIP use on an emulation platform such as Palladium XP. So far we have added, accelerated VIP for the foreign interface standards. ARMs AMBA, PCI Express Gen3, USB 3.0, 10 Gigabit Ethernet, SATA 3 and HDMI 1.4. Now let us talk about system realization, our system realization offering creates opportunities for both semi-conductor and system companies. The importance of package and broad design tools grows a bit smaller, complex high speed boards used in today’s mobile products. Recognize the design challenges that company are facing in design complex boards for today’s systems. We acquire Sigrity, with Sigrity, we become the leader in high speed analysis, power and signal integrity for gigabit interface designs. This is critical technology for high growth, vertical markets, like hand held multi-media devices and cloud infrastructure. With Sigrity we added the leading sign off technology for board and package design complimenting both our PCB, IC packaging solutions and SoC sign off tools. Palladium XP demand continues to be strong. Q2 sales significantly exceeded our expectations due to continuing customer demand for capability to design and verify large complex systems and also seize including software. One customer alone order 14 system in Q2. It was a strong quarter for Palladium XP in Japan with further expansion into server, video and imaging market. Business in North America and Europe remained strong with both new and repeat business in networking, mobile and gaming markets. Palladium capability now includes in circuit accelerations and accelerated VIP which opens new business opportunity for us. In conclusion, we delivered strong results in Q2 as customer continue to invest in new projects and design technology. We are modestly raising our guidance for the year after taking into account under ongoing challenges in the environment. We are working with customer on their most challenging designs and we continue to strengthen and expand our product portfolio. With that I will now turn it over to Geoff who will review the financial results and provide our outlook.
Geoff Ribar: Thanks Lip-Bu and good afternoon everyone. I will review the results for the second quarter, present our outlook for Q3 and update the outlook for 2012. For the second quarter Cadence again produced strong operating results. Total revenue was $326 million compared to $360 million for Q1 and $283 million for the year ago quarter. The year-over-year growth was 15%, product revenue was $208 million, maintenance revenue was $89 million and services revenue was $29 million. Revenue mix for the geographies was 46% for Americas, 20% for EMEA, 18% for Asia and 16% for Japan. Total cost and expenses under non-GAAP basis for Q2 were $253 million compared to $250 million for Q1 and $235 million for the year ago quarter. Head-count was 4850, compared to 4766 for Q1, the increase was almost entirely due to hiring an R&D in technical field positions. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q2 was 23%, compared to 21% for Q1 and 17% for the year ago quarter. For Q2, we recorded GAAP net income per share of $0.13 compared to $0.11 for Q1. For Q2, non-GAAP net income per share was $0.19 compared to $0.17 for Q1 and $0.12 for the year ago quarter. Operating cash flow for Q2 was $67 million compared to $61 million for Q1 and $69 million for the year ago quarter. DSOs for Q2 were 35 days compared to 25 days for Q1 and 51 days for the year ago quarter. The increase from Q1 was due to timing of billings and collections, our DSO target remains 35 days or under. Capital expenditures for Q2 were approximately $10 million. Cash and short term investments were $713 million at quarter end above half in the U.S. For Q2 approximately 90% of orders booked were rateable including product, maintenance and services. Weighted average contract life for Q2 was 2.5 years. On a weighted average basis run rates on Q2 contract renewals increased. Now let’s address our outlook for the third quarter of 2012 and our update for fiscal 2012. We are increasing our fiscal 2012 outlook for bookings, revenue and earnings per share due to strong Q2 results and expectation of continuing strong demand in Q3. For Q3, 2012, we expect revenue to be in the range of $325 million to $335 million. Q3 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 21% to 22%. Non-GAAP total cost and expenses will be up sequentially due to the acquisition of Sigrity. The Sigrity acquisition is expected to be $0.01 or $0.02 dilutive to the second half results primarily due to the impact of purchase accounting rules on deferred revenue and a transition to a rateable license model for the Sigrity business. GAAP EPS for the third quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.17 to $0.18. Non-GAAP EPS for Q3 is expected to be in a range of $0.18 to $0.19. Now for update of fiscal 2012 outlook, we are raising outlook for the year based on our first half results and our expectations for the second half. This outlook takes into account the ongoing risk of global economic slowdown. Sigrity is expected to be $0.01 or $0.02 dilutive to the second half 2012 results, primarily due to the impact of purchase accounting rules on deferred revenue and a transition of this business to a rateable model. We expect Sigrity be slightly accretive for 2013 and at the transition of Sigrity’s business to Cadence’s rateable business model, amortization of Sigrity’s deferred revenue will be substantially complete by the end of 2013. Bookings are now expected to be in the range of $1.305 billion to $1.335 billion compared to the prior range of $1.295 billion to $1.335 billion. We expected their weighted average contract life between 2.4 and 2.6 years for 2012 and to book at least 90% of our business for the year under rateable arrangements. We now expect revenue to be in the range of $1.295 billion to $1.315 billion for 2012 compared to the prior range of $1.27 billion to $1.3 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 21% to 22% on an annual basis for 2012 unchanged from our prior guidance due to the Sigrity acquisition. Non-GAAP and other income expense for 2012 is expected to be in the range of negative $13 million to negative $10 million. For 2012, we are assuming non-GAAP tax rate of 26% and weighted average shares outstanding of 276 million to 282 million shares. GAAP EPS for 2012 is expected to be in the range of $0.51 to $0.55 compared to the prior range of $0.45 to $0.49. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected to be in the range of $0.70 to $0.74 compared to the prior range of $0.66 to $0.70. For 2012, we expect operating cash flow in the range of $290 million to $310 million compared to the prior range of $275 million to $305 million. DSOs for 2012 are projected to be 35 days or under. Capital expenditures for 2012 are expected to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million. Q2, was another good quarter backed by solid executive with a 23% non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter. We are on track to achieve our goal of the mid-20s for 2013. Finally, design activity remains good, so we are modestly raising our guidance after carefully reviewing our pipeline for the second half and taking to account the macro-risks, Operator we will now take any questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen.
Raj Seth - Cowen:  I had a couple of quick ones, Geoff first from a bookings perspective in the current quarter, if you were to exclude the upside that you talked about for emulation were bookings still better than expectation or were they inline?
Geoff Ribar:  Bookings across the board were better than our expectation.
Raj Seth - Cowen: And just on the emulation front, we have talked about this before, hypothetically if the world weakened that might be a place where you would see people pull back first, you are seeing the opposite. How sustainable you had guided that flat to down for the year as your perspective for the full-year changed and Lip-Bu talked about a very big order I forget exactly the number 14-15 boxes over what period is the (inaudible) there, how does that work?
Lip-Bu Tan:  So I think Raj, couple of point let me end up first, first of all I think the demand for the hardware emulation is continue to increase as customer moving to below 40 nanometer, time to market is critically, identify the box earlier will be better. So, I think clearly the whole hardware emulation is going very rapidly because of the demand and so meanwhile our product is a go standard and we continue to have very good success in that.
Geoff Ribar: And as far as what we see going forward on emulation we expect it, we are still guiding flat to slightly down for the second half of the year. Again Lip-Bu said we agree, there is a secular trend but because of the macro economic conditions we are going to pay attention to that, and we do have a competitor in this space who is doing well and as competitive. As far as the revenue recognition on the 14 boxes that will be over a number of quarters.  
Raj Seth - Cowen: Okay and last question maybe Lip-Bu for you, you have been doing quite well some of that I suppose at least in previous periods as digging yourself out of a whole and in some cases easy compares. Now I think you are through a lot of the model transition, as you think about share in the industry, what do you think the share trends are, where do you think you are actually poised to or seeing share gains across your business and I wonder if you could pay a particular attention just to the visual side where you continue to reference increasing wins. Thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan: So first of all I think we have a very good executive team, continue very focused on execution and the other thing is we are heavily investing in term of product in the (inaudible) in some of the area like digital, mixed signal and advance notes and some of the IP and a system double and so clearly we want to provide the best tool, the best IP to our customer to enable the success in the design and that’s our ultimate goal and with that we continue to win, continue to able to complete successfully and then the customer like that kind of engagement level we have is the commitment that we want to make them successful that ultimately will win.
Raj Seth - Cowen: And any perspective on share, or do you feel like you are gaining share or is this just a strong tide for everybody?
Lip-Bu Tan: I just feel that you know first of all I think the design activity at least from our side we see tremendous activity and meanwhile I think it create a lot of opportunity whether improve product and portfolio, they give us a lot of competitive advantage and then cost similar to see us have a road map to facing all these challenge in design when you move out the 28, 20 and below clearly I think that we want to be the best solution to provide the customer and ultimately that is give us position as well for win.
Geoff Ribar: And I think its clear Raj, that we are growing faster than industry as a whole and that means we believe that we are winning market segment share at places.
Raj Seth - Cowen: And just to put a point on that Geoff I promise I will go away but the outside growth that you are showing, I guess your assertion is that’s really not so much model transition at this point.
Geoff Ribar: You are correct, model transition is in the very low single digits now impact on our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Valera of Needham & Company.
Steven Zaccone - Needham & Company: This is Steven Zaccone for Rich Valera, all my questions have been answered. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Lip-Bu I would like to ask you about your system interconnect or BCP business. Other than the Sigrity acquisition in what other ways do you think you will be making new commitments or investments to renewing your overall competitiveness in the BCP business, number of years ago you recall with the restructuring how the company pulled back in some ways from that area and now you seem to be renewing your interest net area, so and what broader ways are you looking to grow that business other than this particular acquisition.
Lip-Bu Tan : I think it's a good question and first of all I think the Sigrity acquisition has fit in very well to our system strategy, and then look at the whole BCP and board (ph), it become a very important. If a customer want to see end to end beside the true design and other way to IC packaging to BCP packaging and especially the power and our signal integrity high speed analysis, this is a critical piece and we integrate that into the vertical BCP market and that’s a lot of vertical market we can serve from automotive to computing, through (inaudible) and anything that is high speed, is going to be a critical piece. So I think you have correctly point out that we are investing and we are growing the business and it became very important for us to serve our customer in the vertical markets.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: In the hardware emulation business, would it be fair to say that you are going to be selling the current version of Palladium until sometime well into next year, so Mentor has a new box in the market of course but you are going to continue to have available the version you had the last couple of years at least until next year.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes I think as I mentioned earlier, I think that chip is getting more and more complex and when you move down the geometry below 40 that’s a lot of complex and if we can identify the pack earlier you can address the pack earlier but time to market is tremendous for the customer. So we are going to continue to see growth in this area and then meanwhile I think as I mentioned we are go standard and we continue to have the record quarter in term of growing and significantly exceeded our expectation and as I mentioned one customer order 14 units in Q2, so we continue to see the demand I think it's good for the industry and it is badly needed by the customer and we continue to improve, continue to drive success with our customer.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: And just to clarify, you are not going to have a product refresh necessarily in that business until sometime in 2013, would that be right?
Geoff Ribar: We don’t disclose our product roadmap.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Geoff, you pick up a low end of the product bookings forecast to be here by about 10 million which would seem to roughly correlate to the upside that you had in emulation business in Q2, so just again to clarify, some of your earlier questions, you are taking up your software only bookings applications for the reminder of the year?
Geoff Ribar: Yes the bookings is going up for both reasons.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Okay and lastly for Lip-Bu again, you referred to a positive development with respect to physical verification but how do you foresee your prospects outside of the RC and LVS in other forms of physical verification, what investments are you making there or how -- what kind of prognosis would you have yourselves there.
Lip-Bu Tan : It's a good question, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks and we continue to see good record there and continue to win and we are also investing in some of the technology to improve further especially in the advance note so that is important area for us and we continue to invest.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gus Richard of Piper Jaffray.
Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray:  Just a couple of quick housekeeping questions, your service margins were up quite sharply in the quarter, could you just talk about that briefly?
Geoff Ribar: Sure, first all I won't take it as a trend or commitment that that’s where we are going to be going forward. As always we have been moving resources gradually away from services to support our IP and SoC business and so that’s showing up in improved margins, I think is one of the major regions and in some cases we booked revenue here based on past practices where we did have, we book revenues sometimes where we collect cash for certain types of customers or we book some revenue where we collected cash that we necessarily have expenses associated with it. The margins aren’t sustainable at that level.
Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray: Okay and then in terms of the Sigrity acquisition, can you just give us a handicap I am assuming there is no little no revenue from that this year because of accounting purchase accounting and just wondering what the incremental OpEx is going to be for that business this year.
Geoff Ribar: So Gus there is actually some revenue in that business where we are still working to that acquisition accounting. So deferred revenue will take a big chunk and the model change will take another big chunk away from what we expected revenue. We also have some piece that’s a retention piece for some of those employees and that’s also showing up in the expenses. It is about a penny or two pennies different on our EPS and I think that’s probably the key message, it does also effect the operating margin percentage a little bit also which is why the operating margin percentage is actually going down a little bit for the second half of the year.
Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray: Got it and then on the DSOs, the fee increase sequentially, is that really a function of increased stimulation sales in the quarter.
Geoff Ribar: Yes it's mostly hardware business that’s driving that, there is also some amount of billings we make to Japanese customers that we will get paid for in Q3. There is nothing unusual or unexpected from it.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question is from the line of Krish Sankar of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Thomas Yeh - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: This is Thomas Yeh calling in for Krish Sankar, thanks for taking my questions. First off during that conference Cadence and some peers highlighted some of the design challenges related to 20 nanometer which would require a potential step up in investments from EDA vendors. Can you help us quantify that and talk about any differences you might see in regards to the level of investment it took to get from say 45 nanometers to 32 nanometers and how that could differ from the move from 28 to 20.
Lip-Bu Tan: So let me take a crack at it and Krish I think the 20 nanometer is not as easy and it's much more complex and so we have a jump start on it and so we are committed to the 20 nanometer, as I mentioned in my remark ARM, TSMC, ST, Samsung we have engaged heavily and we also have 16 customer working with us and more than 30 design and so clearly is a very difficult and complex and customer invest quite a bit in that and they also like to see the roadmap when they go into production sometime next year and so we are engaging and we are working very hard with the customer and so we are investing but it's factored in pretty much in the our financial model that Geoff prepared and so to answer your question yes we are investing and it's not as easy, it's very complex.
Geoff Ribar:  And Thomas I do want to emphasize it is substantial investment that Cadence is making for this business, substantial investment because it's critical to us and critical to our customers.
Thomas Yeh - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: That’s helpful and second digging a little bit more into the Sigrity acquisition, can you highlight for us what kind of incremental market size that opens up and just in regards to margin you mentioned that it would be lower but longer term, is it safe to assume that could be brought up back to your corporate average?
Lip-Bu Tan: So maybe before I address Sigrity, back a little bit on the 20 nanometer so as you imagine quite a lot of (inaudible), double patterning, 3D-IC and all those area are the investment area that works with our customer. On the Sigrity side, and as I mentioned you fit in very well with our system strategy and also our PCB packaging related design and you become very complex, customer want to really design the chip knowing the packaging will not be a problem and so this is strategically important to us in term of high speed analysis, power signal integrity and in the gigabit interface. So all this and also the sign off, it will be critical so all this is going to be and it is very important for us and then Geoff maybe can answer the second half.
Geoff Ribar: So Thomas it will be solely dilutive in 2012 and solely accretive in 2013 but both of those numbers are materially impacted by the accounting and merger and acquisition accounting, without the merger and acquisition accounting those numbers would clearly be better. So it is material impact but those things will be complete by the end of 2013 and much more normal business model for that business going forward.
Thomas Yeh - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Then last one for me, revisiting just the impact of the Synopsys acquisition of Magma, can you highlight for us whether you have seen any changes in the pricing environment or any new customer that might be seeking dual source.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes so let me address that, so first of all I think clearly open doors for additional engagement. We see tremendous interest on customer to work with us. For a couple of factors one clearly you know the mixed signal SoC and it is very important for them and then secondly we are much improved our digital flow and implementation, they are attracted to us and the thirdly our advanced development and engagement in the 20 nanometer and below and of course the other thing is very big opportunity for us is ARM, relationship that we have been engaging and working closely with them in the design and the flow. So all this I think is just enhanced customer want to engage with us and work with us and selecting us and give us a quick opportunity that we are very excited and we continue to drive the best to best solution IP to a customer that can enhance and provide value to our customer and enable them to win.
Operator: And you have a question from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: I heard the commentary in terms of your outlook but I just wanted to circle back to listening to lot of semiconductor earnings calls here for June, I was wondering if anything really pops out to you in terms of how they are allocating or looking at the R&D spending relative to their spend for EDA and specifically what I mean, you know in Intel, fixed instruments are seem to be slowing their spend. There are others that it feels like they are reallocating out of other areas to spend in R&D. Do you feel there is an increased level of nervousness around the spend or do you still feel like the heightened design activity should remain constant through this year and into next year.
Lip-Bu Tan:  I think Sterling it's a good question and first of all I think we don’t see in a big across the board customer spending cut or freeze and we still see tremendous R&D development at least the customer we are working with and clearly the design activities continue to grow and then as you know the design engineer, there is a last depot that you want to cut and so our relationship in the EDA spend a lot to do with the design engineers and then chip is not getting easier to design, it's much more complex. So I think that the place that they spend a lot of money is clearly in the digital mix signal space that we see and also in the PCB side, in the hardware emulation side. So anything that can help them to design the product faster and then low power is critical for lot of mobile infrastructure player and also the easier earlier to identify the packs and the hardware, software, co-design, co-validation (ph) becomes very important for them and so I think we kind of picking up our bets in term of the area that we think will be really helpful to them and then in their design. So far in those areas that we pick we don’t see slowdown.
Geoff Ribar: I think the other thing right Sterling is when they revenue impacts, one of the things they want to do is get new products out the door and that leads to design activity, leads to engineers, leads to value for the whole (inaudible) will change of path.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Got it two other questions, first of can you give us a sense I didn’t quite hear it, if you were to split your business in terms of the core EDA versus the IP and other how would kind of characterize or quantify the growth in both of those buckets for this quarter?
Geoff Ribar: So I think both businesses grew quite strongly, if you want to jus abide core EDA IP and other and the system realization I think all of those things grew very steadily and very well for us. I don’t think any of them grew particularly faster than anything else, VIP was probably the fastest growing business for us as a percentage but I think we saw strong growth all across that so I think we are quite happy with the growth.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Okay last question on the emulation it feels like you have been almost capacity constrained in the first half, did you change any of your manufacturing order plans here for the back half to increase and meet some of this higher than expected demands.
Lip-Bu Tan: I think Sterling, and too clearly on the hardware emulation side we continue to drive improvement, execution, supply change that is kind of ongoing effort and we send up urgency and clearly the demand is strong. We like the business and we continue to invest and continue to improve so that we can meet the customer requirement.
Operator: And this was our last question, I will now turn the call over to Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO of Cadence for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing, the strength and momentum of our technology which is expanding, existing relationship as well as creating new engagements, lead to strong operating result for the first half. Our level of business, customer engagement and growing product portfolio give me confident that the rest of the 2012 will be also good for Cadence. Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon and I look forward to speaking with you soon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s Cadence Design Systems second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom - Director, IR. Lip-Bu Tan - President and CEO Geoff Ribar - Senior Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Richard Grace - RBC Capital Markets Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray Tom Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co. Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch Simran Brar - Cowen Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities
Operator: Good afternoon. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over Alan Lindstrom, Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you. And welcome to our earnings conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2012. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, cadence.com and will be archived for two weeks. With us today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO of Cadence, and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause the difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings, and the cautionary statements regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with generally-accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with the most direct comparable GAAP financial results which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. A copy of today's press release dated April 25, 2012, for the quarter ended December 31, 2011 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tanb: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. Cadence is off to a good start for 2012 for both software and hardware exceeding expectation for Q1. The quarter included two major renewal in North America and Japan. For Q1 revenue totaled $316 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 21%, and we generated $61 million of operating cash flow. Based on Q1 results and our visibility into the rest of 2012, we are updating our outlook. Geoff will present the details in a few minutes. Let us look at the few of the highlights for Q1. I will start with silicon realization. We have significantly increased, improved our digital design flow over the last three years. In Q1, we introduced version 11.1 of our Encounter RTL-to-GDSII flow for high performance and large scale design at 20-nanometers. This new version includes in-design double-patterning support for the 20-nanometer silicon. The growing strength of our digital flow enables us to pursue additional opportunities. At the most advance nodes, for designs using advance multi-core processors and for high performance mixed signal designs. In Q1, a major North American customer of our virtual custom and analog design flow replace the existing digital flow with the Cadence Encounter digital flow in order to deploy a fully integrated mixed signal design flow. A major European customer also renewed a commitment to our mixed signal flow in Q1. These wins for lower trend we started to see in recent quarters which is the need for integrated mix signal design and verification solution. Our market segment leading Virtuoso product lines enables us to deliver value added solutions when integrated with our Encounter and incisive platforms to meet this market requirement. In Q1 Virtuoso AMS Designer, our mixed signal simulation product won the 2012 ACE award in China in the category of best EDA product. AMS Designer is used to verify mixed signal SoCs like those used in mobile devices. DSM Technology is a key requirement for manufacturing SoCs at advance process nodes. We work closely with Samsung foundry to develop DSM flows for in-design optimization and physical sign-off for 32, 28 and 20-nanometer SoC designs. This new flows improved chip yield by addressing critical random and systematic yield issues. We are seeing an increase in interest for design solutions for 3D-IC. Cadence invested early in this space working closely with several leading customers. With TSMC we collaborated on the Test Vehicle, implying 3D-IC technologies including two silicon VS to integrate an SoC and embedded DRAM on the silicon interposer. Through our continuous investment in R&D and ecosystem development, we intend to remain well positioned to capitalize on this major shift in semiconductor and manufacturing. Next let us look at the SOC realization. Expanding our design IP business is a priority for Cadence. Martin Lund joined Cadence in March to lead our SoC realization group. Martin joined us from Broadcom where he served for 12 years, most recently as Senior Vice President and General Manager for their Network Switching Business. The addition of Martin further strengthened my integrated management team. We continue to expand our design IP portfolio in Q1 with the introduction of a high-performing, low-power, controller PHY for the LPDDR3 mobile memory standard and 40/100 Gigabit Ethernet media access controller that enables directed deployment of SoCs for networking and high-performance computing. Verification IP is one of our fastest growing businesses. It is used to facilitate SoC verification and increasingly to verify interface between multiple chips and peripherals such as memory, cameras and display. Our strategy is to continuously expand our portfolio in fast growing vertical markets segments.  In Q3, 2011, we expanded our verification IP catalogue with offerings targeted at mobile application, one of the key drivers of the electronic industry. In Q1, 2012, we added verification IP for two popular protocol standard used in cloud computing and data center applications. Now let us talk about system realizations. The Cadence Virtual System Platform was named a winner in the 2012 UBM Electronics ACE Awards in software Software Ultimate Products Category. In Q1, we also released the production version of our Virtual Platform for the Xilinx Zynq-7000 platform. Even the Cadence Virtual System Platform is enable the simultaneous development and validation of hardware and software before the hardware is even available, providing significant savings in development costs and time-to-market. In another highlights for the system realization Palladium XP hosted stronger than expected sales in Q1 driven by continuing trends towards more purchased by the systems companies and growing sales in China. Let me conclude with a few comments on our recent CDNLive! User Conference held in Silicon Valley. The success of our CDNLive! Conference held last month is a clear indicator of Cadence Technology progress and our strong focus on deepening customer relationship, featuring key notes by Senior Executive from ARM and TSMC.  CDNLive! highlighted the collaboration Cadence is fostering in the semiconductor industry to tackle that greatest technology challenges. Attendance was up significantly as were customer-contributed papers. With that, I will turn it over to Geoff, who will review the financial results and provide our outlook. 
Geoff Ribar: Thanks Lip-Bu, and good afternoon everyone. Cadence posted strong financial results for Q1. I will review the results for the first quarter, present our outlook for Q2 and update the outlook for 2012. Total revenue for the third quarter was $316 million compared to $308 million for Q4 2011 and $266 million for the year ago quarter. The year-over-year increase was 19%. Product revenue was $190 million, maintenance revenue was $96 million and services revenue was $30 million. The revenue mix for the geographies was 44% for the Americas, 19% for EMEA, 19% for Asia and 18% for Japan. Total cost and expenses under non-GAAP basis for Q1 were $215 million compared to $244 million for Q4 2011 and $230 million for the year ago quarter. Q1 headcount was 4,766 compared to 4,728 for Q4 2011. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q1 was 21%, compared to 21% for Q4 2011 and 13% for the year ago quarter. For Q1 we reported GAAP net income per share of $0.11 compared $0.02 for Q1 2011. For Q1 2012, non-GAAP net income per share was $0.17 compared to $0.17 for Q4 2011 and $0.09 for the year ago quarter. Operating cash flow for Q1 was $61 million compared to $62 million for Q4 2011 and $56 million for the year ago quarter. Total DSOs for Q1 decreased to 25 days down from 43 days from Q4 2011 and from 62 days for the year ago quarter. The reduction was due to our success of our ongoing efforts to match cash collections and the timing of revenue recognition. These efforts have also led to course money reductions in accounts receivable and deferred revenue. As a result our new DSO target is 25 to 35 days. Capital expenditures for Q1 were approximately $8 million. Cash and cash equivalents were $660 million at quarter end. Approximately 50% of our cash is in the U.S. For Q1, over 90% of orders book were addable including the product maintenance and services. Weighted average contract life for Q1 was approximately 2.8 years, higher than our target range of 2.4 to 2.6 for the year due to a large multi-year contract booked in Q1. On a weighted average basis, run rates in Q1 contract renewals increased. It is worth noting due to the success of Palladium XP, hardware has become a larger part of our product mix. Now let's address our outlook for the second quarter of 2012 and I'll update for fiscal 2012. We are increasing our fiscal 2012 outlook for bookings, revenues and earnings per share due to strong Q1 results and expectation of continued strong demand in Q2. For Q2 2012, we expect revenue to be in the range of $315 to $325 million. Q2 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 21% to 22%. Non-GAAP total cost in expansion should be up slightly compared to Q1 due to increased hardware sales. GAAP EPS for the second quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.13 to $0.14 and non-GAAP EPS for Q2 is expected to be in the range of $0.17 to $0.18. Now, for our update of our fiscal 2012 outlook. Bookings are expected to be in a range of $1.259 billion to $1.335 billion compared to the prior range of $1.265 billion to $1.315 billion. We expect weighted average contract life in the range of 2.4 to 2.6 years for the year and to book at least 90% of our business for the year under ratable arrangements. We now expect revenue to be in the range of $1.27 billion to $1.3 billion for 2012 compared to the prior range of $1.24 billion to $1.28 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin is now expected to be in a range of 21% to 22% for the annual basis for 2012 compared to the prior range of 19% to 21%. Non-GAAP and the other income and expense for 2012 is expected to be in the range of negative $14 million to negative $10 million. For 2012, we are assuming a non-GAAP tax rate of 26% and weighted average shares outstanding from 279 million to 285 million shares. GAAP EPS for 2012 is expected to be in the range of $0.45 to $0.49 compared to the prior range of $0.39 to $0.49. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected to be in the range of $0.66 to $0.70 compared to the prior range of $0.60 to $0.70. For 2012, we are expecting operating cash flow in the range of $275 million to $305 million compared to prior range of $255 million to $295 million. DSOs for 2012 are projected to be in the range of 25 to 35 days. Capital expenditures for 2012 are expected to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million. So to conclude, Cadence again posted strong operating results. We are making good progress towards achieving our goal of mid-20s non-GAAP operating margin in 2013. While we do have concerns about the risk of the world economy, at this point as we look at Q2, design activity and demand for our products and services is still strong. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria.
Richard Grace - RBC Capital Markets: This is Richard Grace here for Mahesh. You're talking about positive impacts from double and multiple patterning as you see strength to smaller geometries. Can you give a little more color on that, how much revenue growth that might drive in the future and any other benefits you're seeing as the geometries move to 22-nanometer and you see marked increase in double patterning, at times multiple patterning?
Lip-Bu Tan: Richard and Mahesh, out of question I think on the 20 nanometer FinFET. So I think this is fair that we are making significant investment, heavily engaging in our EDA tool and IP. This is a very important area. We have several collaborations with deep foundry IP customer engagement. And clearly, when you move up the geometry, the FinFET has become very important, 3D-IC has become very important. So not just for the 20-nanometer, also for the 40-nanometer. And in fact, we're engaging and preparing for the 40-nanometer process tool. Along this progress, we have about 2,000 complete and ongoing 20-nanometer, 22-nanometer projects. And as you know, we have over 100 32-nanometer and 28-nanometer designs. So this is a very important area. In terms of the revenue growth, I can't comment on that, but this is a very early phase of the development and we're getting ourselves ready on the tool and IP. So when the customer is ready, it will be seamlessly from the tool to the foundry. And that's kind of we have preparations.
Richard Grace - RBC Capital Markets: What are your thoughts on when EUV starts ramping?
Lip-Bu Tan: I think that we continue to look at it and it's an important development in operating. It's ready for deployment. I think it's year's away. But we keep our breakthroughs high and we're collaborating with our leaders. I think it's very much a manufacturing challenge and issues. And clearly, we work with our foundry. We're keeping a close eye on that.
Richard Grace - RBC Capital Markets: What solutions do you see in the market beyond 22-nanometer if EUV is not available?
Lip-Bu Tan: Again, it's a manufacturing issue. I think some of our equipment company and also the foundry. It's difficult for me to address that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gus Richard.
Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray: You mentioned you had large bookings in the quarter. Just hoping to get a little bit more color on that. What that a digital design or it was something else?
Geoff Ribar: We're not disclosing, but it affected a lot of different segments of our business.
Gus Richard - Piper Jaffray: And then on the verification side, it sounds like it's a lumpy business like you had a little bit less of that in Q1 and you can have a little bit more of it in Q2. And I was just wondering if you could give some thoughts on what that growth rate of that business will be over the next two or three years?
Geoff Ribar: I think you're referring to our Palladium XP business, our hardware business, and that business was a huge grower for us last year. We also believe it's a secular trend that more and more customers are going to be dependent on that, not just traditional chip companies, but system companies also. In that business, we continue to be thoughtful and when we guide our future quarters, it's been a strong business for us, but there is competition in the marketplace. We look forward to that competition and we look forward to the strength of our business. So we anticipate that business to be relatively flat this year after such a strong growth last year.
Lip-Bu Tan: If I can add a little bit, Gus, clearly all the major complex SoC system or anything below 30-nanometer did become very critical. (inaudible) in your design and verification is a huge time-to-market advantage. So we continue to see tremendous growth in that area. And we have a very strong offering and we continue to drive for excellence on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Diffely.
Tom Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: A couple of questions first, Lip-Bu, on the markets. We've seen a lot of growth in the Asian markets. Less than 20% of your business in Asia, do you see that as a big growth opportunity and maybe you can quantify how big that opportunity is for you going forward?
Lip-Bu Tan: I think clearly the Asia potential is quite significant and are of 300 billion-plus industry, and China alone comes to almost 100 billion-plus. And so clearly it's a very fast growing. And also if you look at some of the fabless semiconductor company grow I think it's coming up really strong. If you look at Spectrum, you look at HiSilicon, there is a long list of company and are hugely engage. I think clearly this is our strength and I think we're going to see more growth in that area. And so you're correct that's a lot of opportunity and clearly we want to make sure that we capitalize on that.
Geoff Ribar: I think, Tom, to add to it, we did comment on our Palladium XP business being particularly strong in China during this past quarter.
Tom Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: And over the last couple of years it looks like you're going for maybe 15% or close to 20% of your business in Asia in particular. Does that get to 30% over time or is it quite that large?
Lip-Bu Tan: I don't think we can quantify that, but that clearly is a growing pattern. I think you saw announcement, we just opened up our Shanghai R&D center. This is a very major commitment for us and we are very well positioned to capitalize on that Asia-Pacific growth area.
Geoff Ribar: And I also think I would add that is we grew from 15% to 20% approximately in Asia, that when the revenue was growing very, very fast for the company as a whole too.
Tom Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: And then also this is like every quarter we're hearing more about some of these large system houses like Apple, and Samsung, and HTC, trying to develop their own chips or wanting to develop their own chips. What do you think this does as if someone who quantify how big this expands the market having more players, more chips?
Lip-Bu Tan: And that's why I think in 2010 we launched our EDA 360 and this is really the heart of the whole. EDA 360 is application-drive design and clearly from the different company you mentioned Apple, you mentioned some of the big run, and Oracle, and Google, a long list, they all want to be differentiating much from their application area. They also really want to differentiate from their hardware side. So we are seeing tremendous growth in that area and we are well positioned to capitalize on it.
Tom Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: And, Geoff, the last few years your revenues in a certain year have been about 20% larger than the booking in the previous year. Are there some reasons why that math keeps working or is it just a coincidence?
Geoff Ribar: Actually, Tom, we don't look at it that way. With the ratable model really what matters is how much is in backlog and how much is coming out of backlog. And then it's a little bit different as it goes to hardware, which had some amount of revenue that's upfront. So we don't look at it that way. I'm glad the math works for you though.
Tom Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: All right, then finally, when you look at your margin expansion, it sounds like you're planning still to get into the mid-20s for next year, for the out year?
Geoff Ribar: Yes. It's still mid-20s for 2013 in total.
Operator: Your next question comes from Krish Sankar with BofA Merrill Lynch.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch: This is Thomas Yeh for Krish Sankar. Can you elaborate a little bit more on how much the beat was caused by earlier than expected customer renewals? How should we think about bookings for the full year? And how does the quarterly renewal calendar look through 2012 compared to the previous year?
Geoff Ribar: We raised our bookings guidance by $20 million at our midpoint. I think our performance vis-à-vis our guidance is always a subject to a bunch of things. I do think we had extremely strong bookings in Q1. And the timing of bookings continues to be very good, more linear than I think historically been the case in the EDA. The hardware business is, as Lip-Bu mentioned came in strong also. So I think all of those things contributed. We also raised the revenue guidance at midpoint by about $25 million. So I think we're seeing both strong bookings and strong revenue.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch: And given some of the yield problems that are still occurring at the foundries, can you provide us with some color on how yield issues impact EDA spending? How have your conversations with customers change compared to the last quarter in terms of the R&D spending budgets?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Tom, let me answer that. First of all, I think that some of the supply challenges in 28-nanometer and others clearly are more manufacturing related, are not related to design. And we don't see slowdown and design activities remain very strong, especially in the 28-nanometer and 20-nanometer we are heavily engaged. And I think so far we are very well-positioned. And I think this has kind of no impact to our design activity.
Thomas Yeh - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then, finally, longer term, what are your views on an average EDA industry growth area, assuming for example that you reach a more normalized year in 2013?
Lip-Bu Tan: First of all, I think we remember it and I'm excited about this industry. Clearly the semiconductor industry outlook is very bright. And now, if you look at all beautiful, and exciting, and new gadget, and electronic devices, and semiconductors is really the heart of it. And so EDA is very critical essential part of the design. And so all-in-all I think we're going to see continue good growth. Especially I mentioned earlier the application-driven design given that they are significantly even more. And so overall I think in other industries is going to be healthy. And I think overall we look at the semiconductor industry growing in a mid-single digit. But overall in our design activity, we have been very strong. We're excited about this industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Raj Seth with Cowen.
Simran Brar - Cowen: This is Simran Brar in for Raj Seth. I had a few quick questions. The first one is for Lip-Bu. Lip-Bu, you've talked before on how you expect the Synopsys plus Magma combination to be good for you as well as the industry. Have you seen any customer activity that validates that view for you or is it too early to tell right now?
Lip-Bu Tan: Simran, first of all let me answer the question and Geoff will fill in to add on to it. So overall we see that merger that have opened tremendous stock for us. We are heavily engaging and capitalize on it. And clearly a lot of customer are looking for automated designed flow. And also, I think I mentioned in my script the mixed signal flow, the mixed signal design verification become more and more important. We see a trend of customer that have decided to integrate and analog in digital. And that really bring to our strength and a lot of customer looking for at least a second source of the design flow. And that is very exciting for us.
Simran Brar - Cowen: I had a couple of quick ones for, Geoff. Geoff, can you talk about how your emulation business did this quarter versus your internal expectations? And then secondly, you've talked about how expense growth for this year would be slightly higher, if you restore some of the pre-reduction you took during the downturn. Is there any change on how you're thinking about OpEx linearly in the second half? Any color that you could give us that would be great?
Geoff Ribar: I think we said during our prepared remarks, Simran, that emulation business was stronger than our expectations in Q1. It's the one area that we look at going forward. And we've again had great growth last year. We expect to go to be relatively flat to maybe slightly down as we said in our last call. But again that business has continued to consistently surprise us on upside. As far as the growth and expenses, you're exactly correct. We are essentially fully restoring benefits to the employees that we cut during the downturn. We've traditionally dropped more than 50% of our revenue growth to bottomline. This year we had originally forecasted slightly less than that with the growth in revenue a little bit. We're actually closer back to the 50% right now. So we're pretty much in line with that and I think you can probably do the math and come up with the answers for your model.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Geoff, a financial question for you first following up in your comments regarding cash flow and accounts receivable especially, is there beneath, what's going on there in terms of DSOs, a change in the customer concentration at all. You've typically had a fairly narrow range of top 10, 20 customers as a percent of your AR, is that concentration do you think going to change it all either in terms of AR or for that matter even in bookings.
Geoff Ribar: No. I think we actually have a pretty good balance as far as AR and bookings and revenue as far as the customer concentration. Our top 10 is less than 40% overall, the sense of all those numbers. We don't have any top 10 or 10% customer's in any of those categories. So I think we're pretty happy with the distribution of our product and our revenue and our AR and our bookings.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: And Lip-Bu, follow-up on an earlier question regarding Asia, one of the drivers to the growth of Asia-Pac as a consumer of EDA over the last number of years has been their consumption of IP. I think the second largest market after North America for IP. And I'm wondering if you could comment on your positioning with IP for that market and as well if you foresee having to make any significantly new investments in services and all of the support your IP strategy in that part of the world or globally?
Lip-Bu Tan: Good question. I think clearly, Jay, as you already point out in you know the Asia growth is significant. And we are well positioned to capitalize on that. On the IP stand, yes, there is some significant market for the China and Asia on the IP side. Clearly, in my remarks that IP is very important priority for us, we are delighted to have Martin Lund to join us and so he is spirited our whole SoC that include IP and service. And so that area we're going to tapped out double down and we are very focused on that area and that clearly high high-end waver with the EDA360. And then clearly, we have a very strong footprint in the memory Denali acquisition exceeding our expectations, we're delighted on that. We mentioned about 40/100 Ethernet and clearly is a good market in Asia for the computer products. So we are evident by accelerating our strategy on the IP and we are engaging quite heavily with our customers.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: With respect to the Magma acquisition, are you seeing or have you been making any hires of former Magma employees either in term of R&D or product management or sales or any other areas?
Lip-Bu Tan: I think and we continue to recruit and hire the best talent, clearly, not just targeting the Synopsys' Magma merger. We are looking all the best talent we can get in the industry. And so we're excited about that.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: And lastly, in a bit of news of the day it appears that Mentor has announced the new Emulation Platform to day, the Veloce2. And I'm wondering if you've taken new and improved competition in Emulation into account or if you could talk about a product refresh that you're planning for and the Palladium area?
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think first of all that clearly we know and have and have seen that products and creating as a surprise to us and we'll keep a very close eye on it. And then meanwhile we welcome competitions and we remain confident about our Palladium product and features and performance. And but seeing that we are not taking our competitors lightly, we are take it very seriously and we seen them in couple of accounts. And that's how we know that product performance and we welcome the competition. And we continue to rely and confident our product offering.
Operator: And we will now turn it over to Mr. Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO of Cadence for his closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing, Cadence is off to a good start in 2012. The stronger momentum of our technology which is leading to the expansion of the existing relationships as well as new engagements give me confidence that the rest of 2012 will be good for Cadence. Thank you to everyone for joining us this afternoon and I look forward to talking with you soon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Cadence first quarter and fiscal year 2012 earnings conference. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-01 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Rachel, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead. 
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Rachel, and welcome to our earnings conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, www.cadence.com, and will be archived for 2 weeks.
 With us today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO of Cadence; and Geoff Ribar, Senior Vice President and CFO.
 Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements, and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include Cadence's most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, including the company's future filings and the cautionary statements regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today.
 In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, they can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct, comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the Quarterly Earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website.
 A copy of today's press release dated February 1, 2012, for the quarter ended December 31, 2011, and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website.
 Now I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report that Cadence finished a successful 2011 with a very strong Q4. For Q4, revenue totaled $308 million, non-GAAP operating margin was 21%, and we generated $62 million of operating cash flow. For the year 2011, revenue grew 23% to $1.15 billion, non-GAAP operating margin doubled to 18%, and operating cash flow totaled $240 million. 
 For 2012 we are forecasting revenue growth of approximately 8% to 11%. Geoff will present our full outlook in a few minutes. 
 Now I will recap our successes in 2011 and then provide some of our Q4 highlights. In 2011, Cadence demonstrated the readiness of our digital, custom, analog and signoff solutions for 22 -- 20-nanometer design. We completed 7 20-nanometer test chips with companies including ARM, Samsung, TSMC and other foundries and customers. Many more are in progress for 2012. 
 We established our product capabilities for designing SoC using advanced multi-core processors, including the first ARM Cortex-A15 test chip designed for the 20-nanometer TSMC silicon.
 2011 was a stellar year for the Palladium XP Verification Computing Platform. An increasing numbers of customers, both semiconductor and system companies, now use Palladium to develop complex SoC and for hardware-software co-design. 
 Growing adoptions of our Encounter digital solution was highlighted in 2011 by key displacements at 2 major semiconductor companies and significant business wins at many other customers.
 In 2011, our Virtuoso 6.1 strengthened its position as a platform of choice for doing custom and analog design. Virtuoso, based on the industry-standard open-access database, is enabling a paradigm shift from traditional connectivity-driven to a more automated constraint-driven methodology that is delivering a 2x productivity improvement.
 To address the challenge of integrating hardware and software for complex systems, in 2011, we launched the System Development Suite. The suite includes 2 new products, the Virtual System Platform and Rapid Prototyping Platform, both of which are already in productions use at several customers. In 2011, we made 2 important acquisitions, Altos and Azuro. The Azuro technology is now offered with Encounter digital IC design platform and has been a critical factor in winning several design benchmarks. The products we acquired with Altos are recognized as the leading solutions for IP library, collectivization, helping customers produce higher-quality designs at advanced technology notes.
 Now let us look at a few of the highlights for Q4. Business was strong across our Silicon Realization product line. In particular, I want to highlight our verification, mixed-signal and system -- silicon package for businesses. Today, every company doing advanced complex SoC, especially communication devices and embedded processor designs need more verification capability. Our Incisive Verification Platform is winning business and gaining share in advanced verification because of technology and methodology advantages. Incisive matrix-driven approach, multi-language support, mixed-signal and low-power features and tight connections with the Palladium XP and verification IP increase performance and productivity. Our verification business in Q4 was highlighted by a competitive displacement at one major semiconductor company and significant growth of our installed base with another.
 Now turning to mixed-signal. In Q4, yet another company using Virtuoso for analog design adopted the Encounter digital IC design platform for their low-power and mixed-signal flow. This demonstrates the advantage of our end-to-end flow for low-power and mixed-signal design, which addresses the increasing complexity of digital content and mixed-signal design, as well the need for greater energy efficiency.
 Our silicon package for business serves a wide spectrum of customers, large to small, in a variety of vertical market segments, including narrow [ph], networking infrastructures, medical, automotive and consumer electronics. The solution in our Allegro platform are compelling to customers because our tools enable increased design team productivity, have the technical capabilities to design the most complex ports and have links to leading mechanical CAD products. Our silicon package board business in Q4 included sales to several of the largest networking companies in the world.
 Next, let us look at the SoC Realization. Our primary focus for IT continues to be on memory, storage and high-speed interfaces. The keys to our success are: We offer highly differentiated products; our focus on supporting the leading industry protocols and standards; and providing the highest performance products. Cadence has the leading DDR IP products, and we saw further adoption of this product in Q4. 
 We also announced the availability of the first combined controller and PHY IP solution that supports the open non-Flash interface 3.0 specification. 
 Q4 was a very strong quarter for Verification IP. In addition to facilitating SoC verification, Verification IP is increasingly used to verify and divide system connections between multiple chips and peripherals such as memory, camera and display. New protocols and increased time-to-market pressure for delivering end products are fueling the demand for our Verification IP by system and semiconductor companies. 
 Following the integration of Denali and Cadence VIP offerings, including providing support across all simulators, our VIP business grew over 40% in 2011. In System Realization, the Cadence Virtual System platform, part of the System Development Suite, is gaining traction for earlier software development. 
 We are collaborating with Xilinx to develop the first virtual platform for the Xilinx Zynq-7000 Extensible Processing Platform. The Zynq-7000 family of products combines an ARM dual-core Cortex-A9 with Xilinx 28-nanometer FPGA. A virtual platform for developing Zynq software application is built on the Cadence Virtual System Platform.
 Let me conclude my remarks by pointing to what to expect in 2012 from Cadence. First, continued growth in our digital business as we build on our capabilities and success at 20-nanometer and with multi-core embedded processes. 20-nanometer will be -- also drive growth in our custom, analog and signoff platforms. Second, the strength of our integrated mixed-signal solution will attract more customers to choose Cadence flows. Third, increase the use of Cadence IP for memory, storage and high-speed interfaces and continue expansion of VIP business. And finally, further adoptions of our System Realization solution, building on the continued demand for Palladium XP. 
 With that, I will turn it over to Geoff who will review the financial results and provide our outlook. 
Geoff Ribar: Thanks, Lip-Bu, and good afternoon, everyone. If you saw in our press release and heard in Lip-Bu's remarks, Cadence finished 2011 with a very strong Q4. I'll review the Q4 and 2011 results in more detail, then present our outlook for Q1 in 2012.
 Bookings for 2011 totaled $1.158 billion compared to $956 million for 2010, up 21%. The high quality of these bookings is obvious when you consider the weighted average contract life for 2011 was about 2.5 years, down from 2.9 years for 2010. So adjusting for the average contract life, annualized bookings were up over 30%. The book-to-bill was greater than 1, resulting in a year-end backlog of $1.7 billion. Our total backlog did not significantly increase from 2010, the quality of the backlog improved to shorter contract lives. 
 Total revenue for the fourth quarter was $308 million compared to $249 million for Q4 of 2010. Revenue exceeded our guidance range due to strong demand across our product lines. Revenue for the year was $1.15 billion compared to $936 million for 2010, an increase of 23%. For Q4, product revenue was $177 million, maintenance revenue was $101 million and services revenue was $30 million. The revenue mix for the geographies in Q4 was 44% for the Americas, 20% for EMEA, 19% for Asia and 17% for Japan.
 Total cost and expenses on a non-GAAP basis for Q4 were $244 million compared to $240 million for Q3 of 2011. Higher variable compensation contributed to the sequential increase. Quarter-end headcount was approximately 4,700, unchanged from Q3. 
 Non-GAAP operating margin for Q4 was 21% compared to 11% for Q4 2010. For the year 2011, non-GAAP operating margin was 18% compared to 9% for 2010.
 For Q4, we recorded GAAP net income per share of $0.04 compared to net loss of $0.14 per share for Q4 2010. For 2011, GAAP net income per share was $0.27 compared to $0.48 for 2010. But remember that GAAP net income per share for 2010 included $0.56 for an income tax benefit related to the IR settlement for the tax years 2000 to 2002, and $0.25 in acquisition-related tax benefit.
 For Q4, non-GAAP net income per share was $0.17 compared to $0.07 for the same period last year. For 2011, non-GAAP net income per share was $0.51 compared to $0.20 for 2010. 
 Operating cash flow for Q4 was $62 million. For 2011, operating cash flow was $240 million compared to $199 million for 2010, an increase of 21%. DSO for Q4 was 43 days, down from 50 days from Q3 and down from 78 days at the end of 2010. Our DSO target is approximately 45 days. Capital expenditure for the fourth quarter was $14 million and $31 million for the year. 
 Cash and cash equivalents were $602 million at year end, an increase of $44 million over 2010. In December, we used $150 million to retire the 2011 convertible notes and spent $44 million in acquisitions over the course of the year. Approximately 50% of our cash was in the U.S. 
 For Q4 and the year, over 90% of our orders booked were ratable including product, maintenance and services. Weighted average contract life for Q4 was approximately 2.3 years. For the year, weighted average contract life was about 2.5 years. On a weighted average basis, run rates in Q4 contract renewals increased.
 Now let's address our outlook for the first quarter of 2012 and for fiscal 2012. For Q1 fiscal 2012, we expect revenue to be in the range of $305 million to $315 million. We expect over 90% of our first quarter backlog, our first quarter revenue to come from beginning backlog. Non-GAAP operating and Q1 non-GAAP operating margins is expected to be in the range of 19% to 21%. Total non-GAAP cost and expenses should be up sequentially from Q4 primarily due to seasonal factors such as payroll taxes and the restoration of compensation and benefits that were reduced during the downturn. GAAP EPS for the first quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.08 to $0.10. Non-GAAP EPS for Q1 is expected in the range of $0.14 to $0.16.
 Now for fiscal 2012 outlook. Bookings are projected to be in the range of $1.265 billion to $1.315 billion. We expect weighted average contract life in the range of 2.4 to 2.6 years for the year. Weighted average contract life for the first quarter will be higher at approximately 3 years due to a large multiyear contract already booked this quarter. We expect to book at least 90% of our orders for the year under ratable arrangements. 
 For 2012, we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.24 billion to $1.28 billion, with approximately 80% of the 2012 revenue expected to come from beginning backlog. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 19% to 21% on an annual basis for 2012.
 I want to take a moment to comment on the progression of our operating margin in 2012. During the downturn, we took a number of temporary actions to reduce expenses including company-wide shutdowns and reduced compensation. We've completed the phasing out of these temporary actions during 2012, leading to a higher rate of organic expense growth for 2012 that we'd expect to see in the future. After the transition, I would expect to see at least 50% of our incremental revenue to drop through the operating income, although this will vary from quarter-to-quarter. 
 Non-GAAP other income and expense for 2012 is expected to be in the range of negative $12 million to negative $6 million. We're assuming a non-GAAP tax rate of 26% and weighted average shares outstanding of 274 million to 280 million shares for the year. GAAP EPS for 2012 is expected to be in the range of $0.39 to $0.49. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.60 to $0.70. And we expect operating cash flow in the range of $255 million to $295 million. DSOs are expected to be approximately 45 days at year end. And capital expenditures for 2012 are expected to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million.
 I wanted to conclude today with a couple of comments on what we expect to see beyond 2012. First, the others in the industry have projected long-term growth rates for core EDA in the low to mid-single-digits. We believe we will be able to grow our core business at a faster rate. Second, we are targeting 2013 to achieve our goal of non-GAAP operating margin of the mid-20s for that year. 
 Operator, we'll now take questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Raj Seth with Cowen and Company. 
Raj Seth: Geoff, can you talk a little bit more perhaps about how to think of the model as it rolls through 2012, which I think you detailed into 2013. I guess one of the questions is should we expect to see bookings growth in 2013? Do bookings come down? Do we have any echo from the trough that you saw some years before? And is there -- you talked about sort of your ambition for operating margins and reaching those in 2013. How should we think about sort of normalized business levels, either revenue or sort of cash flow as I assume we normalized in 2013. Anything you can discuss there would be helpful. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, so obviously, Raj, we're very excited to actually tell you that the mid-20s are happening in 2013, I think. We're very proud of the progress we made in 2011 that we'll continue to make in 2012. I think that's kind of where we want to stick though, Raj, on we're actually guiding to beyond 2012. I think it's important to recognize that we expect to grow faster than some of our -- some of the others in the industry have talked about in our core business, and that we're going to get to 2013, get to the mid-20s in 2013. 
Raj Seth: Okay, I guess that's fair. Lip-Bu, can you talk a little bit -- you talked about leadership at 20, progress in digital and involvement in multi-core designs. I'm wondering if on the digital side, especially as it relates to multi-core, if you can expand a little bit on that and perhaps comment on the consolidation that we've just seen in the industry and your view of potential sort of industry implications of that? 
Lip-Bu Tan: So first of all, Cadence decided to commit to the leadership on the 20-nanometer. And clearly, we have our success in the digital Encounter side because of our leadership. And we mentioned about a couple big displacements that we'll win and we won. And then secondly, I think, clearly, the multi-core, that is a commitment. We want to be the leaders in that. And our announcement with ARM, that is very significant and opened up tremendous opportunity for us. As you know, ARM is very strong in the smartphone, tablet and even in cloud. And then the other part, clearly, I mentioned also in my script, on the mixed-signal side, because of our Virtuoso success and couple of big displacement coming up and that we won and on this mixed-signal and the digital content become more and more critical, that able to provide an end-to-end flow on the design and also drive a lot of efficiency in the power. 
Raj Seth: And so could you talk a little bit about industry consolidation? I mean, there's consolidation sort of happening on both sides. Synopsys obviously buys Magma who was, I think, perceived as one of the leaders in digital, and is certainly behind some of the multi-core designs we see in the app processors of the market today. What's the implication of that deal? It's clear from the filings that you guys didn't have a lot of interest there. But what do you think the implication is on the industry? And just the flip side of that is the semiconductor industry itself is consolidating, how do you think of that as impacting the overall market opportunity for the industry? Atheros, Qualcomm and all the kind of deals we're starting to see, which I expect will continue. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think it's a very profound question. And clearly, I'll try to answer some of your questions. And so first of all, I think the industry consolidation, you mentioned about TI, National, Qualcomm, Atheros, that will be the trend that will continue. And so I think, clearly, winning in the -- I call it the winning platform become critical for the EDA player. That's why we have a laser focus to winning some of this big displacements, the platform we want to win. And so we're going to continue to win that. And in terms of our own industry consolidation, Raj, you know me, I'm a basketball player, I always like to see the game come to me rather than forcing it. We like our strategy. We like our growth map. We stick to our focus in terms of driving our product portfolio, take the leadership in that. And then meanwhile we actively pursue acquisition to add technology that we can really provide the best solution for our customer. Clearly, our EDA360, Silicon Realization, the end-to-end flow and the mixed-signal and the SoC and our IP, and then clearly in our system side, I think will be tremendous. Just related to, I think you mentioned about the Synopsys and Magma merger. First of all, clearly, it didn't change any of our technology momentum. And no change to our market positions. And clearly, we are committed to our roadmap. And then in fact, it created a lot of opportunity for us because our end of life and overlapping digital flow between the 2 company. And then by the way, Magma is only the less than 10% of Synopsys. So clearly, they provide a lot of opportunity for us. While heavily engaging with the customer, they are looking for this solution that we provide, excited about what we have. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham. 
Richard Valera: Wondering -- you're talking about the digital and your progress there, and I think you've announced the notable kind of first last quarter where you had the first test chip, the 20-nanometers with TSMC and ARM for the new Cortex core. Can you give out what any follow-through you may have received from that or any broader implications of being kind of first to market with a 20-nanometer flow with TSMC and ARM? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So let me answer that, Rich. Clearly we have a lot of success in the digital side in the prepared script. And clearly, the leadership in the 20-nanometer and with the foundry partners, I think, clearly, is a very strong position for us. And then we also mentioned about and announced the ARM A15 co-development, and we have a lot of success engaging with the ARM's customers that are using ARM license. And we won a few, and we also have quite a heavy engagement with the others in the 2012. We are excited about the opportunity in front of us. Clearly, we want to take the leadership there. 
Richard Valera: Great. And then on emulation, you guys obviously had a very strong year in emulation in 2011 as did really the whole industry. Just wondering how you're thinking about that business heading into 2012. There will be some tough comparisons, I guess, but it sounds like -- but it seems that you have some sort of secular growth there as you move to sort of sub 40-nanometer geometries. Just wondering how you're thinking about emulation for 2012. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. Rich, I will start first and then Geoff can chip in. And so first of all, I think this -- hardware emulation, as I mentioned, you become a very critical phase of a design because more complex chip and the whole verification, the earlier you find the box is a very good important for your time-to-market. So any complex SoC or any 40-nanometer chip design is almost like a must-have, and then we have the best-of-class. And so we're going to continue seeing significant growth in this area. And the customers that we talked to, they continue to love our products and are buying from us. And so we're going to continue doing that. And in fact, we're going to expand that into our Virtual System Platform and also the Rapid Prototyping Platform. And a couple of customers already engage and extend to that whole suite of products that we are offering, and the time-to-market is so critical for them. And so we have a very good 2011, and we're going to continue to see growth in 2012. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, Rich, this is Geoff. So I think a couple additional points. Our customer base has expanded here from our traditional chip companies, but also to system companies. We're seeing that in the Palladium XP, but also in the other businesses that were becoming more important to the group of system companies. We did have extremely strong growth in Palladium XP in 2011. We do think it's a secular trend that there's going to be continued use. We do expect that growth rate, though not to be the same in the Palladium XP from '11 to '12 as it was from '10 to '11. 
Richard Valera: Great, that's helpful. And then just following up on the mid-20s up margin in 2013. Geoff, in the past you've talked about kind of achieving that at some point, somewhat independent of revenue level, i.e., you would cut expenses if you needed to, to get there. Just wondering if you can give us any other color in terms of how you intend to sort of glide into that mid-20s up margin. Sounds like you're expecting revenue growth somewhere north of, I guess, the mid- to low single digits. But can you give us any more calibration there on how you look to get to that? 
Geoff Ribar: Sure. We kind of guided this year's growth at approximately 10%, 2012 from 2011. Obviously, we're not expecting to cut expenses to get there. We are expecting growth to continue. So we expect to see growth continue. As I think we said, we expect to grow faster than some of our competitors have committed to. And we think that will get us there. We obviously have to continue to execute to get there. It's not a slam dunk, but I think you've seen our execution be materially good in the past year and we need to continue that and continue to improve on that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. 
Sterling Auty: Couple of questions. First on the term length of the 2.3 years in the fourth quarter, definitely very low end, even for what you've seen in the last couple of years. Can you give maybe a little bit more color as to what the discussions were going on in those contract terms? How much of it may have been some of the uncertainty in the semiconductor market during the quarter? 
Lip-Bu Tan: I think, Sterling, let me start first and then Geoff will chip in. So this is very significant for us because -- since I came on board 3 years ago, I was driving the team to really focus on the term, the quality of the terms and the way we engage with our customer. After 3 years, I think our relationship with our customers tremendously improved. And then secondly, I think the team is -- I'm very proud of my team that are very disciplined in terms of providing the right terms and then the right products, technology to the customer to enable them to successful on that. And that is something very significant. That's why you noticed that even though in our revenue and our bookings guidance per year, but if you look at the duration and the quality is tremendously improved. 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. And I think, again, we're trying on -- the sales quality has been the focus since Lip-Bu took over, right? And I think we've made a lot of success there. We don't want to trade sales quality off for deal term. I think the other thing is the shorter term provides some benefits to us. To get back to Raj's earlier question, it means much less likely that we're going to be concerned about any hold in bookings or revenue going forward because the shorter deal term means those deals are coming up for renewal more often. It gives us more chance to sell, more chances to be successful. And also, it doesn't leave for a giant hole out there. So I think that's very important also. 
Sterling Auty: Absolutely. And we're bouncing around between calls, so I apologize if you said this, mentioned, this already. But when you look at the outlook for the first quarter, it seems extremely strong. I'm trying to put into context, maybe with the new Palladium release, is there some Palladium orders that maybe you got in the fourth quarter, shipped in the first, like we did last year. Or how should we think about the context of the first quarter outlook? 
Geoff Ribar: So we're -- our business, I think, has changed with the ratable business model over time. I think you're not going to see the traditional quarterly pattern that you've seen. You'll see more sequential growth as you go forward. And I think that's how you should look at our business going forward. 
Lip-Bu Tan: And also, I think, Sterling, across the board, our auto product line has been very strong in Q4, and then you will carry all forward. 
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then last question. Lip-Bu, kind of back to what I touched on in the first one -- first question, which is if we look at throughout 2011, there was an awful lot of semiconductor uncertainty whether we are still inventory correction or what is happening in the demand environment. It felt like things got better here in the fourth quarter but it was still mixed. Do you feel comfortable enough with the conversations you're hearing from customers that they've got enough insight into their business that they feel good about R&D budgets where they won't have to make any cuts or put their spending at risk as we move into 2012? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think, Sterling, it's a good question. And that we watch that very carefully, and we are heavily engaging with our customer. And so clearly, some customers, the top-leading customer, they are increasing their R&D and they are hiring people. Of course there's a few that are laying off people or cut back their R&D. But so far, from my visibility, the R&D engagement in the design have been increasing and are very steady. We are very optimistic and cautiously optimistic in the use of our tool. We like our product portfolio, our leading position. And we don't see any slowdown in term of the design engagement with us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Lip-Bu and Geoff, I'd like to ask first about your customer base or customer concentration. That is, if you look at the top 10 or so customers in 2011, was it appreciable difference in terms of the names in that list or the concentration of revenues from that list in 2011 versus, let's say, 2009 or 2010? And looking forward, would you expect there to be any appreciable changes in your customer concentration or top list of names for 2012, 2013? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, I think you note, Jay, a good question. Clearly, we have a very broad and diversified customer base. We don't have any single customer more than 10% of our revenue. And we are very engaging with our top 10 customers. Is there much changes? Not much. I think it's a winning company that we are engaged more and increasing. And we like that, and we're going to continue that. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. And following up on some of the earlier questions about emulation or the hardware-based business. Doing some rough math, it looks like the hardware business accounted for something like 40% of the total increase in your product revenue in 2011 versus 2010. As you pointed out, it was a strong business. In dollar terms, how do you think 2012 might look versus 2011 in terms of the possible increase in emulation? Or put it another way, are there any other product lines that could account for considerably large increases in product revenue in 2012 versus 2011 besides the emulation business? 
Geoff Ribar: So Jay, this is Geoff. So emulation business was a very strong business for us last year as you [indiscernible]. We don't comment on the exact numbers, but it was a very strong business for us. I think we grew at well over 20% in revenue from year-over-year. And again, a small portion of that was emulation, but a portion of that was also core business. That core business growth we anticipate going forward. We expect the emulation growth to slow down. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Maybe 1 or 2 last ones. I'd like to tie in your comments about IP and your strength there to geography. That is to say you had good growth in the second half of the year and for the year as a whole in Japan and Asia Pac. And what makes Asia Pac interesting is that it's quite a large market for IP, the second-largest market overall. For further consumption of IP, it's bigger than Japan. And China and Taiwan look like 1/4 of the spending over there, for example, is just on IP versus tools. And for the long question here is, how are you positioned for that very large market in IP? And what kind of growth rate do you expect to see in that part of the world for that part of your business? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so, Jay, let me try to answer that. First of all, clearly, our growth engine, I mentioned earlier, in our IP, SoC and also in the systems side, we continue to make good progress on that. On the IP side, if you recall, we bought the Denali that gives us tremendous leadership in the memory IP. We're going to continue doing that. And we're -- now we are moving into the storage and also in the high-speed connectivity side. So very differentiating value IP that's provided to our customer. You correctly point out there's a lot of important customer in Asia Pacific that like to have IP growth, while heavily engaging and while winning, a couple of them. And we continue to win, continue to engage many of our customer in Asia. Asia Pacific growth, as we all know, is a fast growing area. Cadence is very well-positioned in that region. And we are very active. We have the right team, driving success and engaged with our customer. And so we're going to continue to win that. 
Geoff Ribar: So I'd also like to point out, one of our strong growth areas was Verification IP. In the past year, we grew over 40% year-over-year. So we think it's a very strong business for us with very strong growth characteristics. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: All right. And then lastly, there was an earlier question referring back to the events a few years ago in terms of your business model and the transition. Just to follow up to that, is there remaining any lumpiness in your business, Geoff? You and I have spoken about the lumpiness, reflecting what happened a few years ago in terms of the run off of bookings and contracts. Do you think that everything is now pretty much smoothed out? And Any nonlinearities, so-called, are pretty much done? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. And then in history, we had some customers that we only recognize revenue when they paid. Japan was a part of that. It's still a little bit there. But because of the ratable nature of business right now, we don't expect to see much lumpiness. We expect to see much more sequential growth period-over-period. We're still completing the model change. That won't be totally done until Q4 of this year, so 2013 will be the first year. We're essentially 100% converted. But again, I think you'll expect to see sequential growth out of us going forward, that's our goal and our expectation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Krish Sankar: Lip-Bu, what's your view on the semi R&D spending and EDA growth for 2012? 
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So I think, Krish, a couple of points. So clearly, the semiconductor in our industry, the earlier question in terms of some bigger companies' success continue to hiring and there are some laying off. But overall, the trend is moving upward. And even the system companies are starting to engage a lot in the semiconductor design. So we are continuing to see that low single-digit growth in the semi industry. In terms of the R&D, and as I mentioned earlier, the engagement with the R&D development, we see steady increase and still very active, especially in some of the mixed signal and then the leading edge process with the leading company. We don't see any slowdown at all. 
Geoff Ribar: And, Krishna, this is Geoff. Again, we're seeing that 10% growth in our business, right? That's obviously driven by our views of our customers. As Lip-Bu said, our customer base, in some ways, is expanding because we're having more and more systems business as some of our customers consolidate in the semi side. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Right. And I think Geoff mentioned earlier, some of our friend in the EDA, in the industry that I mentioned about, have single low digit growth. And we basically indicating that 8% to 11% growth for us, so we will be growing faster. 
Krish Sankar: Yes, that's very helpful. So just to follow up on that. The delta, like from the single -- low single-digits to your midpoint 10% growth, how much of that is actually coming from incremental checkings? How much is coming from maybe the tailwind of your revenue model transition? 
Geoff Ribar: So the tailwind of our model transition is actually probably the smallest portion that's out there. We are seeing our sales quality continue to improve. As I think we mentioned, our run rate is actually improving on old deals versus new deals. So that's good. The sales quality is improving. And we have seen market share gains. I think we've talked in Q2, where we have a couple of top 10 providers to move to digital flow. We talked about verification IP -- or verification win in this past quarter. And you're seeing that in other places, too, but those are some of the notable ones. 
Krish Sankar: And if I can just extrapolate that, due to the fact that you expect next year 2013 up margins in the mid-20s, what kind of top line function, what ranges that are you baking into that expectation? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, we're not baking any expectation to it. It's a core imperative of the company, and we're going to get there. And obviously we expect some revenue growth to get there, but we'll get there either way. 
Krish Sankar: And then the final question from my end. Can you tell us a little bit about how the renewal calendar for this year is shaping up? When do customers come back to renew and how would you contrast this versus what you saw in 2011? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, I think it's obvious from our bookings growth. I mean, just look at our bookings growth and the numbers we're talking about in our bookings growth. They're growing faster than revenue is. Our contract life continues to be extremely good. So I think you can see we expect a pretty good calendar and pretty good booking year. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. 
Mahesh Sanganeria: Geoff, just wanted to follow-up on the last comment you made on the increase in run rate. Can you just provide more color what is driving -- how are you able to get the run rate increase? Is that the -- that newer technology you're able to get a better pricing or broader product portfolio? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So clearly, technologies, they're probably the most important part to it, right? We worked hard to improve our technology, to expand our technology offerings, to be an end-to-end provider. And so that provides for the same engineer, on the other side provides an opportunity to sell more tools to them. So that's part of it. The second part is our sales quality. Again, we worked really hard to improve our discounts, improve our run rates, improve our timeliness of our business. And I think that contributes also. And I think the third part is market share gains. 
Mahesh Sanganeria: Okay. And just a quick question on the expenses. Of course, it's going up a little bit more than normal this time because of the catch up. But is there a specific model we should be using in terms of OpEx year-over-year -- OpEx growth is low single-digit, is OpEx growth a good number to model going forward beyond this year? 
Geoff Ribar: So I think what I said in my prepared remarks is that we expect at least 50% of our revenue increases to drop to the bottom line. I think if you go back over the past couple of years, you'll see that we've actually exceeded that occasionally. So that will vary a little bit. But we expect that general view going forward. I think that's how you should model your OpEx. 
Mahesh Sanganeria: And one more clarification on your -- the non-GAAP operating margin for 2013, is that something you plan to achieve at the beginning of the year? Or are you planning that for the full year or your -- towards the end of the year? 
Geoff Ribar: Mid-20s in 2013. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. 
Thomas Diffely: Lip-Bu, I was hoping to talk a little bit more about the China -- Chinese market. Obviously, you guys are very strong there. So I was wondering if you could just quantify how big that market is today for the overall EDA market? And then what kind of growth are you seeing there and how big it could become in the next several years? 
Lip-Bu Tan: It's a good question, Tom. So clearly, if you look at China, they consume about 1/3 of the semiconductor. That includes some of the networks complex churning [ph] manufacturing and also some of the internal consumption, and it's growing. And it's the fastest growing area. We're very well-positioned there. And then clearly, you're going to see quite a few world-class company coming up like Spreadtrum, HiSilicon, a few others in that long list of name. They are coming up really strong, very well-positioned. And Cadence are heavily engaging with that. That would be one of the very fast growing areas. We pay a lot of attention on that. And I think the -- some of these companies become a wold-class company, and there's starting to really pay attention to the IP, the legitimate EDA tool. And that really play into our strength, and we are very well-positioned to capture that. 
Thomas Diffely: So do you think that your exposure there could give you a couple of percentage points of leverage above the rest of your business on an annual basis for a while? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, Tom, we'd love to comment, but we can't. I'm sorry. 
Thomas Diffely: So Geoff, maybe just a couple of more questions on the income statement. The R&D level seems to jump around a bit, and I'm wondering what causes -- it didn't seem to be revenue-driven usually. And so kind of what goes into that, what factors? 
Geoff Ribar: So the vast majority of our R&D spend is people, right? The most important attribute, the most important part of the company is the people. So we do have some swings based on incentive plans and those types of things, right, as we perform well. And I think that's probably we're you're seeing the swing a little bit. But I think, pretty steadily on percentage, we've managed that -- have managed quite well. 
Thomas Diffely: Okay. And also, it looks like the other income line was positive for several quarters in a row. It's gotten negative and it looks like you're projecting negative for next -- or for this year as well. What changed on that line? What factors inside of that line? 
Geoff Ribar: Foreign exchange. So we're going to be conservative guiding foreign exchange going forward. Right now, we had some benefits from foreign exchange in the past year. 
Thomas Diffely: Okay. And then the biggest exposures there? 
Geoff Ribar: Well, most of -- or almost all of our revenue is in dollars except for Japan. But we have large organizations around the world in a bunch of different geographies from Europe to India to China to Japan. And so how those play out will swing those numbers around. 
Thomas Diffely: Okay. So you're just conservatively viewing the dollar getting a little weaker at some point? 
Geoff Ribar: Yes, I wish I could predict FX. 
Operator: Thank you. I'll now turn the call back over to Lip-Bu Tan for any closing remarks. 
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you. In closing, I'm very proud of the accomplishment of the Cadence team in 2011. In addition to outstanding financial results, our accomplishments included introduction of new products for hardware and software co-design and co-verification, leadership for 22-nanometer and advanced multi-core processor design and deep collaboration with industry leaders. We have momentum on many fronts, and I'm very excited about our prospect for 2012. 
 Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Design Systems Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom – Director of IR Lip-Bu Tan – President and CEO Geoff Ribar – SVP, CFO
Analysts: Paul Thomas – Bank of America Rich Valera – Needham and Company Raj Seth – Cowen and Company Saket Kalia – JPMorgan Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Marvin and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems' Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. If you would like to ask a question during that time, simply press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, Marvin; and welcome to our earnings conference call for the third quarter of fiscal year 2011. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website www.cadence.com, and will be archived for two weeks. With us today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO of Cadence, and Senior Vice President and CEO, Geoff Ribar. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause the difference in our results, please refer to our Form 10-K for the period ended July 1, 2011, or 10-Q for the period-end of July 2, 2011, the company's future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the cautionary statements regarding forward-looking statements, and the earnings press release issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with generally-accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-financial GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with the most direct comparable GAAP financial results which can be found in the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. A copy of today's press release dated October 26, 2011 for the quarter ended October 1, 2011 and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining. The strong design activity so far in 2011 continue to drive our business in Q3. Revenue totaled $292 million, non-GAAP operating margin was 18%, and we generated $52 million of operating cash flow. Given the risk of the world economy, we looked very closely at our prospective Q4 business. As reflected in our outlook, we expect good demand in Q4 for our products and services, driven by strong design activity. Application-driven design, modality, video and cloud are key drivers of the design activity. Also, many of our customers are targeting faster, smaller, lower power devices for the mobile and consumer markets. This is very well aligned with our industry-leading position in low power and mixed signal design. In addition to strong sales across our product lines, in Q3, we also demonstrated our product readiness for 20-nanometer, and firmly established our product capabilities for designing SoCs using advanced multi-card processors. Now, let us look at our third quarter highlights. I will start with silicon realization. The move to 32-nanometer and 28-nanometer is gaining momentum. Cadence is engaged with an increasing number of customers, designing at this advanced nodes. I will highlight a recent success later in my remarks. We have already completed multiple test chips at 20-nanometer with our silicon partners, and we have many more planned for Q4 and Q1. We are also working on 14 nanometer projects with select partners. Our recent announcement with ARM last week illustrates our readiness for 20-nanometer as well as highlights our capability for the design of SoCs using advanced processors like ARM Cortex A15. Our engineers work side by side with engineers from ARM and TSMC to design first test chip in the world containing ARM Cortex A15 using a complex Cadence RTL to sign off design flow, and targeting TSMC 20-nanometer process. This shows the ecosystem leaders are choosing Cadence to partner with them on their most advanced design at the most advanced processors. To address the increasing cost of mixed signal design, we continue to leverage recent productivity advances of Virtuoso 6.1 into our unified mixed signal solution. As a proof point, we recently announced that ST-Ericsson achieved a 10x productivity gain by using Cadence mixed signal solution for our complex mixed signal IC targeted to the high-volume mobile phone market. Our customers are already benefiting from the integration of the recent acquired technologies from Altos and Azuro with our digital and custom analog flows. For example, TSMC is now making scripts for library characterization for TSMC’s foundation IP available for download from TSMC Online. For the first time, customers using Altos library characterization product will be able to recharacterize the TSMC libraries with the same technology used by TSMC. This provides customer greater visibility into the effects of noise, timing and power at every phase of design cycle, leading to higher-quality design. Now let us look at SoC realization. Our primary focus for IP continues to be on memory and storage and high-speed interfaces. We have continued momentum in memory and storage IP and growing traction in hard PHYs. The unique architecture advantages and greater flexibility of our PHYs led to several competitive wins. For example, NuFront, a fabless semiconductor company based in China, chose our DDR hard PHY for use in mobile application due to its power and area advantages. In the area of high-speed connectivity, our PCI Express Gen 3 solution leads the industry. The X8 version of the product is implemented in a new PMC-Sierra protocol controller. And during the quarter, we successfully demonstrated it with PMC-Sierra at several trade shows. Cadence is a leader in verification IP, which addresses the challenges of effective SoC and device integration, verification, and standard interface compliance. In Q3, we announced additional protocols and memory VIP that will accelerate the adoption of the emerging mobile standards. Cadence now has support for over 30 complex protocols and a portfolio of memory models covering more than 6,000 memory devices. In Q3, we closed several multimillion dollars contracts for VIP for both mainstream protocols and emerging ones. Now let us turn to system realization. Customer demand is growing for our system development suite and its components, which tackle hardware, software, co-design and co-verification. The recently-announced FPGA-based Rapid Prototyping Platform which enables and speeds up software development for complex systems is generating good traction with customers, including LSI. Q3 sales exceeded expectation for the cornerstone product in our system development suite, the Palladium XP Verification Computing Platform. We had nine new logos in Q3 for Palladium XP, of which two are competitive displacements. LSI expanded their Palladium XP capacity by 50% and added capacity for prototyping with Cadence Rapid Prototyping Platform. The latest-generation Palladium XP systems will be used to accelerate the verification of LSI storage products and Axxia multicore solutions. Palladium along with the Rapid Prototyping Platform enables software and hardware to be co-developed and co-verified prior to the availability of silicon, reducing the time needed to deliver solutions to LSI customers and greatly improving the quality of the deliver silicon. Another customer purchasing Palladium XP in Q3 was AMD. Since introduction in mid-2010, 14 customers have placed significant repeat orders. Finally, I want to highlight a success with an ecosystem partner. Samsung and Cadence this week announced the results of a successful collaboration with Ambarella on their new 32-nanometer A7L high-definition media chip. This chip will bring new levels of performance and power savings to digital lifestyle HD camera applications. This success illustrates the value of close collaboration between industry leaders in bringing advanced products to market. Now, let me conclude my remarks with the following. Q4 looks strong. So far, design activity and demand for EDA products are holding up. Cadence is committed to technology leadership for both 20-nanometer and high-performance, low power, core based design. Ecosystem leaders like ARM and TSMC are choosing to work with Cadence on their most advanced designs. Customers are already benefiting from our acquisition of Altos and Azuro. We are successfully delivering high value, differentiating design IP and verification IP to customers. Demand for Palladium XP is strong and interest is growing for the new components of the system development suite. With that, I will now turn it over to Geoff who will review financial results and provide outlook. 
Geoff Ribar: Thanks, Lip-Bu; and good afternoon, everyone. Cadence posted strong financial results for Q3, and we have good momentum going into Q4. I will review the results for the third quarter and then present our outlook for Q4 and update 2011. Total revenue for the third quarter was $292 million compared to $238 million for Q3 of 2010. Product revenue was $164 million; maintenance revenue was $99 million; and service revenue was $29 million. The revenue mix for the geographies was 44% for the Americas, 21% for EMEA, 18% for Japan, and 17% for Asia. Total cost and expenses on a non-GAAP basis for Q3 were $240 million compared to $235 million for Q2 of 2011. End cost from acquisitions and higher variable compensation contributed to the sequential increase. Quarter-end headcount was approximately 4,700, up from approximately 4,600 for Q2. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q3 was 18% compared to 9% for Q3 of 2010. For Q3, we recorded GAAP net income per share of $0.10 compared to $0.48 per share for Q3 of 2010. GAAP net income per share for Q3 of 2010 included a one-time benefit of $0.56 related to the settlement of an IRS examination. For Q3 2011, non-GAAP net income per share was $0.14 compared to $0.04 for Q3 of 2010. Operating cash flow for Q3 was $52 million. Year to date, operating cash flow is $178 million compared to $142 million for the same period in 2010. DSOs for Q3 decreased to 50 days, down one day from Q2. Our target DSOs for the year is 50 to 60 days. The quality of receivables remained high, with less than 1% of receivables more than 90 days past due. Capital expenditures for Q3 were approximately $6 million. Cash and cash equivalents were $696 million at quarter-end and approximately 40% of our cash is in the United States. For Q3, 90% of orders booked were ratable, including product maintenance and services. Weighted average contract life for Q3 was approximately 2.7 years. On a weighted average basis, run rate in Q3 contract renewals increased. I want to point out an item in our balance sheet that has changed this quarter. Last quarter, the 2015 notes were classified as a current liability because a contingent conversion feature was triggered during Q2. The contingent conversion feature was not triggered during Q3, so the notes have returned to the long-term liability section of the balance sheet. The contingent conversion feature is triggered when the price of Cadence stock trades above $9.81 for an extended period during the last month of the quarter. And this was not the case for Q3. Now let's address our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2011 and update -- and our update for fiscal 2011. We are increasing our fiscal 2011 outlook for booking, revenue and earnings per share due to strong Q3 results, the expectation of continued strong demand in Q4, and a positive impact of shorter contract lives and revenue. For Q4 2011, we expect revenue to be in the range of $295 million to $305 million. Q4 non-GAAP operating margin is expected in the range of 18% to 20%. Non-GAAP total cost and expenses should be flat to up slightly compared to Q3. GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.08 to $0.10. Non-GAAP EPS for Q4 is expected to be in the range of $0.14 to $0.16. And now, for an update of fiscal 2011 outlook. Bookings are now expected to be in the range of $1.135 billion to $1.155 billion compared to a prior range of $1.115 billion to $1.145 billion. We expect weighted average contract life in the range of 2.5 to 2.7 years for the year, and to book at least 90% of our orders for the year under ratable arrangement. We now expect revenue to be in the range of $1.135 billion to $1.145 billion for 2011, compared to the prior range of $1.115 billion to $1.135 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 16% to 18% on an annual basis for 2011 compared to the prior range of 15% to 17%. Non-GAAP other income and expenses for 2011, we expect it to be in the range of negative $16 million to negative $14 million. In 2011, we are assuming a non-GAAP tax rate of 26% and weighted shares outstanding of 269 million to 273 million shares. GAAP EPS for 2011 we expect to be in the range of $0.31 to $0.33, compared to prior range of $0.20 to $0.26. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected in the range of $0.48 to $0.50 compared to a prior range of $0.41 to $0.47. We are expecting operating cash in the range of $230 million to $250 million. We expect DSOs to be in the range of 50 to 60 days at yearend; the prior range was 55 to 65 days. My long-term goal (inaudible) the first 45 days. Capital expenditures for 2011 are expected to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million. To conclude, Cadence again posted strong results as our operating profit continued to improve. We are making consistent progress for the long-term goal of non-GAAP operating margin in the mid-20s. While we're concerned about the risk of the world economy, at this point, as we look at Q4, design activity and demand for our product and services remain strong. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star then 1 on your telephone keypad. We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Our first question comes from the line of Paul Thomas with Bank of America.
Paul Thomas – Bank of America: Thanks for taking my questions. First, Lip-Bu, you highlighted in your prepared remarks the strength that you've seen in smartphone and mobility. And I recall from the last call that you had talked about some difference in engagement maybe you'd seen between mobility-based and PC and networking-based customers. And I'm just wondering now, three months later, can you give us an update? Are you still seeing any difference between those two, or is the strength you've seen across the board?
Lip-Bu Tan: I think we see strength across the board, Paul. I think clearly the smartphone and tablets are gaining a lot of momentum, clearly because of this application-driven design service, opportunity because of application-driven solution, and service that they provide to the consumer, and we see tremendous growth. And PC, a little bit slowdown and continue to be a little bit weak. But overall, I think it's really playing to our strength, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that our partnership with ARM is very, very important. Because as you can tell, smartphone or tablets, a lot are ARM-based, and clearly I think the relationship we have, the partnership we have in terms of the technology agreement that we work together, I think that's going to be significant for the liaison [ph] for some of the customers that using ARM and call-based design that really drives a lot of our momentum.
Paul Thomas – Bank of America: Okay. Maybe one more for you, Lip-Bu, you're finishing the year very strong. I was wondering if you could share some of your thoughts on what you think EDA growth or maybe semi-R&D spending growth could be next year. And do you think it's a mid-single-digit range kind of number, or what's your sense at this point?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, it's a very good question. I think overall, we look at the whole global economy. Clearly there are some risks in Europe and US, actually impacted the semiconductor demand. Clearly the growth is more the low single-digit to zero. If you look at a lot of our customers, it's very much a mixed result. But clearly, as I mentioned, the smartphone, tablet are growing. Cloud infrastructure are growing. Meanwhile, seeing that design activity remains strong, and so from Cadence point of view, we still see the momentum of design is still very strong. So I think, answer your question, the semiconductor R&D spending growth, I will say somewhere between 5% to 8% growth.
Paul Thomas – Bank of America: All right. Thank you very much.
Geoff Ribar: And that's for 2011. 2011 we'll talk about in our next earnings call.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham.
Rich Valera – Needham and Company: Thanks. Good afternoon, gentlemen. It looks like you had another real strong quarter in the emulation business, probably a bit stronger than you expected. Can you talk about the momentum in that business as you head into Q4, your expectations for that to be down in Q4 versus I guess very strong Q2 and Q3? And how do you feel about that in the face of the macro headwinds as we head into next year?
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. Let me address first and then Geoff can chip in. So, first of all, clearly, we have the best-of-class, any complex chip below 40-nanometer has become a must-have, because, you know, really help with time to market, and also the hardware/software integration, and also identify the parts quicker that will really help in the time to market. So I think we continue to see demand, and that's why I mentioned that we have a couple of new logos, nine of them, and then also I think you're going to see more and more customers are using that and they come back for repeat orders. And so, overall, we continue to see a strength in terms of the design, I call it the application-driven design that require that, and we have the best-of-breed in terms of the products. And then Geoff can talk to you more about our expectation for the second half.
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So we don't break up the hardware business, Rich, as I think you're aware. But I think as Lip-Bu highlighted, clearly there's a secular trend here going, driving that business. We did say earlier we expected the business in the second half to be less than the first half of the year, and that will be true. But we don't guide specifically on that.
Rich Valera – Needham and Company: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. And based on your prepared remarks, I don’t think you've changed your strategy at all, but in the wake of the departure of John Bruggeman I guess shortly after your last call, just wanted to confirm that the sort of EDA360 strategy was sort of firmly in place. Just talk about that a bit.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. Happy to talk about that. I think EDA360, there's nothing magic to it. It's really the application-driven design that is really the main theme of that. And that is basically the hardware/software co-design. So in some way, if you look at the EDA360, we are very much executing towards the plan that we have silicon realization that will continue to commit to the advanced node, and then our success with ARM, and then continue building up our SoC realization beside the Denali acquisition. Right now we are moving, expand our memory and storage IP, and now move on into the high-speed connectivity. And that's something that we are embarking, very aggressively executing that. And then the third part is really the system development suite we already announced. Now, we announced a couple of new components, Rapid Prototyping Platform that we talked about, and also the time-to-integration, the hardware/software co-design, co-develop. So I think, you know, not just a question, actually we are executing beyond, very laser-focused on executing our plan.
Rich Valera – Needham and Company: Great. And just one final one, if I could, if you look back to last call and include what you talked about this call on the competitive front, it sounds like you've been gaining share on digital design, emulation and analog and mixed signal design. Are there any areas where you're sort of not gaining share, you're not as strong? Are there any sort of weak points in the portfolio that you feel like you want to improve and get more competitive in?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, I think -- yeah, let me address that. First of all, we, as I mentioned, our strength is of course all product lines. We are happy with what we have, the strategy we set up to do. Clearly our digital has improved substantially. I think the acquisition of Azuro is very welcomed by our customers in terms of driving the power lower. And also I think, so far, we move on, we want to be the leader in the 20-nanometer. We already announced with Samsung and TSMC, multiple customers engaging with us. So we'll commit and continue to win on that. On the custom and analog, we continue to drive differentiation and performance, 6.1 Virtuoso, the proliferation is great. We like what we have. We continue to expand on it. And then in terms of the SoC and the system level, as I mentioned, we're making great progress. Palladium continues to be very strong. And so I think, overall, you know, is there room for improvement? Absolutely. We continue to drive performance, and most important, provide the best solution to our customer to make them successful.
Rich Valera – Needham and Company: Great. Thanks very much, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Hi. Thanks very much. Nice execution. Lip-Bu, can I go back to the question around digital competitiveness. You announced last quarter a couple of deals with some top 10 guys. There are a couple of companies, Ambarella the latest that you are very closely aligned with, I think Spedrum's [ph] another one. Where do you think you are relative to the competition? Would you assert that you sort of caught up at 2x node, or is there still meaningful amount, I mean you talked about still work to do across the portfolio, but is there still a meaningful amount of work to do in digital to catch up, or do you think you're close at this point? Thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, good question. We continue to drive success in our digital flow, and I think we already mentioned a couple of them. I think last week is a very important one, is ARM, the 20-nanometer with their Cortex A15. We're basically (inaudible) of world number one, first in terms of Cortex A15, that open up tremendous opportunity for us in terms of customer using ARM A15. And so this is really exciting for us. So, clearly demonstrate that in our competitiveness in terms of our digital flow. And then I mentioned earlier, they're using the whole RTL to sign off design flow, and that is very significant. And then the other part is we're also moving up into the leadership in the advanced nodes. And that's critical because customers like to see the roadmap and then how can you support their design and then fabricated at the foundries, partners, like Samsung, TSMC, I mentioned in my remarks. I think that's very important for us. And then besides that, we continue to fine-tune and continue to, you know, most important is customer win, and I'm a very strong believer of vertical collaboration and providing customer with the highest performance, differentiating products in the marketplace to win.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Great. I wonder if I could ask one more and then a quick follow-up for Geoff. Can you go back to the cycle? I mean there's lots of debate around severity and duration of the semi cycle. I understand EDA feels good now. But you've been around a long time and touched lots of folks in the semi industry. I wonder if you could just reflect for a minute on what they're telling you and what your sense is on where we are in the broader semiconductor cycle, if you could. Thanks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, it's a good question. I just want to add, the last question that you asked, I think the Azuro acquisition is very helpful for us and I think the integration is very good for us. Back to your question about the semiconductor industry cycle, clearly last year is a very strong year. This year is -- initially start with strong, and then it became a very mixed bag because of world economy and then slowdown, some of the economy, like Europe and US. Meanwhile, I think there are some couple of drivers, I mentioned in my remarks, are clearly the application design, mobility, video, cloud, are driving a lot of that design development, and we are very excited to be engaging with many of the successful companies, customers. And so I think -- I don’t have a crystal ball for next year, but I think clearly, from the -- we are very cautious because we look at the whole world economy. And meanwhile, we are really delighted that the design activity still remains strong. But we are very cautious along the way and work with our customers and then drive vertical collaboration that I consider is the formula for success.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Great. Quick follow-up for Geoff, if I may. Geoff, I know you haven't ever really wanted to talk in specificity too far ahead. You've talked about the 25% margin target without a sort of date associated with that. I'm wondering if, as you drive to -- I think you'd acknowledge you're probably somewhere below your normalized bookings level as you've sort of come out of your reset, you're not full yet. Can you talk to either, without timing but sort of the normalized bookings levels that you might anticipate or even normalized cash flow, without getting into exactly when you expect to reach those? Is there anything you can give us looking forward about where Cadence can head, without getting too specific around 2012?
Geoff Ribar: Sure. And I want to clarify, we talked about mid-20s as far as our operating results.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Sure.
Geoff Ribar: So, first, in bookings, obviously can't get specifics, and we'll give you a little bit more specifics when we talk about 2012 in our next call. But we’ve consistently said that '11 was going to be better than '10 as far as bookings were concerned, and '12 is going to be better than '11 just based on the results [ph] cycle and the model transition. That still stays in place. And over time, I guess we believe cash flow should closely reflect operating income, with a little bit of adjustment for depreciation and amortization. So I think if we get to the mid-20s on operating income, we should get to at least the mid-20s on cash flow.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: And anything you can give on what you think the sort of normalized levels are or what those levels are when you're through the transition, even if you don't want to get specific on sort of exactly when we accomplish that?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah. We've never given those results out or never given that information out. And so, we'll wait to give you some more information when we talk about '12, but we're not talking about the --
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Last quick one if I might. In Q1, headed into Q1, anything sort of seasonal to keep in mind as we sort of put models together as it relates to OpEx that we should think about, or no?
Geoff Ribar: Yeah. So, seasonality in revenue is largely not part of a ratable model. So we don't expect much seasonality in revenue. We will have the traditional Q1 FICO and social security tax coming into expenses, offset by probably some other things. So, generally, I think that would be the major swing item.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Saket Kalia – JPMorgan: It's Saket here for Sterling. Thanks for taking my questions. Hey, Geoff, with the converts going back into long-term liabilities, can you give us an update on what your intentions are with those, if they do trigger the exercise price again in the fourth quarter?
Geoff Ribar: Yes. So, generally when they trigger the exercise price, it still doesn’t -- it's still not in the holders' economic interest to convert the market value. If those converts are higher than the conversion price, we'll do it. So if it triggers it back in, we'll move them back in to current. But it's really not something we think has economic impact to the company. We do have the 2011 converts coming due later this quarter, which we'll pay off from the cash flow.
Saket Kalia – JPMorgan: Got it. And then on the raised guidance for fiscal '11, it sounds like you had the comfort to actually take it up, but you also held up some caution just given the global macro factor. Can you talk about any assumptions that you have on bookings for run rate going into the fourth quarter? And that's it from my side. Thanks.
 Geoff Ribar: Yes. We don't give specific bookings guidance, but we've had -- we expect the duration to be 2.5 to 2.7 years, again demonstrating the fact we also raised booking guidance for the quarter or for the year. It shows that again continued strength I think in bookings.
Saket Kalia – JPMorgan: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And once again, ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star then 1 on your telephone keypad. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities: Thanks. Lip-Bu, could you talk about the segments or product areas where you are most rapidly building or rebuilding your R&D spending?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. I think, Jay, first of all, I think across the board, the product continue to improve and drive competitiveness. Clearly we have a lot of commitment to the core EDA. That means the digital flow, analog, mixed signal, and all the way to packaging. And so that is our core business, we are very committed to that. And you can see the result of our success in the digital, mixed signal and continue down all the way to the packaging side. The 3D IC, the [chip], and I think we continue to drive that. And then we are very prudently investing and also drive success in the SoC that include IP and differentiating IP, and also the verification IP, the design IP and verification IP. And also we continue to see the momentum and strength in the hardware emulation Palladium, and that we expand that into the whole development suite and then move, you know, expand that whole area to Rapid Prototyping Platform and also into the time-to-integration, and then drive the hardware/software co-design, co-development. So I think we pretty much stick to the investment into our EDA360 application-driven strategy.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities: Thanks. A couple of market questions, one about geography, one about a product. As you know, for most of the last decade, non-Japan Asia has been the fastest-growing region for EDA. And on an as-reported basis, your share of that region spending for EDA is somewhat below your corporate or global average of EDA spending. So, perhaps that's because of still some transition issues in the model. But do you feel that there's improvement you ought to have in your share in what is still the fastest-growing part of the market geographically? And on the product side, one major category in EDA that's been doing pretty well for the last year is printed circuit board. And I think you categorized that in your system interconnect. Could you talk about what you're seeing in that market, the kind of growth expectations or strategy that you have there to keep up with, again, one of the largest categories in the group?
Geoff Ribar: Sure. I'll talk about Asia and then Lip-Bu will talk about the system interconnect business or PCB business. So, I think I always toss to everybody in the EDA that the market number -- market share numbers and as-reported basis is based on different business models that our competitors have. As you know well, Jay, we're in the middle of a transition to a fully ratable model, and we had some revenues that we had previously thought that upfront that we aren't booking yet as ratable. I think some of our competitors use different models, and so I think the numbers aren't compatible, totally compatible. So we actually feel our share in Asia is doing quite well and probably growing, is our belief.
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think on the second part of the question, about PCB, clearly, you know, besides -- I mentioned earlier that we are very unique in terms of not just digital and mixed signal and analog, we also -- all the way to packaging, and then on the IC packaging and also 3D IC packaging. And we also have the PCB side, and then the latest version of our Allegro PCB is focused on high-end, high-speed board design that we had been doing very good in terms of the -- well-received in the new products, and it brings new capabilities and features to drive some of the design costs down. And so I think that has been very welcomed by our customers. And I mentioned earlier about the whole 3D IC that gained a lot of momentum. We are heavily engaging with customers on that. And we also introduced our OrCAD marketplace that provide that online for application for our OrCAD product line. And that is more addressing a lot into China and some of this PCB opportunity. And we also strengthened some of our distribution channel so that we can be effectively -- compete and win in the marketplace.
Operator: We seem to have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO of Cadence, for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. In closing, Q3 was another great quarter for Cadence, and we have momentum going into Q4. Our solution are ready for 20-nanometer design. We have demonstrated product leadership in the design of SoC using advanced multicore processors. Our recent acquisitions are already benefiting customers. Our key operating metrics are all improving. Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon. We look forward to speaking with you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Lindstrom -  Geoff Ribar - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Lip-Bu Tan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Paul Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Kristen, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Alan Lindstrom, Director of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Alan Lindstrom: Thank you, operator, and welcome to our earnings conference call for the second quarter of fiscal year 2011. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website www.cadence.com and will be archived for 2 weeks. With us today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO of Cadence, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Geoff Ribar.  Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our Form 10-K for the period ended January 1, 2011, our 10-Q for the period ended April 2, 2011, the company's future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the cautionary statements regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today.  In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence's management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, which can be found in the Quarterly Earnings section of the Investor Relations portion of our website. A copy of today's press release dated July 28, 2011, for the quarter ended July 2, 2011, and related financial tables can also be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website at www.cadence.com. Now I'll turn the call over to Lip-Bu.
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report that our strong momentum in Q1 continued into Q2. For the second quarter, revenue totaled $283 million, non-GAAP operating margin was 17%, and we generated $69 million of operating cash flow.  Demand for both our software and hardware products was strong, driving increased run rates on renewals. For example, 2 of the world's top 10 semiconductor companies significantly increased their usage of our digital products. Both of these transactions consist primarily of new business, and together, will provide more than $10 million of incremental annualized revenue. And now let me turn to the second quarter by highlighting each of the 3 businesses: System Realization, SoC Realization and Silicon Realization.  In Q2, we extended our position in System Realization with the launch of the System Development Suite. This new suite of products reduced system integration time by up to 50% by enabling hardware-software co-design within a common design environment.  It introduced 2 new platforms: the Virtual System Platform and Rapid Prototyping Platform. These are tightly integrated with the 2 established platforms, the Palladium XP Verification Computing Platform and our Incisive Verification Platform.  A number of leading customers and partners announced their adoption of the suite, including ARM, NVIDIA and Western Digital. NVIDIA, a user of Cadence emulation products for many years, deploy the broader Cadence System Development Suite with elements such as Rapid Prototyping Platform, offering immediate value.  Sales of our Palladium XP Verification Computing Platform, a key component of the System Development Suite, was strong again.  In Q2, Marvell purchased Palladium XP and will use it for future projects. We are also seeing new and growing global demand as HiSilicon, a China-based provider of ASIC and solutions for communication network and digital media, adopted Palladium XP to speed integration and time-to-market.  Now let me talk about our SoC Realization business. Cadence is the leader in Verification IP, or VIP. In Q2, we announced the availability of VIP for ARM new AMBA 4 protocol. This new VIP enables designers to verify the functionality of multiprocessor ARM Cortex-A15 designs, which are now being deployed in various mobile applications, including tablets and smartphones.  We also announced close collaboration with TSMC that will strengthen our design IP. This extends an already close relationships and ensures the availability of IP that has been validated at the foundry.  Next, I will highlight our Q2 Silicon Realization successes. As I said in the beginning, we significantly expanded our digital implementation position at 2 of the world's top 10 semiconductor companies as we displaced alternative suppliers. This illustrates the growing competitiveness of our end-to-end digital solution, especially for advanced node designs, where the optimization of power, performance and area is more complex than in previous generations.  We improve our digital flow with the acquisition of Azuro. This technology, when integrated into our end-to-end digital flow will enhance our customers' ability to optimize power, performance, area of the most complex designs.  We also acquired Altos Design Automations, whose tools enable fast, accurate characterizations of foundation IP, generating models used for SoC implementation. These models, when combined with our digital and custom analog flows, improve the quality of results by providing greater visibility into the effects of noise, timing and power at every phase of the design cycle.  Our customers tell me this a great acquisition for Cadence, and will significantly improve their implementation flows. In our Custom/Analog business, customer adoption of our Virtuoso 6.1 flow also continue to grow.  We displaced a competitor analog flow at a leading 4G IC customer. We also announced that Bosch has standardized on our Virtuoso 6.1 technology, gaining an approximately 25% advantage in productivity.  Finally, strong ecosystem partnerships are essential for the successful development and manufacturing of advanced SoC. I want to highlight key developments with several of our ecosystem partners this quarter. Samsung deployed the Cadence digital flow to tape out a test chip featuring an ARM processor at 20 nanometers. Cadence's Encounter-based digital flow was used to address the requirements of Samsung's advanced 20-nanometer process technology for the SOC.  A number of new Cadence technologies has also been included in the new TSMC Reference Flow 12.0, and Analog/Mixed Signal Reference Flow 2.0. These include system level design capabilities available through our new System Development Suite.  Cadence is currently also the only collaborating partner with TSMC to provide DFM service to their customers for TSMC 40-nanometer technology and below.  Let me conclude my remarks with the following thoughts. We continue to see good momentum in our business. This quarter, we took an important step in building up our System Realization strategy to facilitate hardware-software system integration with the release of the System Development Suite.  Key customers are selecting our digital solution for next-generation designs. The integration of our digital and custom analog solutions provides designers with powerful flow for mixed-signal SoC. We are investing in and strengthening our ecosystem partnerships.  Now, Geoff will review the financial results and provide our outlook.
Geoff Ribar: Thank you, Lip-Bu and good afternoon, everyone. Cadence posted strong financial results for Q2 and that we have good momentum going into Q3. I will review results for the second quarter and then present our outlook for Q3 and update you on 2011.  Total revenue for the second quarter was $283 million compared to $227 million for Q2 of 2010. Product revenue was $158 million, maintenance revenue was $96 million and services revenue was $29 million.  The revenue mix for the geographies was: 47% for the Americas; 20% for EMEA; 17% for Japan; and 16% for Asia. Total costs and expenses on a non-GAAP basis for Q2 were $235 million compared to $230 million for Q1 of 2011.  On balance, the sequential increase was primarily due to higher cost of product. Quarter-end headcount was approximately 4,600 employees, flat compared to Q1. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q2 was 17% compared to 11% for Q2 2010.  For Q2, we recorded GAAP net income per share of $0.10. Non-GAAP net income per share was $0.12. Operating cash flow for Q2 was $69 million. Total DSOs for Q2 decreased to 51 days, from 62 days in Q1. We have driven DSOs down from over 150 days at the end of Q1 2009. Our target DSO for the year is now 55 to 56 days.  Quality of receivables remained high, with less than 1% of receivables more than 90 days past due. Capital expenditures for Q2 were $6 million. Cash and cash equivalents were $665 million at quarter end. Approximately 1/3 of our cash is in the United States.  Over 90% of orders booked in Q2 were ratable including product maintenance and services. Weighted average contract life for Q2 was approximately 2.5 years.  As Lip-Bu mentioned, on a weighted-average basis, run rates on contract renewals in Q2 increased. I want to point out one item on our balance sheet that has changed this quarter. The contingent conversion feature of our 2015 convertible notes was triggered during Q2 as the price of Cadence's common stock traded above $9.81 for an extended period during the last month of the quarter. And as a result, the 2015 notes are now classified as a current liability. However, we do not expect the note holders to exercise their options to convert as the economic benefit of holding and trading notes significantly outweighs converting the notes.  Now let's address our outlook for the third quarter of 2011 and our update for fiscal 2011. We are increasing our 2011 outlook for bookings, revenue and operating cash flow due to strong Q2 results, the expectation of continued strong demand, and a positive impact of shorter contract lives on revenue.  For Q3 2011, we expect revenue to be in the range of $280 million to $290 million. We expect good revenue for the Cadence Verification Computing Platform in the second half through not as high as in the first half of the year when we were working through strong initial orders.  Q3 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 16% to 18%. Non-GAAP total costs and expenses are expected to increase modestly from Q2 levels due to the impact of recent acquisitions. GAAP EPS for the third quarter is expected to be in the range of $0.04 to $0.06. Non-GAAP EPS for Q3 is expected to be in the range of $0.11 to $0.13.  Now for our update on fiscal 2011 outlook. Bookings are now expected to be in a range of $1.115 billion to $1.145 billion, compared to the prior range of $1.08 billion to $1.112 billion. We expect weighted average contract life in a range of 2.5 to 2.9 years and we expect to book at least 90% of our orders for the year under ratable arrangements.  We now expect revenue to be in the range of $1.115 billion to $1.135 billion for 2011, compared to the prior range of $1.075 billion to $1.115 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 15% to 17% on an annual basis for 2011 compared to the prior range of 14% to 16%.  Non-GAAP. The other income and expense for 2011 is expected to be in the range of negative $19 million to negative $15 million. For 2011 we're assuming a non-GAAP tax rate of 26% and a weighted average shares outstanding of 270 million to 274 million shares.  GAAP EPS for 2011 is expected to be the range of $0.20 to $0.26, compared to the prior range of $0.11 to $0.19. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected in a range of $0.41 to $0.47 compared to the prior range of $0.36 to $0.44.  For 2011, we expect operating cash flow in a range of $230 million to $250 million compared to the prior expectation of $200 million to $220 million. We expect DSOs to be in a range of 55 to 65 days at year-end 2011. The prior range was 65 to 75 days. My long-term goal is to see DSOs approach 45 days.  Capital expenditures for 2011 are expected to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million. One final comment on guidance. Please remember that we expect lower hardware sales in the second half, and that we have better visibility with just 2 quarters remaining in the year.  So in summary, Cadence had a very good first half. While the macro uncertainty facing the global economy causes me some concern as we plan for the second half, demand for our products and services still looks strong. Our focus on value and deal quality continues to yield benefits in form of lower average contract life and increase in run rates on renewals.  I'm especially pleased that we are making consistent progress towards a long-term profitability goal of a non-GAAP operating margin in mid-20s. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Paul Thomas with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Paul Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch: Obviously, the numbers speak for themselves, but I guess if you contrast what you guys are seeing with the larger semi industry, it looks like there's more uncertainty on the customers' side versus you guys, now versus 6 months ago. Your run rates are increasing, but I just wanted to get your commentary on when you speak with customers, is there any sense of caution, more caution now than there was 3 months or 6 months ago, or is there a sense right now that the focus is really on getting the next generation of products ready, and they're really looking through any uncertainty in the second half of the year here?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, Paul this is Lip-Bu. Let me try to answer your questions. First of all, I think we all know that the macro environment [indiscernible] and unclearly, the second half a little bit soften. And then somewhat the result from the semiconductor company that are announcing the results have been mixed. But overall, I think from the feedback from our customer that design activity still remains strong. And engagement, the new model of engagement we have with the customer starting to bear fruit and that really engaged strategically with us on the next challenging product they have. Clearly, we see smartphone, tablets, server, area of strengths. PC, networking and some of the industrial and selective part of the automotive has been weakened. But overall, I think it's a very healthy, we see in terms of the design activity and our engagement with our customer continue to be strong. And then we look at some of our ecosystem partners like Foundry and now clearly, the Q3, a little bit correction, but they all indicate good pickup in Q4. So overall, I think the semiconductor trend we see is about 5%, 7% growth, but answer your question on the design side remain very strong.
Paul Thomas - BofA Merrill Lynch: Maybe just one more on emulation. I know no Geoff, you talked about hardware sales being down half over half. I guess when you look at 2009 to 2010, the EDAC data says 15% growth for emulation, and Q1 started off more like a 30% pace. Do you still think you'll be ahead of that 2009, 2010 15% growth rate this year? Or I guess any color you can give there would be helpful.
Lip-Bu Tan: Paul, this is Lip-Bu. Let me just touch on the high level and then Geoff can tell you more in detail. So overall, as you know, the Palladium XP, our verification platform is very, very needed and is essential for any complex chip design anything below 40-nanometer and time-to-market in terms of improvement finding the box earlier is a must-have and we are starting to see companies I mentioned, Marvell in the past, Broadcom, in the earlier earnings call. So there's a suite of company like NVIDIA have been a great partner for us. So anything complex-intensive design is a must-have. We continue to see strength in that. And Geoff?
Geoff Ribar: Yes. It's obviously a secular trend. Emulation is becoming more and more important, and we think we are doing very well in it. The reason the second half is down for us has to do with the manufacturing bubble that was created on initial orders for Palladium XP. We've now worked through that manufacturing bubble. Having said that, we don't guide specifically on hardware revenue and numbers, but we are of course, going to see growth year-over-year.
Operator: Your next question is from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I want to follow on with the commentary on the first set of questions. Given the mixed results that we've had in the semiconductor area, what's your sense in your conversations with them? How long would it have to go in terms of this kind of current sluggishness that they're in before some of the design trends and activities start to get reined in? Do you still feel like we've got at least a couple quarters through the back half of the year before we have to worry, or maybe I should put it this way, that there's runway in hope we get an uplift, so it carries them into 2012?
Lip-Bu Tan: I think first of all, it's very hard to generalize a way to answer your question, and I mentioned earlier, I think some of the customer we have engaged specifically in the smartphone, tablet and server has been very strong. And they are heavily engaging with us. And then some of the low MPC and networking, I think is – I see it as temporary. Some of the infrastructure delay, but I think one or two quarter, semi will be coming a back -- and there's no slowing down that the design for the next-generation design. So overall, I'm optimistic and from the design activity point of view, we do not see any slowdown.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then follow-up would be, since you've got the pattern on Palladium, second half versus the first half, what are the areas that you think will continue to power through? And you made a lot of commentary about the IP side of things, as well as the digital side. I didn't hear as much commentary on this call about the analog platform, so what should we be looking for in terms of what you think is going to be the strength in the back half of the year?
Lip-Bu Tan: Okay, so a couple of things. First of all, I think in this quarter, across our product line had been strong, and I think we'll continue the strength going forward for the second half. In terms of the growth area, first of all, let me touch on the digital side. Clearly, we mentioned about 2 of the top 10 semiconductor companies engaging with and now using us, have a nice incremental replacement for competitors. And then clearly with the 2 acquisitions we make, Azuro and Altos make us very competitive, especially in the advanced nodes for optimizing power performance in the area. So I think we continue to see strength in terms of the digital solution that we provide. In terms of the IP area, and I think I mentioned that the Denali continue to -- doing very, and especially in the memory modeling and then some of the critical storage management, and we announced wide I/O and DDR4. We have a very strong reception from the customer and we have been very focused on highly differentiating we call it interface or connectivity IP. And we are going to continue doing that, and we see strength on that. And then in terms of the analog side, and I think we continue to see the proliferations from our customers, and we don't see any meaningful competitors' position then. So I think we'll continue to do very well and then in the longer run, I think the EDA360 is really our vision and our strategy. We are laser-focused on that whole SoC realization and the System Realization and we have a lot of good traction there. In time I mentioned about the System Development Suite that we announced. We have received a lot of very positive customer feedback like ARM, NVIDIA, Western Digital and continue to expand the list. So clearly, the application-driven is a fast-growing sector. And then we continue to drive deal quality improvement, and so I think we'll continue to be optimistic, cautious/optimistic about the progress we are making.
Geoff Ribar: And I think just a couple of pieces, Sterling, of tactical, to back some of that up. The 2 top 10 semiconductors companies in the world will had over $10 million of annualized run rate. So that's obviously material to us. I think also the duration of our backlog has come down as the duration of our bookings have come down. And I think that's increased the quality of our backlog, increased the confidence in our future guidance.
Operator: Your next question is from Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: Kind of a follow-up on that. If you take the midpoints of your third quarter and full-year guidance, it would imply a revenue level in the fourth quarter of about $10 million higher than the second quarter, yet one would expect probably a significantly lower level of emulation business in that fourth quarter. So just wondering how we should think about the sustainability of that fourth quarter revenue run rate as you exit this year. It seems like it won't have any sort of unusually high level of emulation in it, so maybe we could sort of use that as a starting point as we think about next year in terms of implied sort of software run rate. Just want to know if you could comment on that.
Geoff Ribar: You're correct. Emulation is going to be down in the second half of the year, and we're making that up largely in software, right, and maintenance component to our business. We expect the Emulation business to be a good business next year, and we expect Q4 to be approximately where you just worked out. Having said that, we’re really not guiding 2012 yet.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay, fair enough. And also on emulation historically, emulation has been the most economically sensitive of the EDA products out there. I know you just had a great quarter from a revenue standpoint. Any signs at all of customers being more cautious with emulation purchases or outlook there?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so I think Rich, first of all, I think you’re talking about the pattern I think Geoff mentioned to you, in terms of the customer engagement we have, we continue to see a lot of strength and a lot of engagement because time-to-market is so critical. Somewhat a complex design and some of the customer tell me that they really need it. It's a lifesaver and they would like to buy more of that. So I think we continue to see strength and with the industry development moving down below 40-nanometer and with the best of class and it's a must-have.
Geoff Ribar: I think on the other side, it also helps the productivity of our customers, right, and the amount of engineers and resources they need to use to get the design out the door.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: So was it your feeling that maybe emulation is going to be more resilient this cycle, presuming where we may be heading into some sort of ebb in the cycle here than it was historically?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes, so I think if you look closely into our Development Suite, it's really built around a whole emulations. And that's why you have the whole virtual co-design hardware and software and also the Rapid Prototyping, and that is a very good growth engine for us in terms of what we discuss with the customer, time-to-market, time for integrations and that are really critical for them especially in the SoC. And so I think it's not just looking at just pure hardware. We should look at the whole other software to drive productivity and time to integration, time-to-market and that is very critical to win in this marketplace.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: And then just one final one, a bookkeeping one. I missed your updated bookings guidance, Geoff, if you could just give me that again please?
Geoff Ribar: Sure, it's $1.115 billion to $1.145 billion.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: It sounds like you're seeing some strength across-the-board. I was curious though, at this point, are you seeing your big customers get even stronger? Is there a widening of the GAAP between your big and small customers?
Lip-Bu Tan: Absolutely. And that's why 2 years ago, I really focused on the top 40 customers. And clearly, for a start-up company, [indiscernible] are not backing as many and then secondly, some of – even the public company, if they don't have -- able to create a platform, it's become harder and harder to be a stand-alone company. So I think a couple of key platform company and I call it a winning company. We'll just have to continue increasing and we are making great progress, we mentioned about 2 of the top 20 in this quarter and then continue we’re going to make progress, and I think it's critical for our health of the company.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: So this trend continues, does that have a negative impact on margins?
Lip-Bu Tan: No. We continue to drive the deal quality, and we continue to provide that shorter duration so that we are aligned with the design cycle with the customer. And so that we continue to drive value to provide to our customer, and we want to be there so that a trusted partner that they can count on us to provide the solution they need to time-to-market and then to win in the marketplace.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then looking at margins in the second half of the year, if the emulation of the hardware component goes down, is that a boon for margins, at least in the near-term?
Geoff Ribar: Yes, obviously hardware margins are lower than software margins, but we also have some offsetting trends. We're going to have some increases related to higher commissions, related to higher bookings. So -- and we'll also have some incremental expenses related to the 2 acquisitions that we've done.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And Geoff, if you could also just dig in a little deeper on the notes and derivatives and what the structured mechanics are for that, that would -- what kind of scenarios do you see potentially happening over the next year or 2?
Geoff Ribar: So as you know, Tom, we moved the notes to current, the 2015s because we're traded over the essentially over the trigger price, if you want to look at it. We expect the note hedges to move in tandem. We expect the notes to be current as long as the share prices stays over that price. We don't expect the notes to be converted. They’re trading at a materially higher price in the market than conversion, materially higher price, so we don't expect the notes to be converted at all.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And what kind of stock price would you need before you thought it would be a possibility or likelihood?
Geoff Ribar: I don't think it's even the price of our stock that would allow the notes to be converted. They get a nice interest payment on it and until it becomes closer to 2015, it's really not an issue.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: A couple of detailed questions first about the second quarter and then a couple of longer-term questions. So Geoff, first, when we look at your sequential change and cost of product, the increase there was about the same as the increase from Q4 to Q1. Was that predominantly driven by the cost of product for the hardware? And if so, does that mean that the hardware revenues increased by about as much sequentially in Q2 as they did in Q1?
Geoff Ribar: So the cost of product is largely hardware and the second question can't really answer because we don't give specific on revenue for hardware.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. Was there anything unusual or nonrecurring in the maintenance number? It's usually not quite that strong in the second quarter, at least not compared to the first quarter. So is that just a function of how you apportion bookings, or was there something else going on in terms of one-time payments or something of that kind?
Geoff Ribar: Yes, Cadence used to have a history where in Q1 and Q3 maintenance would go up and then Q2 and Q4 maintenance would go down related to Japan. That's no longer the trend anymore. We're gradually getting away from that trend and getting more reasonable over a period of time. So don't expect to see that cyclical pattern going forward. Did that answer your question, Jay?
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Well, not entirely. Is there something stemming from the way you apportion a fixed percentage of bookings each year?
Geoff Ribar: No, it's just that the swings that used to be caused by Japan aren't as relevant anymore. So there's no really other material changes as to how our, how we manage our maintenance.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Going for the longer-term, how are you thinking about the progression of bookings over the next number of years? For this year, you're looking for about $150 million to $200 million increase over last year but let's, for the moment, strip out the bookings for services and maintenance and just look at product bookings. You'll still be pretty considerably below your '05 through '07 levels of bookings just for product. And the question is, do you think you're going to need perhaps another couple of years to get back to where you were, adjusting for duration and that's one of the questions.
Geoff Ribar: So Jay, what we've said consistently about bookings and this applies to total bookings, right? We tend to look at total bookings, is that we expect '11 to be better than '10 and '12 to be better than '11, and this is related to the model change and also our normal renewal cycles. We haven't gotten much more specific beyond that. We've said that Q4 2012 will be essentially when we're fully converted on our model change and 2013 will be the first year where we're fully in our new model. And really can't comment on 2005 to 2007 or what's going to take to go forward. We're guiding that far out yet.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Sure. Question about duration. You're tending towards the low end of the range that you've given before of 2.5% to 2.9%. I guess the question is 2.5% necessarily a floor? Are they're already practical limitations to customers going even shorter than that, particularly your larger customers?
Lip-Bu Tan: So I think Jay, let me answer that question. So first of all, we try to be aligned with the customer in the design cycle. And we're the ones who give them too much and that give them too little that are nervous. I think it's kind of case-by-case with the customer. And then more important also, we want to have it a little bit shorter so that we can really introduce new technology, new product or new solution that we can provide to them and so that's kind of our strategy.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay, and then lastly, could you talk about how you see the progression of R&D spending for the balance of the year? It was kind of sideways in the second quarter. And related to that as well, what kind of investments do you think you need to make in services, in support of your overall IP strategy?
Lip-Bu Tan: Let me answer that and then Geoff can add on to that. So first of all, I think we feel comfortable with our R&D spending and we continue to drive our efficiency and also very focused and targeted in terms of the digital mixed-signal flow, IP and SoC and also the system level. And we drive some of the road map in terms of how to provide the best solution to the customer and that we also did acquisition: We acquired Azuro and acquired Altos. So will continue find the best solution, the best product we can continue to drive success with the customer and then listen to the customer. So I think between the R&D spending and then the acquisition, we feel comfortable with our directions.
Geoff Ribar: And specifically, from Q1 to Q2 on engineering spending it was relatively flat. Obviously, social security and FICO kind of rolled off as people made it over those limits. And second of all, there's was little bit more vacation taken. We expect those numbers to increase though in the second half of the year for the reason Lip-Bu gave.
Operator: There are currently no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Lip-Bu Tan for closing remarks.
Lip-Bu Tan: So in closing, Q2 was a great quarter for Cadence, and we have momentum going into the second half. We are introducing exciting new products like System Development Suite that expand our market. We are winning new business at important accounts on strength of our technology. We are making acquisition that matter to our customers. And our key operation metrics are all improving. Thank you everyone for calling in this afternoon. And we are looking forward to speaking with you soon and thank you again for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Design Systems Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Jordan - Corporate VP of IR Lip-Bu Tan - President and CEO Kevin Palatnik - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Rich Valera - Needham & Company Raj Seth - Cowen & Company KC Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Carah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems first quarter 2009 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Jennifer Jordan, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Jordan: Thank you, Carah. Thank you and welcome to our conference call for the first quarter of 2009. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, www.cadence.com, and will be archived for one week. With me today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO, and Kevin Palatnik, Senior Vice President and CFO, senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause the difference in our results, please refer to our Form 10-K for the period ended January 3, 2009, the company's future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the cautionary statements related to forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can be useful to measure results using non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, including those set forth in our press release of April 29, 2009 for the quarter ended April 4, 2009. A copy of this press release and the financial tables can be found in Investor Relations portion of our website at www.cadence.com. Lip-Bu?
Lip-Bu Tan: Good afternoon everyone. I am pleased to report that the Cadence deliver on our first quarter objectives. Revenue for the first quarter of 2009 met expectations. Non-GAAP net loss per share came in better than forecast and cash flow from operations met expectations. Customer continued to be impacted by the downturn in the global economy. Across the board, they are concerned with designing more productively with less risk and less cost. Accordingly, 2009 is a year for Cadence to focus on execution, improve our productivity, and invest in our core business. This means that we will continue to invest in technology and solutions that play into our strength, and continue to bring innovative advanced solutions to market complemented by robust support and services from the large semiconductor and system houses to the smallest start ups, customers rely on Cadence custom, verification, digital, and PCB design solutions. Virtuoso is the backbone for custom design flows in the electronic industry, and Incisive unique capabilities in enterprise verification lead the industry. As such, we are aggressively investing in verification and custom design to further advance our leadership. In verification, we continue to augment our solution to the combination of technology, methodology, and verification IP, specifically focused on automating, managing the verification process to reduce customers costs, and mitigate project risks. We have strong momentum in this area, because customers recognize the completeness and thoughtfulness of our approach as evidenced by 25 competitive wins in this first quarter. There are four reasons customers find our solution more robust than the competition. First, we offer the full span of technology to do verification from the block to the full-chip and system levels. This includes testbench simulation, formal verification, hardware accelerations, and circuit simulation, all integrated with a common user interface. Secondly, we systemically offer new capabilities that reduce risk, improve productivity, and lower costs of verification process. These new capabilities include extending the Open Verification Methodology, or OVM, to handle the multiple languages customers actually use when verifying a design. We also view the broadest portfolio of proven verification IP in the industry providing customers off-the-shelf access to verification IP they can trust, and curtailing their costly process of developing it ad hoc. Thirdly, we provide metric driven management environment for planning, tracking, and monitoring the result of these technologies so that customers can effectively manage their process through verification closure. Finally, we are constantly looking ahead and introducing technology to help solve the most demanding verification challenges. In system design and verification, the recently introduced Incisive Palladium Dynamic Power Analysis or DPA took home the EDN Innovation Award in system design for helping solve one of these challenges. Palladium DPA addressing critical power problems for customers enabling upfront power estimation. This is the first hardware/software co-design solution to analyze the impact of embedded software and software application on the chip power consumption. This allows designers to make early changes either to the software or to the design itself to avoid power issues which dramatically lower risk and speeds up design time by reducing iterations. This advance capability cause customers such as Sharp, AMD to choose the Incisive Palladium platform as part of Cadence low power solution. Cadence continues to extend its technology lead in custom design. Virtuoso is number one by far in custom design. Virtually, all analog/mixed signal custom memory RF design today is done with Virtuoso. All of the top 50 semiconductor companies use Virtuoso. Over 70% of these have purchased Virtuoso 6.1 licenses, and are in various stages of evaluating, using, or ramping Virtuoso 6.1 for their products. Consequently, usage of Virtuoso 6.1 at our top customers has nearly doubled compared to the year ago. These customers report seeing a 25% to 40% improvement in productivity. The new advance Space-Based Router in Virtuoso 6.1 is already being deployed in 32-nanometer product designs at a major North America processor company. Virtuoso 6.1 provides us a clear advantage as customers tell us that the recent introduced competitive offerings are no more capable than the technology Cadence brought to market years ago. Successful mixed signal and low power design requires a robust, advance digital design and SoC integration platform which Cadence has with the new Encounter Digital Implementation System. We are seeing good adoptions and proliferation rates with the number of new customers in Q1 both large and small. We also see increased proliferation within our major customers. For example, one such customer recently grew its license count from 100 to 450, and two others chose Encounter Digital Implementation System for design at 32-nanometers following extensive competitive benchmarking. Global Unichip SoC design foundry committed to provide the most advance and best price performance silicon solutions use the Encounter Digital Implementation System to design a 50 million gate high performance networking switch processor. Global Unichip was able to achieve full-chip design closure in one week as opposed to the one month. This is an important endorsement for our new digital solution as a proof point for the productivity gains customer can achieve using Cadence solutions. Related to improving productivity as I mentioned in my open remarks, non-GAAP earning result came in better than expected. We are continuously evaluating our organization to provide Cadence customers with the best technology solutions and service to enhance our execution. In conclusion, we have made good progress thus far and I am pleased with the first quarter results, particularly in this difficult economic environment. Cadence Design solutions are fundamental to our customer success. We continue to contribute to that success with innovative new solutions, such as Palladium DPA, Virtuoso 6.1, and the new Encounter Digital Implementation System. Customers are responding by adopting and ramping these solutions to production. We intend to build on this momentum and will strike to enhance our execution over the remaining of the year. Kevin?
Kevin Palatnik: Thanks Lip-Bu. Results for the company's key operating metrics for Q1 were total revenue of $206 million; non-GAAP operating margin of negative 18%, and operating cash flow of negative $7 million. In Q1 we recorded a GAAP loss per share of $0.25. On a non-GAAP basis, the loss was $0.10 per share. Total revenue for the first quarter was $206 million, product revenue was $87 million, maintenance revenue was $90 million, and services revenue was $29 million. Revenue mix by geography for Q1 was 42% the Americas, 24% for EMEA, 19% for Japan, and 15% for Asia. Over 85% of our orders booked in Q1 were ratable. Weighted average contract life was slightly below the guided range of three to four years. This was lower than recent experience due to the impact of the current economic climate and customers' visibility. Total costs and expenses on a non-GAAP basis for Q1 were $242 million, a decrease of 14% from Q1 of 2008. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q1 was negative 18%. Quarter end headcount was approximately 4,600. This reflects a decrease in headcount of approximately 300 from the close of Q4 '08, and a decrease of 600 from Q3 '08. The reductions announced in November are nearing completion. Operating cash flow was negative $7 million. Total DSOs for Q1 decreased to 152 days from 182 days in Q4 as a result of lower receivables balances, and less than 1% of receivables were over 90 days past due. Capital expenditures for Q1 totaled $15 million. This included $5 million of remaining payments for our new engineering building in San Jose which is now complete. Cash and cash equivalents were $554 million at quarter end. Now, I will turn to our outlook for Q2 '09 and full year 2009. For Q2 2009, we expect revenue to be in the range of $205 million to $215 million. Q2 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of negative 14% to negative 12%. GAAP EPS for the second quarter is expected to be in the range of a loss of $0.24 to a loss of $0.22 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of a loss of $0.09 to $0.07. Operating cash flow for Q2 is expected to be in the range of negative $25 million to negative $20 million including severance payments of approximately $10 million. For the full year 2009, we expect revenue to be $830 million to $870 million. For 2009, we expect weighted average contract life to be in the range of three to four years. GAAP EPS for full year 2009 should be in the range of a loss of $0.89 to a loss of $0.77, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of a loss of $0.33 to a loss of $0.21. We expect non-GAAP operating margin to be in the range of a negative 12% to negative 10% on an annual basis for 2009. Non-GAAP other income and expense for 2009 is expected to be in the range of negative $2 million to zero. Operating cash flow is expected to be approximately breakeven for the full year of 2009 and our target for total DSOs at year-end 2009 is approximately 150 days. Capital expenditures for 2009 are expected to be in the range of $40 million to $50 million, a decrease of approximately $30 million from our historical spending levels. In summary, despite the uncertain environment, we are making progress towards positioning Cadence for the future. Our competitive and financial positions are sound, and we believe we are taking the necessary steps for them to improve going forward. We are making continual progress toward the 90/10 ratable mix, and are highly focused on execution and operating efficiency. Operator, we will now take questions.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Yeah, thanks. Hi guys. With the shorter duration, can you talk about what discounting and pricing in this current environment looked like during the quarter?
Kevin Palatnik: Sure, Sterling. Let me go back to what I mentioned in prepared remarks. The average contract duration was slightly below our guided range of three to four years. That was a contributor to lighter than expected orders for Q1. Revenue and cash however were not impacted. Therefore, discounts and the like, we didn't see any material change from Q4. So, pricing is relatively holding up.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Okay. Then is that also the same when you look at kind of renewals versus maybe any new opportunities now that I would expect any this year, but is that the same situation on both sides?
Kevin Palatnik: For the renewals that we do have this year, we have done a lot of work looking at what the prior contract was given or compared to the current level of renewal, both in terms of price, discount, duration, and so forth, and there has been no material change between the contract, let's say, three or four years ago to what was renewed in Q1.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Then you mentioned the headcount at the end of the quarter and the changes what was done, but just for simplicity, what should we be thinking about as end of quarter headcount exiting the June quarter?
Kevin Palatnik: Exiting the June quarter, it will be around 4,576.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Okay. Last question, I think could you did give us some color in terms of range on bookings given the environment and what we see? You are reiterating the revenue and such; do you want to update the booking guidance or are you going to wait until the end of the year and kind of give it to us then?
Kevin Palatnik: Sterling, Q1 is seasonally our weakest quarter. So, it is a single data point and it is hard to extract a trend from there. So, at this point, we don't have enough data to communicate anything more than we have.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Thank you. Good afternoon. Lip-Bu, sounds like you have got a chance to get out and see a lot of customers and I think really assess the strength of the Cadence product portfolio. I was just wondering if you could give us sort of your view of the competitive positioning of the company in the major product areas in sort of analog design and implementation, digital implementation maybe and then in digital verification?
Lip-Bu Tan: Rich, thank you so much for the questions. Last few months I have been very intensively working with a lot of CEO and senior management of our customer. Clearly, they really appreciate what we offer [in our] product portfolio. I think our position have not changed, and clearly analog very strong. They very much like to continue and our 6.1 adoptions and increase of usage have been very healthy. In terms of the verification, clearly, there is a lot of pain level from the customer point and that is where we are already the leader there. We continue to enhance our offerings and we are engaging quite heavily with some of the leading company in terms of this area, and I think we are going to continue our footprint on that. In terms of our digital, we have a lot of good offering. I mentioned earlier Encounter in the products, the new products and we get a lot of attraction and a lot of good engagement in the 32-nanometer process, and so I think the whole mixed signal offering have been very solid. Also our PCB, an area we are the leader and we continue to expand our offering, and I think by engaging quit heavily with our customer. So, overall, Rich, our product portfolio have been very solid and I think the customer appreciate that engaging heavily with us.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great. Just specifically on the analog design side, obviously, there have been some competitive launches and it sounds like from your prepared remarks they you have yet to make significant inroads into our established accounts, anymore color on sort of the competitive environment in the analog design area?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we clearly, we are very strong leader in this, and I mentioned in my remark the top 50 customers, they are solidly with us, and I think I mentioned earlier in our Virtuoso 6.1, the adoption more than doubled and clearly see the performance improvement 25% to 40% I mentioned. So, I think that part and with the competitive offering, and as I mentioned in my remarks is not capable than our offering years ago. So, I think, so far we have been very, very strong in our area.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great. Sort of a bigger picture industry question; there is a lot of sort of rationalization and consolidation going on in the semiconductor industry, I mean the most recent example, the plan of NEC and Renaissance to get together, there you have got two large IDMs, one that sort of a primary Cadence house, and one that is a primary Synopsis house that are going to get together. How do you see the opportunities and risks associated with these types of deals? I don't know if you could specifically comment on that one, but how do you feel your position to sort of maintain your share as you move into that type of environment?
Lip-Bu Tan: Rich, that's a good question. I think consolidation definitely present a risk and opportunities for us, and I think we have clearly have very compelling products and service offering, and we are very proactively engaging in that situation NEC and Renaissance. We maintain very close relationship with both, and we continue working with them and engaging with them in their productive volume and so that we can provide the best tool and solution to enable them to be succeed in their combination of both companies.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great, that is helpful. One final one if I could for you Kevin. Receivables, how do you feel about the quality of your receivables, not so much past 90 days, but the potential for write-offs given the sort of the rest among semi-customers in general? How do you feel about the quality of that portfolio right now?
Kevin Palatnik: Okay, Rich. I do have to start with just generally a comment about quality. Looking at 90 days past due, and it is always been for the last year or so less than 1%. So, we have customers that pay. Clearly in the last three to six months, the environment is such we put a lot of focus on our quarterly review of credit worthiness of our customers and in quarter in fact we did increase our reserves to protect our self going forward.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen & Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Hi. Thanks very much. Kevin, first a quick one for you; can you talk a lilt bit about the plan on the long-term contract receivable balance that obviously came down? I am assuming that you are now able to sell some of those receivables at more attractive rates. Should we expect that to continue to come down aggressively or what is the expectation embedded in your sort of cash flow view?
Kevin Palatnik: Yeah. So, Raj, thanks for the question first off. The long-term receivables or the contract receivables will come down as we shift more to a ratable model. The ability to sale term agreements exists but not for subs wider subscriptions. In quarter, the reason it dropped so dramatically is some of the long-term deals we did in '06, '07 are falling off to the point where they are short term. That was the largest contributor to the sequential decline, but going forward, you will see that overall level of receivables, long-term contract receivables decrease.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Okay. That helps. Sorry for my confusion. Lip-Bu, you talked a little bit about products. I am curious now that you have been there a quarter or two, how do you think about your channel structure and sizing? Do you believe you need to do anything there or do you think you have the right channel organized in the right way going forward?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yeah, Raj, good question. I think we continue evaluating our organization, our sales channel. So far I have been in front of the customer a lot, and I think overall, our engagement with the customer in terms of field organization channel and also our engineering engagement with the customer have been improving and I think we continue to expand on that. So, overall, I think we have the right channel and sales organization and we are going to continue evaluating and to optimize our performance.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: So, no anticipated material movers there on the short-term?
Lip-Bu Tan: No.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Okay and one last if I might; you guys have talked about without a whole lot of precision about the operating margin and the 20% range as you exit 2011 and move into 2012. I am curious if you are managing to an operating margin target out there and if you found yourself on a glide path that wouldn't quite get you there, if you are committed to take our more costs in order to achieve that, sort of what is the primary financial metric a little bit longer term you are managing to? Thanks.
Kevin Palatnik: Yeah, thanks, Raj. So, as we have stated public ally prior in prior meetings, we are targeting 25% plus margins at the tail end of the transition to a 90/10. Our expectation is that take three to four years from when we moved last July to the 90/10. Again, the short answer is, yes, we are committed to that, and we continually monitor just the general macro environment and its impact on Cadence and we are committed to take the necessary actions to achieve that out in that timeframe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of KC Rajkumar with RBC Capital.
KC Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Hi guys. Could you talk a little bit about why that the average contract life for Q1 was light slightly below your target? Was that because of a few customers cutting back on their contract lifespan or was it a sort of trend across all customers?
Kevin Palatnik: Yeah. Hi, KC. This is Kevin. So, it is a combination of things. Q1 as I said earlier seasonally our weakest quarter. Couple that with our own customers' lack of visible going forward that combines the smaller contracts if you will had a contract life that was less than the guided range, and overall weighted on a seasonally weak quarter, that weighted in drove the contract life of the quarter slightly below that 3 to 4 guided range.
KC Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: If the Q2 bookings would come back more in line with your original thought process?
Kevin Palatnik: We don't generally talk about quarterly bookings from a forecast standpoint, and it is too early to tell if the shorter durations in Q1 is a trend but it made by us our three to four year average life estimate somewhat lower in that range. Please recognize though that revenue and cash hasn't been impacted. There are others on the phone that have illustrated that if we do a three-year $30 million deal, or a two-year $20 million deal, the annual run rate of $10 million doesn't change. So, revenue and cash wouldn't be impacted by shorter durations.
KC Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. As you guys (inaudible) March quarter, did you guys find any loosening of EDA presence or do you find your customers as consisted at the very back in the quarter?
Lip-Bu Tan: KC, first of all I think from my experience, working with the customer, I think clearly they see the bottom and stabilize, and clearly the foundry and our utilizations is increasing, but they still don't have a lot of good visibility. I think the key question is going to be the second half, the Q4 Christmas season. So, with that I think they are very conservatively managing their budget and clearly they are managing their budget tightly, and so we don't see major changes but I think clearly we are going to be focus a lot more to help the customer to managing their design costs and also the risk that are involved.
KC Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Following to another question, I suppose it is too r early to have an idea as to how calendar '10 looks like.
Kevin Palatnik: Yeah, I have gone on record KC to say that 2010 from a renewal standpoint is larger than 2009, but at this point it is too early to say more than that.
KC Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: And lastly, would it be possible to get a general sense for how does the OpEx profile trend for the rest of the year?
Kevin Palatnik: I am sorry. The OpEx trend…?
KC Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: How should we model OpEx for the rest of calendar '09?
Kevin Palatnik: Okay. So, on a non-GAAP basis, typically Q1 is our highest OpEx, just given that people have to pay their full FICA taxes and so on and so forth. Then as they progress through the year, some of the tax burden gets lessened. If I look at Q1 to Q4, I see about a 4% shift from Q1 ending to Q4 ending. So, you can plan it that way. As I mentioned earlier as well from an OpEx standpoint annually, we see a range between, I think, I said 13 and 11.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Tim Fox with Deutsche Bank.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Thank you. Good afternoon. Just a quick follow-up Kevin on the OpEx question; so, G&A was up a bit more than we had modeled and up sequentially. Is that the FICA issues we are talking about and should that go down moving across the year?
Kevin Palatnik: Thanks, Tim. So, specific to Q1, in our G&A line, that is where we carry the increase in reserves and so that is expected to decrease in Q2. We put about $10 million worth of reserves on the books and given our November restructurings the benefit we saw in Q1 based on that it was about $4 million. So, net it is up $6 million sequential on a non-GAAP basis, but we should lose or see quarter-to-quarter going into Q2, we should see that decrease.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Got it. Okay, thanks. I guess just from a renewal perspective, has there been any change at all in the linearity in timing of the renewals? Are they coming in as you expected or are customers waiting through till the very last minute and how might that progress for the rest of the of the year?
Kevin Palatnik: Yeah. So, Tim, when we moved to the 90/10 model in last July, one of the comments we have made and we continue to make is we are willing to be patient. In this environment, where customers have a keen view on their own costs, they are waiting and we are being patient, and all of that was pretty well modeled in. So, our expectations first half to second half, second half seasonally is always larger than the first half and we expect that to continue.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Lastly for Lip-Bu; given that the economy seems to be softening more materially in Europe and other parts of the world, just wondering in your travel around, are you seeing any material change in the customer behavior from a geographic perspective and I think you provide some extra color there would be helpful.
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. So, I think Tim first of all, I think the Asia Pacific side, I think the customer are more proactive. I think they are recovering faster in China, in Taiwan, in Korea, and I think Japan is still going through a difficult challenging and so they tend to be more conservative and more cost conscious in terms of their budget. Clearly, European also in a more conservative in their budget and then US, I think some of the customer are seeing trend up improving and more encouraging, but again, still managing their budget tightly.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Yeah, thanks. Lip-Bu, kind of following on a little bit, as you are out there talking to customers, one of the things that we have a lot of discussions about is with the decline in headcount, how much of the decline in headcount is actually coming in engineering and design engineers versus other parts of the business? Any sense qualitatively from your travels and talks; is the R&D side on the headcount getting hit less, the same, or more in other areas within your customer base?
Lip-Bu Tan: Sterling, I think it is a good question. I think it is very difficult to generalize and so some of the customers are cutting back their R&D headcount, but in certain areas they are increasing because of the opportunity to identify and focus on. Clearly, we see a lot of more mixed signal application. I think it is a good growth area, and then some of the more complex development I think clearly the verification become a good opportunity for us. So, we are going dump down in some of those areas. I think, overall, I think the EDA too is so critical in the development, so I think on one hand they are reducing some of the R&D headcount, but in some areas they are increasing their budget because of new opportunity and some of the design they need to start to buy for the EDA solution to plan for developing the next generation products. So, I think there we have to generalize, but I think just that kind of picture that we paint.
Kevin Palatnik: Yeah, and Sterling if I could add, a couple of weeks back I went to a CFO roundtable for some Silicon Valley CFOs; very prominent companies in the valley and I asked a similar question as to in this downturn how do they manage that. I would say to a tee, many, many if not all of the CFOs said that their one priority was to protect R&D investment such that when the economy does turn around they have the right products and technology and so forth that they could capitalize on. In order, they set feet on the street that would probably take a trim, of course, infrastructure takes a trim but they really were trying to protect their R&D investment.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Okay. Lip-Bu, given your long history looking at investing in semiconductor industry, what are the things that you are really kind of keeping an eye on that would suggest to you that people are excited about some of the inventory replenish that we are seeing now, but what are some of the signs that you are going to key on to say, "now, we are finally on much better footing and we should see relatively stable improvement from here in terms of the semi industry which is your primary end market?"
Lip-Bu Tan: Good question. Let me share a little bit from what I know traveling and visiting customer. Clearly, as I mentioned earlier, the foundries clearly see a pick up, clearly some of them is rush order because of inventory, and then some are new products and small sub stainable. So, I think it is very encouraging to see the major four foundries. They have nice pick up in terms of capacity, and for this one fine are looking for. Then secondly, some of the good company, actually back to Kevin's point, instead of cutting back the headcount in R&D, actually they are increasing reinvesting because in the down cycle when they come back they will be well positioned to take advantage of that. So, I think we see a couple of our customers are doing that. In terms of the area that we see opportunity as I mentioned earlier, chip I think very complex and more dense and the verification debugging, and validation become very challenging, usually a [pin cry] from the customers point of view. Clearly, there is a lot of application in the video related area. I think we see tremendous growth area, and also across the board, there is a lot of multi-core processor development for applications in broadcast and the secure network related and in the mobile infrastructure related. So, we see some really nice pick up in those areas.
Lip-Bu Tan: Welcome. With that, thank you everyone for calling in this afternoon. As I say, we make good progress thus far. Cadence continued to strengthen our relationship with customer to delivery of innovative solution on powerful new technology while we continue to improve our execution. We intend to work hard over the next few months to keep up the trend. In the next few weeks, Kevin will be out to meet investor, while I will be off to see many more customers and partners. We look forward to speaking with you soon, and thank you again for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence Design Systems first quarter 2009 conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Jordan - Corporate VP of IR Lip-Bu Tan - President and CEO Kevin Palatnik - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Rich Valera - Needham & Company Raj Seth - Cowen and Company Matt Petkun - Davidson & Company K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ciara and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems fourth quarter 2008 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Jennifer Jordan, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Jordan: Thank you, Ciara, and welcome to our earnings conference call for the fourth quarter of 2008. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, www.cadence.com, and will be archived for one week. With me today are Lip-Bu Tan, President and CEO and Kevin S. Palatnik, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our Form 10-K for the period ended December 29, 2007, our Form 10-Q for the period ended September 27, 2008, the company's future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the cautionary statements regarding forward-looking statements in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present some certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Investors and potential investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures with their most direct comparable GAAP financial results, including those set forth in our press release of February 4, 2009, for the quarter ended January 3, 2009. A copy of this press release and financial tables can be found in the Investor Relations portion of our website at www.cadence.com. Lip-Bu?
Lip-Bu Tan: Thank you, Jennifer. Good afternoon, everyone. Let me begin by saying I'm delighted to be speaking to you as President and CEO of Cadence, and I am looking forward to getting out and meeting many of you this month. Let me first comment on the semiconductor environment. Even the strongest of our customers are facing challenges in this economy. Despite this, I believe the challenges in the environment present opportunities for those who are best positioned, and Cadence is on solid ground. We have $568 million of cash and cash equivalent on our balance sheet, a strong committed executive team, talented employees and a stable installed base. In 2008, we refreshed each of our major software platforms. Cadence is unique in the breadth and depth of the solution it supplies. Furthermore, we made significant changes last year, which are already beginning to benefit our business. First, the transition to a 90/10 license mix is well on its way. In the fourth quarter, the ratable mix exceeded 85%. Second, as announced in November, we initiated a reduction in force that is expected to lower total costs and expenses by at least $150 million on the annualized basis. Finally, we realigned our strategy to leverage the strengths of our core business and streamline the research and development organization accordingly. When I visit customers across the board, they have told me that Cadence is the crucial technology partner and they are relying on us to help them maximize the productivity of their design teams, particularly in this environment. These customers' feedbacks support my experience working with our sales, marketing and engineering teams and teach me high degree of confidence in our competitive position. For example, one of our new customers recently made a decision to go with Cadence for their next design flow on the recommendation of a leading foundry partner, who told the customer, "Cadence has the most stable and matured digital design flow for 45 and 40-nanometer." This is the best type of endorsement. Cadence offers the most complete solution for low-power design. Our leadership is based on the customer success and the expertise of the Cadence team. Cadence customers have reported more than 100 successful tape-outs using the Cadence low-power solution. Indicative of the interest in our solution, there has been over 3,500 downloads of power forward initiatives, low-power guide. Our expert methodology service team plays a vital role in helping customers get up to speed on low-power design. Faraday collaborated with Cadence to build a low-power mobile platform design methodology, based on the new and counter digital implementation system. Faraday successfully taped out 10 chips on this flow in 2008, and in 2009 intends to run 300 chip designs through it. Recent product upgrades are driving momentum for our digital flow. ST microelectronics, for example, has significantly increased their usage of the Encounter Digital Implementation System and is deploying it for 55, 40, 32 nanometer SoC. In addition to upgrading the install base, the Encounter Power System has had 16 competitive wins since the release in October 2008. During the fourth quarter, a major Graphic Processor Company replaced another EDA vendor solutions with the Encounter Power Solution System. In addition, we continue to gain traction in front-end design. This represents an opportunity for Cadence to grow its business over the next few years. RTL compiler, our synthesis product, now has over 440 customers, while the Encounter Timing System has over 150 customers. Conformal ECO Adoption is also growing. This differentiated product allows customers to capture engineering change order information during the design process and helps reduce design cycle time. Verification continues to be number one risk for customer both in terms of direct costs and opportunity costs. Consequently we see a strong demand for our differentiated solution and we will continue to invest to grow our business. The Open Verification Methodology, or OVM, has built momentum with over 6200 users, more than 50 industry panels and nearly 15,000 downloads as of the fourth quarter. OVM helps drive 36 replacements of competitive solution in 2008.  Cadence has also taken the lead in enabling design and IP reuse by providing broadest portfolio of Verification IP in the industry. The use of Verification IP to validate both Standard IP and proprietary designs increased designer productivity and reduced design cost significantly.  During the fourth quarter, we further expanded our Verification IP portfolio, adding support for the USB 3.0, PCI Express 3.0, high-speed protocols as well as the emerging Mobile Industry Processor Interface MIPISM. Related to IP, our ChipEstimate.com IP ecosystem was recognized with the 2009 DesignVision Award in the Semiconductor IP category by the International Engineering Consortium DesignVision Awards recognize technologies, applications, products and solutions just to be the most unique and beneficial to the Semiconductor Industry.  ChipEstimate.com brings together IP and manufacturing process information from more than 200 IP suppliers and foundries. More than 20,000 users access this information in conjunction with Cadence tools to do their early chip planning and include 80,000 estimations of performance and cost of potential design. High capital budget impacted hardware emulation sales in the latter part of 2008. Even so, Cadence added 20 new customers during the year including several in the fourth quarter. Engineers are finding the need for earlier debug and earlier software development and a demand for predictable, reliable, verification are outpacing the capabilities of alternative methodologies. For an increasing number of customers, hardware emulation is the most cost effective and productive means to address these challenges. For example, Novafora, a startup company working on a video processor with several millions gates, are able to bring up their design on Palladium and discover significant architecture bugs before even committing to silicon, doing it in two to three weeks with Palladium, what would take two to three months with FPGA prototyping. Other customers, including leading data storage and hard disk drive manufacturers, in Q4 are finding that using incisive software extensions with Palladium for hardware and software debug dramatically improves their productivity and reduces the debug time again from months to weeks. Palladium Dynamic Power Analysis solution and C-to-Silicon compiler were each named finalists in their respective category of the design analysis and the design creation for the 2008 EDN Design Innovation Award. Turning to custom market segment, Cadence leads the analog mixed signal domain. We expect to expand our leadership position with innovative new solutions. The latest release of the Virtuoso 6 series is receiving excellent reviews from the customer. 45 customers are using the latest generation Virtuoso in full production today, with over 70 reported tape-outs and more than 20 of these customers are working at 45-nanometer and beyond. A major European semiconductor company reported a 33% increase in gain in productivity using Virtuoso 6.1, compared to older Virtuoso 5.4.1 platform. We have also made good progress with our foundry partners on the process development kits, or PDKs, for Virtuoso 6. Currently, there are 29 PDKs available for a full range of processors down to 32 nanometers. This level of ecosystem support is indicative of our unparalleled experience in custom design. In circuit simulations, we added new technology to our Virtuoso Multi-Mode Simulation solution, generating excellent customer response. Over 100 customers have adopted Spectre with Turbo technology for circuit simulation since its release. Turbo technology speeds simulation run-time, while preserving Spice accuracy. Customers also report significantly increasing their productivity with our new Accelerated Parallel Stimulator, or APS, for multi-core compute platform. APS improves convergence and capacity for designs with hundreds of thousands of transistors, reducing design and verification time from weeks to hours in most cases.  In summary, while environment is extremely difficult for our customer, this also represents opportunity for Cadence. Customers increasingly rely on Cadence products and people as extension of their own teams. This is a growing demand for us to provide complete solution to help our customers improving productivity, predictability and reliability of their design process in order to compete more effectively into this market. I believe that when we do the right things for our customers, we do the right things for our business and consequently for our shareholders.  Now, Kevin will take you through the financials.
Kevin Palatnik:  Thanks Lip-Bu. First, I will provide our results for Q4 and the full year 2008 and then provide our outlook for 2009. Results for the company's key operating metrics for Q4 were total revenue of $227 million, non-GAAP operating margin of a negative 9% and operating cash flow of $33 million. For the full year 2008, total revenue was $1.039 billion, non-GAAP operating margin was a negative 3% and operating cash flow was $70 million. Orders totaled approximately $790 million for 2008 and year end backlog was approximately $1.8 billion.  We’re making good progress with the transition to a 90/10 ratable mix. As Lip-Bu said, over 85% of orders booked in Q4 were ratable. Weighted average contract life was consistent with our target range of three to four years. In Q4, we recorded a GAAP loss per share of $6.57. Included in this result was a charge of $5.47 related to the impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and fixed assets.  For the full year 2008, we recorded a GAAP loss per share of $7.29. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes the impairment charges among other items, we recorded a loss of $0.04 per share in Q4 2008. For the year 2008, we also recorded a non-GAAP loss per share of $0.04. Total revenue for the fourth quarter was $227 million. Product revenue was $94 million, maintenance revenue was $98 million and services revenue was $35 million. Revenue for the year 2008, totaled $1.039 billion. Revenue mix by geography for Q4 was 45% for the Americas, 22% for Europe, 18% for Japan and 15% for Asia. Total cost and expenses on a non-GAAP basis for Q4 were $247 million, a decrease of 14% when compared with Q4 of 2007. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q4 was a negative 9%. Quarter and headcount was approximately 4,900, keep in mind though that due to regulatory requirements, the previously announced reductions did not become effective for our San Jose workforce until after the close of the fourth quarter. Operating cash flow for Q4 was $33 million and $70 million for the year 2008. Total DSOs for Q4 increased to 182 days from 174 days in Q3, as a result of high receivables balance and lower revenue. However, the quality of receivables continues to remain high with less than 1% of receivables more than 90 days past due. Capital expenditures for 2008 totaled $97 million. This amount includes the completion of our new engineering building in San Jose. Cash and cash equivalents were $568 million at year end, with the majority of our cash and cash equivalents invested in AAA-rated money market funds, with over 50% allocated to money market funds that invest exclusively in US government obligations. Now I will turn to our outlook for Q1 ’09 and the full year 2009. For Q1 2009, we expect revenue to be in the range of $200 million to $210 million. Q1 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of a negative 20% to a negative 18%. GAAP EPS for the first quarter is expected to be in the range of a loss of $0.33 to a loss of $0.31 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of a loss of $0.13 to a loss of $0.11. Operating cash flow for Q1 is expected to be in the range of a negative $20 million to a negative $15 million. However, it includes severance payments in the amount of $30 million. For the full year 2009, we expect revenue to be in the range of $830 million to $870 million. Order levels for 2009 are expected to be in the range of $800 million to $850 million, resulting in a year-end 2009 backlog of approximately $1.8 billion. For 2009, we expect weighted average contract life to be in the range of three to four years. For the seasonal revenue pattern in 2009, we expect to generate 23% to 25% of annual revenue in Q1, 23% to 26% in Q2, 24% to 27% in Q3 and 24% to 28% in Q4. GAAP EPS for 2009 should be in the range of a loss of $0.99 to a loss of $0.87 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of a loss of $0.36 to a loss of $0.24. We expect non-GAAP operating margin to be in the range of a negative 12% to a negative 10% on an annual basis for 2009. Non-GAAP other income and expense for 2009 is expected to be in the range of a negative $5 million to a negative $3 million, primarily due to lower interest income. For the full year 2009, we expect to be breakeven for operating cash flow, including severance payments of approximately $40 million. We expect DSOs to be approximately 150 days at year-end 2009. Capital expenditures for 2009 are expected to be in the range of $40 million to $50 million, a decrease of approximately $30 million from a historical run rate. In summary, the global economic crisis in which we now operate is unprecedented in recent history and is affecting nearly all sectors of the economy. While it is a tough environment for our customers, we believe that we are taking the right steps to position Cadence for the future. We believe our competitive position and financial position are sound, our transition to a 90/10 ratable mix is the right move for long-term value and we are highly focused on operating efficiency. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question will come from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome aboard, Lip-Bu. If you could give, maybe, the revenue signature of your backlog, Kevin you talked about expecting the one, you have $1.8 billion of backlog entering 2009. Can you give us a sense of how that you expect to recognize that over the next couple of years, or how much you expect to recognize in 2009 specifically?
Kevin Palatnik: Rich, at this time we are really waiting for the model to be a bit more stable, more mature before we start disclosing coverage for the following year. We'd probably need a couple more quarters for that maturity to happen.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Okay. This is probably just a different way of asking the same question, but how about the percentage of ratable bookings you would expect for the year? You know, you said you are, I guess, 85% for the fourth quarter. Do you expect to be at or approaching 90% for all of 2009?
Kevin Palatnik: I expect given the skew of our business it's typically in the back half. I think, by that time we should achieve a 90/10 mix.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: By the back half, you'd, so for the full year maybe not quite seeing that?
Kevin Palatnik: Very close to it, but not exactly 90/10, that's correct.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Okay. That's helpful. And then just wanted to talk about the expense side of things and how you achieve, you talked before about a target operating margin, at some point, I believe, of 25%. And just wanted to get a sense of, obviously we can't predict of any precision maybe when that happens, but what kind of revenue level do you think you need to get to, to hit that and when you could achieve it, because it seems like if you have roll out the model even to 2011, very tough to get to that kind of op margin unless there was another maybe round of expense cut. So I just wanted to know how you're thinking about achieving these kind of 20% plus type of op margin targets.
Kevin Palatnik: So Rich, when we announced the new model in July of last year to the 90/10, a lot of folks did ask about when do you achieve a normalized bookings in revenue number? And the response we gave was, it's going to take three to four years to transition through this model. So middle of 2011 into 2012, that's when we really believe we can be above the 20 plus percent operating margins. It's going to take that time, if you will, to establish that stable model and achieve those margins.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: And you think you can do that with your current cost structure which presumably would -- once you obviously you haven’t hit the cost base you're looking for and you will in a couple of quarters, but presumably you'll actually see some expense growth from that level just due to the natural inflationary cost increases. Is that sort of how you are thinking about it?
Kevin Palatnik : Yes. When we announced the restructuring in Q4, which as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're well on track with in both headcount and expense. The analysis that supported that did not focus solely on 2009. It was based on a longer term view, and so couple that with achieving somewhat stability in the model, we believe we can get to those margins in 2011, 2012 timeframe.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great. And, one more and then I'll yield the floor. But, could you give any color on 2010. You've talked about 2009 being the trough of the bookings sort of cycle for you with 2010 being presumably meaningfully stronger. Is there any kind of color at this point you'd be willing to give in terms of how much better 2010 bookings might be relative to 2009?
Kevin Palatnik : Yes. I still believe that the renewal cycle in 2010 is stronger than 2009. However, I think we both agree that there is a tremendous amount of uncertainty in the economy today and frankly our customers also lack the visibility to go out that far. So we don’t believe it make sense at this time to give an estimate. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Fair enough. Okay, thank you for taking the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company: Hi, thanks. First Lip-Bu, let me offer my congratulations on your appointment. I'm curious, if you sort of abstract away from the details, just philosophically, how you think about M&A here. Your predecessor had an apparent bias towards internal development excluding [Veracity] you didn’t do any M&A. How do you think about that in the context of what's going on weekend startups et cetera, perhaps a comment or two there?
Lip-Bu Tan: Raj thank you so much. First of all, let me address your question. We would be very focused on enhancing shareholder value. And for me right now the priority is focused on looking closely with the customer, and then focus on our core competence, and then really focus on execution and accountability, and we are open in exploring options to enhance our product offering, but I think at this time we kind of really focus on the execution. 
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company: And conversely as you think about getting things back on track, are there areas of the business that you might consider divesting yourselves of that aren’t core. Have you gone through that exercise yet?
Lip-Bu Tan: Right. To answer your question, first of all, I'm quite heavily involved leading with the engineering development team to look at our product offering and portfolios, and we’re going to continue monitoring those developments and then focus on the area that we are really strong at, and that we have leadership and then the area that we need to focus at this time, I think, we are not going to be specific, and I think we’re right now continuing reviewing and monitoring that.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company: Okay. And the last one for Kevin, Kevin I know you were asked this in the previous question, but last quarter, you did give some indications about suggesting backlog coverage into ’08 without maybe repeating all those numbers. Has anything changed, has there been a material change and whatever it was you’re expecting last quarter to now?
Kevin Palatnik: Nothing changed, it may have slightly improved a bit.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Matt Petkun with Davidson & Company.
Matt Petkun - Davidson & Company: Kevin, on the last call, l I believe you said and obviously that was a quarter past, but that bookings for next, for this current year 2009, are expected to be 800 to 900 million. You are now within that that range, but at the lower end. What’s changed in that number?
Kevin Palatnik: Yeah. Matt that’s right, we did grow with guidance of 800 to 900 on a preliminary basis, and again you’re going to hear this common theme about uncertainty. We experience it, our customers experience it. So we did tighten the range to 800 to 850. Most of that tightening was in the second half of that year, of 2009 obviously, and therefore from a revenue standpoint, we really didn’t change anything in revenue in the range, in the midpoint of the range, if you will. But, we see more uncertainty in the second half, so we did tighten it up a bit.
Matt Petkun - Davidson & Company: Okay. And then in the deals that you are signing this year. Can you give any rough numbers in terms of the average term of these deals?
Kevin Palatnik: Yes. We still see three to four years, our experience coming out of Q4. We did see some smaller companies' contract a bit, but frankly it was so small, it didn’t move the needle, we’re still in the three to four range.
Matt Petkun - Davidson & Company: Okay. And then to get back to the previous caller's question, not previous but a few callers ago. I think the street's really grappling with the normalized bookings level for Cadence. Even in this more uncertain time, I think people are trying to understand what normalized bookings look like. And as you conduct a bit of a postmortem over the previous management situation and you look at the bookings that we enjoyed in 2007, is it safe to say what we all assume which is that there was a fair amount of deal pull-ins and that really that’s what's extending the bookings, extending the trough for bookings into theoretically 2011?
Kevin Palatnik: Yes, Matt, so I did talk about a trough in the last call. I think the best way to approximate the normalized bookings number would be to look back over the last three to five years of implied bookings, we didn’t give that guidance, but you can get there given revenues public and backlogs in our K. That would be a good approximate for a normalized bookings number.
Matt Petkun - Davidson & Company: Okay. I guess that’s why we’re talking about hoping for a snapback. Just finally, the last question would be, on the renewals that you are seeing or deals that are coming up for renewal. Are you seeing a lower percentage hit rate of, say term deals that are of falling off or percentage of customers coming back on or reducing prices or reducing seats any specific trends in the business that is out there?
Kevin Palatnik: Yes, I think generally the close rate hasn’t changed that much. I mean customers are spending a little bit more time qualifying EDA vendors, but as Lip-Bu described in the prepared comments, I mean our product portfolio is probably the best it's ever been and we're competing head on, we're doing very well. So again from a Q4 to Q1 look ahead, we see close rates about the same.
Matt Petkun - Davidson & Company: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Kevin Palatnik: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of K.C. Rajkumar with RBC Capital Markets.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, guys. Could you comment on the base of no transition to 40 and 32-nanometer has the base for 40 picked up as falloff, how are the trends looking?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. K.C., I am sorry, you broke up a little bit. Can you repeat the question?
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Yes. My question was on the base of no transition to 40 and 32 nanometers. Is the number of tape-outs per quarter that you guys are seeing, is it increasing, holding flat or dropping off?
Lip-Bu Tan: Yes. Clearly I think first of all, K.C. in some of the design, in some of the 40-nanometer and below, in some of that, it's trending down and clearly see a little bit slowing down on that, but I think that increasing the design complexity. And so, I think that way plays into our strength in terms of provide the solution for them to differentiate their design and make them more competitive. So I think you really see it as opportunity for us.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Secondly, is it possible to give us a rough idea as to your top line's exposure to the various node, I mean what fraction of your revenues can you estimate comes from the leading edge, what fraction from the mid notes?
Kevin Palatnik: K. C., frankly, I don't have that breakout at this point. It's something I can look forward on and potentially get back to you on it.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. When I look at your cash flow statements, I find that the sale of receivables has apparently gotten slower than last quarter. Do you expect that trend to continue into Q1 or do you expect the sale to pick up?
Kevin Palatnik: No. As we talked about in our Q3 call and I'll repeat it again today, our sale of receivables, going forward, I mean, both given the credit markets and our own, if you will, practice where it make sense to sell receivables, where there are low discount rates, we will do that particularly in the Japan region, but going forward the numbers are going to come way down.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And lastly, there are a couple of large tax items on both of your income sheet as well as the cash flow. Can you explain those items please?
Kevin Palatnik: K. C. I'm sorry I didn't hear, there was large number of what?
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Tax items, tax.
Kevin Palatnik: Okay. You want to be specific on the balance sheet.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Yes. There is the tax item on the income sheet that is $200 million and there are items on the cash flow of about $220 million. Can you explain where they are from?
Kevin Palatnik : Yeah, sure. So the 200 is related to evaluation allowance that we did. Okay, the evaluation allowance picks up NOLs and tax credits that are called the deferred tax assets, DTAs. And so, based on the accounting rules effectively, we had to write those down because we are experiencing cumulative losses. From an economic standpoint, it doesn't imply that we can't use those, because that cumulative losses can turn around. But we had to revalue, if you will, those DTAs and write them down.
K.C. Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Yeah, thanks. Hi, guys. Kevin, can you give us some description on the renewal experience in the quarter in terms of the renewals that you got, the dollars that they are signing up for versus the last contract, especially in light of all the headcount reductions that are going on in the semiconductor industry?
Kevin Palatnik : Yeah. So, Sterling, Q4 to Q3 from an economy standpoint, from a general customer standpoint, I think there are significant differences. However, in Q4 and these are part of the metrics we are looking at, we did see slight improvements in what I'll call run rate. Okay, that was our experience for Q4 and we'll see what happens in Q1.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Okay. And then on the expense and the restructuring, can you walk us through how we should think about the expenses coming out of the structure, because if I look at the guidance, if you are 200 to 210 in revenue for the first quarter, 18% to 20% loss on operating margins, it seems to imply that your total expenses are going to be once again somewhere around $240 million or so, doesn’t seem to be much of a sequential change. How should we think about the expenses not only in the first quarter, but then as we move forward through the year?
Kevin Palatnik: Yeah, Sterling, whenever we start the New Year, Q1, Q2 payroll taxes and the like are so much front end loaded, they start over again. If you take Q4 expense to Q4 of '09 expense, you should see another 4% to 5% reduction. And by that time, we'll be fully through the restructuring. We are about half way through right now both in North America and around the world.  As we said in the last call, it would probably take us through the end of the first half to work through all of the work councils around the world. But, we should see from expense benefit another 3% to 5% from the Q4 numbers.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: All right. Thank you.
Kevin Palatnik: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Fox of Deutsche Bank.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Good afternoon. Lip-Bu I was just wondering if you could give us some of your feedback from early discussion with customers, some are related to what Sterling was asking about, the massive layoffs that we are seeing, out of the NEC and others. What has been the overall view of customers regarding R&D, headcount and design activity, do you see any sign that there is going to be an extension of design or product cycles that might actually delay the renewal visibility that you might have into '09?
Lip-Bu Tan: Sure. Tim thanks so much for your question. So first of all I think the -- by visiting some of the key customers for us and general feedback is now, the visibility are low for them, and especially in the consumer electronics area it's kind of hard hit. And the medical and some of the infrastructure side Tim, relatively better, and so I think overall in our feedback is it's a very tough environment. And clearly that’s the environment we’re working in and in terms of the R&D, they tend to be more focused now and in term of their product development, and they are more targeted and in term of the headcount, clearly there are some reduction, and some are already happening in Japan and some of in US.  And then, in term of the product focus, and it tends to really play into our opportunity for us -- is that now that we're more focused on time to market and also the productivity and on first time pass, and that’s why the deep partnership with the customer had become critical. Our engineering and our sales team are really in front of our customer to help them to identify the area that we can really help them to design better and more quickly and more cost effective to the market. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you. And for Kevin, two quick ones, just circling back to the order guidance for the year, is there a way that we can think about what level of that 850 is based on almost entirely renewals at this point. Are you anticipating any turns business in that number or any share gains, just to give us some kind of sensitivity around the visibility in that order flow?
Kevin Palatnik: Thanks Tim. So the ranges we discussed, 800 to 850 tight – a little bit more tight in the second half of the year, our business is primarily dependent on renewals and we’ve talked about in the past, the trough that we are experiencing. I think let me stop there. Yes, let me stop there. Or could you repeat your question, I’m sorry Tim. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Yes. Essentially what we are looking at. Of that 800 to 850 how much of that are you seeing as coverage from the kind of very visible renewals or is there anything on top of that incremental business that you’re looking to do and or market share gains or is that kind of a pure renewal view?
Kevin Palatnik: It’s primarily a pure renewal view. We don’t expect significant market segment share shifts in the near term. If you look I think over history, market segment share shifts have been in the one to three to maybe 5% range. So in the short-term it’s primarily a renewal base.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. And lastly you may have mentioned this but I don’t know if I missed it, the tax rate -- non-GAAP tax rate for ’09, anything changing there?
Kevin Palatnik : No change, 26%.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: 26%. Thank you.
Kevin Palatnik: Thank you.
Lip-Bu Tan: Well, thank you everyone for calling in this afternoon, I believe that Cadence technology portfolio and our competitive position are strong. We have a steady pipeline of new technology in production for 2009, while it is a tough environment for our customers. We are taking the right steps to position Cadence for the future. Finally, I'm looking forward to meeting many of you in the upcoming weeks. Thank you.
Kevin Palatnik:  Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cadence fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Jordan - VP of IR Mike Fister, President and CEO Kevin Palatnik - SVP and CFO 
Analysts: Rich Valera- Needham & Company Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Eric Kobahashi-Salome Terence Whalen - Citigroup Doug Rudisch - Brookside Capital Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Teresa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the 2008 Q2 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Ms. Jordan, you may begin your conference.
Jennifer Jordan: Thank you, Teresa, and welcome to our earnings conference call for the second quarter of 2008. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, www.cadence.com and will be archived for one week. With me today are Michael Fister, President and CEO; and Kevin Palatnik, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements, and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our 10-K for the period ended March 29, 2007 and our 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2008. The information set forth under the headings cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements and important information in the earnings press release issued today. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that, in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to an earnings press release for discussion of non-GAAP measures, and to both our earnings press release and our website for reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures used in today's discussion. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mike Fister.
Mike Fister: Thanks, Jennifer. Good afternoon to everyone has joined us on today's call. I'll begin today's call with some high level comments on the quarter, our business as a whole, and also provide a brief update on our proposal to acquire Mentor Graphics. Then I will turn the call over to Kevin, who will go into more detail in the numbers in our outlook. Revenue for Q2 was $329 million, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.14. Key business highlights for the quarter include testimonials from several major customers, as well as the announcement of new technology for the systems software space. Matsushita is deploying Virtuoso 6.1 for both its advance and legacy process nodes. Renesas publicly endorsed our solution for integrated statistical timing and optimization, and are recently followed up with an announcement that they have adopted SoC encounter for their largest and most complex advanced chips. Broadcom recently increased its capacity using the latest play in three technology, and told us that the palladium n-circuit emulation and Ethernet speed bridge adapters have been key to the system validation efforts for market-leading Ethernet switch products. This quarter we announced a C-to-Silicon Compiler, which helps customers reduce iterations between system specification and design implementation, and improved designer productivity for IP creation and reuse. Hitachi and Renesas both provided input into the technology, and are now using it successfully. Although we achieved our Q2 numbers, and had a number of successes with our customers and new technology releases, it was challenging. The impact is slowing and the price conscious economic environment exceeds what we originally anticipated. Customers are demanding even more flexibility in when, what, and how they purchase software and hardware. Many of our customers are facing uncertainty, or outright slowdowns, in their businesses. Others are choosing to amortize current technology investments, staying with the same process nodes and methodologies longer. This means new design methodologies using our advanced products are slower to migrate from high-end to gain broad proliferation in the main stream. This invariably puts greater risk into our ability to do incremental business in the second half. And yet other customers are demanding greater flexibility in terms and access due to market conditions in order to close business. As a result, we made the difficult but necessary decision to lower our outlook, and transition to an approximately 90% rateable license mix. We believe this transition will enable to us keep our focus on the value of our technology, and this decision is the right one for our business over the long-term and for building sustaining strong customer relationships in the future. Cadence's fundamentals are intact. We have strong customer relationships around the world, and continue to maintain our share of customer spend. We continue to make investments in research and development, and have a robust pipeline of technology. Product rollouts are on track, we'll introduce some of these CDNLive! in September. We have a talented team committed to the long-term success of our business. Now I would like to take a moment to update you regarding our proposal to acquire Mentor Graphics. As you know, on June 17th, we publicly disclosed our all cash proposal to acquire all the outstanding shares of Mentor Graphics for $16 per share. We continue to believe that our proposal is extremely compelling for the Mentor Graphics shareholders. Our proposal provides them with the unique opportunity to realize with certainty a significant cash premium value for their investment in Mentor Graphics. It remains our preference to work cooperatively with Mentor Graphics to complete the acquisition. Although we have not had discussions with Mentor Graphics concerning our acquisition proposal, we continue to communicate to them and their advisors, both privately and publicly, and we want to meet with them immediately to begin substantive discussions regarding our proposal. That said, we remain committed to the transaction, and are moving this process forward on several fronts. We have commenced the regulatory process and filed the require HSR notices with the US regulatory authorities. We remain confident that proposed transaction will receive all necessary governmental approvals. Additionally, as of July 11th, Cadence has acquired, through open market transactions, approximately 4.3 million shares of Mentor Graphics. This represents approximately 4.7% of the Mentor's outstanding common stock. We're confident that our HSR filing and ownership stake in Mentor Graphics demonstrate our commitment to this transaction. We're also in the process of working with our financial advisors to structure the permanent financing for the transaction on the most attractive terms available to us. And let me reiterate that our proposal is not subject to any financing conditions. We continue to believe strongly in this acquisition, and we will do what makes sense for us and our shareholders in making this combination a reality. I will now turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Palatnik: Thanks, Mike. Results for our key operating metrics for Q2 were total revenue of $329 million, non-GAAP operating margin of 15%, and operating cash flow of $77 million. GAAP earnings per share for Q2 was $0.02, compared to $0.20 for Q2 of 2007. Non-GAAP earnings per share for Q2 was $0.14, compared to $0.30 for Q2 of 2007. Total revenue for the second quarter was $329 million, compared to $391 million for Q2 of 2007, a decrease of 16%. Product revenue was $195 million, maintenance revenue was $100 million, and services revenue was $34 million. Revenue mix by geography in Q2 was 49% for the Americas, 21% for Europe, 18% for Japan, and 12% for Asia. Total cost and expenses on a non-GAAP basis for Q2 were $280 million, flat when compared to Q2 of 2007. Non-GAAP operating margin for Q2 was 15%, and quarter-end headcount was approximately 5,100. Total DSOs for Q2 decreased to 139 days from 176 days in Q1, and quality receivables remains high, with less than 1% of receivables 90 days past due. Operating cash flow for Q2 was $77 million, compared to $101 million for the second quarter of 2007. Capital expenditures for Q2 were $36 million. Cadence did not repurchase any common stock in Q2, and approximately $412 million remains under our current stock repurchase authorization. Cash and cash equivalents were $837 million at quarter-end. Now, I will turn to our outlook for Q3 and the year. The outlook reflects the shift to a 90% ratable mix, and lower business levels for the remainder of the year. For Q3, we expect revenue to be in the range of $235 million to $245 million. GAAP EPS should be in the range of a loss of $0.25 to $0.27, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of a loss of $0.09 to $0.11. For the year 2008, we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.12 billion to $1.14 billion. We expect year-end backlog to be approximately $2 billion with order levels at approximately $1.1 billion. For 2008, we expect weighted average contract life to be in the range of three to four years. We expect to be breakeven for the non-GAAP operating margin on an annual basis for 2008. GAAP EPS should be in the range of a loss of $0.50 to $0.54, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of a positive $0.01 to $0.05. Other income for 2008 should be in the range of $12 million to $16 million. For 2008, we expect to generate operating cash flow of approximately $175 million, down from our prior estimate of $300 million, due primarily to lower business levels and to a lesser extent fewer receivable sales. We expect DSOs to be approximately 125 days at the close of 2008. Capital expenditures for 2008 should be in the range of $70 million, with an additional $37 million for work to complete our new engineering building. I know it is hard to analyze this software company when it goes through this kind of transition because of the impact the ratable mix has on revenue and operating margin. Although it is too early to provide specifics on 2009 guidance, I do want to provide some insight for operating cash flow. Our preliminary look at operating cash flow for 2009 suggests that it will be approximately $250 million, with less than 10% coming from receivable sales. Looking forward, our strategy is to continue to leverage EDA cards. Customers, large and small, continue to embrace our EDA cards as a preferable sale and delivery mechanism for our software. We expect to change to a high ratable mix to contain an increased proportion of platinum cards, as well some as ratable gold cards. One final point, I believe the reduction in our outlook, and the move to a higher ratable mix is the right change for the business, as we look to the environment and our customer base. Going forward, we'll have more flexibility to provide the right solution to customers when they need it and value it appropriately. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Rich Valera.
Rich Valera- Needham & Company: Hi. Good afternoon. I guess I will start off with just on the Mentor acquisition. When you proposed that deal, you talk about a leverage ratio of 2.5 X based on trailing cash flow of the combined companies. Obviously with your new forward projections, your cash flow in '08 and probably '09 are going to be significantly less than they were in '07, which gives you a very different leverage ratio. I guess the question is, do you still feel like you can support additional $1.1 billion of debt, and at what kind of terms could you support that debt to make the offer?
Kevin Palatnik: Hi, Rich, this is Kevin. With the model shift the appropriate metric going forward is operating cash flow, and the strong cash flow from the combined operation will allow the business to deleverage fairly quickly. The $250 million that I gave for guidance for 2009 is on a standalone basis, and basically if we went to the markets for $1.1 billion in debt, we would be able to pay that back in approximately four years even before any adjustments or synergies based on the combo.
Rich Valera- Needham & Company: In terms of a rate, I think you talked about a rate of LIBOR plus, 150 points to 200 points. Do you still think that is a doable rate?
Kevin Palatnik: Rich, we're still working with our financial advisors to structure that financing in the most favorable terms for us, so probably won't get into specifics on LIBOR.
Rich Valera- Needham & Company: Okay. As far as the model transition that seems to make sense for the long-term, I guess the real question is on bookings. Last year you guys had a modestly positive book-to-bill which would have suggested bookings were around $1.6 billion level, and if I heard you correctly, you're talking about $1.1 billion of bookings this year, so that's obviously something that's not affected by a model transition and is really a function of the strength of your current business. Can you just talk about clearly a quarter ago, presumably you were expecting to do something on the order of $1.5 billion or so of bookings. So, did the environment deteriorate that quickly that your bookings outlook could have gone from $1.5 billion down to $1.1 billion in one quarter, or any color around that would be helpful?
Mike Fister:  Well, certainly the environment has deteriorated. I have been around the world almost everywhere in the last month, and even if you look at the spade of announcements from a variety of sources, not necessarily concentrated in the semiconductor industry, environment has gotten worse. I am struggling to find anybody who thinks that the second half is going to be strong, let alone hold up to where it was, and that's continuing to reach out into, not just the first half of '09, but the second half of '09. Certainly we're choosing to be conservative about our forecast. The mix change gives us the opportunity to have longer conversations with customers about value and it is consistent with the comments that I made about the three types of customers. Those are in outright stress of one type or another financially, those are deciding that their waterfall rights are just a little bit slower for proliferation, and those that are willing to do stuff, but probably at terms that we're not that interested in doing. Because, we're holding our line on what we think to proceed in real value of our technology is. And I don't know if that's in contrast with everybody else, but I know that's what we're going to do, so that's what led us to draw the conclusion that we did.
Rich Valera- Needham & Company: That's helpful. Thank you.
Mike Fister: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Mike, again, just to follow-up on that, you were expecting earlier in the year a big ramp in the revenue in Q3 and Q4, and I just want to get some more color on what were your assumptions that became different, because I think we have been in this environment for awhile, but what degraded? And again, I will say the same thing that, yes, things are bad, but I can't get from any semiconductor companies or any in the companies that things are gotten so much worse… what you're forecasting. Can you help us understand that a little bit more?
Mike Fister: I don't know if it's worse or better relative from the semiconductor conferencing. I can tell that you we are relative time discretion spend for them, especially for waterfall in new technology, and that's a conversion of bookings and bookings converted to revenue. I think that we could continue to go along and force some of the characteristics that we projected, but it is not going to be at the same value terms that we're really interested in doing, and I've always believed and I continue to believe that it's not in anybody's best interests, certainly ours, but even our customers to jam them with technology, extend the licenses forever, or extend contracts to infinity, to be able to drive any kind of reasonable bookings or revenue dynamic. And certainly, with the transparency of the model we had, we were making decisions about bookings-to-revenue conversion, and this makes it a lot simpler that we don't have to force that as much if we don't want to. So that's the combination of things that drives this. The customers, I think it is a Seminole that the customers are staying on old process nodes longer. Some may never move to 45-nanometers, and that's relatively recent and continuing to change, and even the ones that are doing it are sticking with older technologies that are not either more efficient, productive, or give the same kind of results, and just taking more risk in what they're doing. And that's the second change in the industry that has been nontraditional, some of them continue to evolve, some of them just continue to escalate at more rapid pace, but the pricing in the environment for the semiconductor manufacturers is only deteriorated and to some of them very drastically, the worst on the memory side, and the some of our customers have seen radical drops in either their inventory condition, their ability to drive pricing for their product or even to deliver it, and that those things have an impact on what we do.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Can you give us a little bit more color on what was the thought process in changing, going back to the 90% ratable model? You just recently went from 70% plus to 50% kind of, and now you're going back to 90. Can you walk us through some of your thought process in that?
Kevin Palatnik: Mahesh, this is Kevin. As Mike said, the environment as we exited Q2, the early Q3 proved much more challenging than we anticipated even though we successfully completed the quarter. With that as a back drop, it was our conclusion that moving to a more ratable mix will enable us to keep our focus on the value of our technology. We've talked about maintaining that value throughout the first half, and we believe that this further solidifies that.
Mike Fister: Certainly you can see based on the book of business that we have and what we convert, some companies that want to do more upfront and some that want to do more subscriptively, and it's largely a function of access to new technology and their own buying predisposition. I think we're in excellent shape to do that with the EDA card. It's an objective mechanism to talk about it. We're separated the access to new technology between gold and platinum, and that's a very nice farmable pool, so we already had that to as a way to exercise a ratability element for value. And rather than try to predict the absolute ratability dynamic even a quarter ago, we started to object obscure that. It's primarily ratable right now. That gives us maximum flexibility, something that some of the other customers are used to from competitive dynamic and that's what we'll do.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: And so, maybe you can help in a slightly different way, comparing the bookings from last year to this year. Can you give us an idea of how did the timing of renewal of your four top customers, was it heavily loaded last year and much lower this year, and how does that linearity work? So that's something we can use truly reconcile this discrepancy in your orders?
Mike Fister: I am not going to give you a lot of detail. I will tell you that in the last years we've had some very nice bookings from customers. You can imagine their consolidations are attractive to us, as well as to our customers, because they operate more efficiently. What you have to do since we're not going to give a lot of detail on the bookings and the construction of the backlog is value of the backlog and the average contract length, and that gives us the pool that we go and farm. It has been relatively consistent, Kevin gave you some metrics on where it's going to be, and I think that's a very nice pool to be able to go and at any time there is value in that and working these arrangements and the technology absorption with our customers longer, it gives us a better way to farm that pool.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, good afternoon. Mike, at your analyst meeting a few months ago management said the following, which was quote just doing consolidation in itself doesn't capture the value, and you went on to say that you have to be recognized as the causality of that value, end quote. So, I guess a couple of questions, which is why is it still proving to be so difficult, and granted, you have the environment for the company to be granted the recognition of what you believe to be the value of the software, and if you just look at your forecast for bookings this year, I assume $1.1 billion is total, so within the product only portion of that, we're looking at something like a 30% to 40% decline of bookings versus '07. That's a pretty significant disconnect, particularly versus even conservative estimates for R&D spending growth this year. So, I guess the question becomes how much is really the environment, versus just a GAAP or some discontinuity in terms of your current competitiveness and ability to get recognized for the value.
Mike Fister: I think it's time versus value. That's the equation. We have never lost a consolidation or decision has been made to consolidate to one person. I am pretty proud of that. I think that speaks reams for the technology. You still have a migration period from whatever their incumbent position is. One of our customers we have 160 some odd programs we helped them migrate over a year-and-a-half away from an incumbent digital position where they had to migrate those things, and they were still valuing the technology investment they made with that competitor over that timeframe of migration, so it isn't an instantaneous switch when you do that. It takes some time to do that and that's the business base that we build on when we do that. And so when you win one of those consolidations, the confidence of the customer to consolidate, it builds an excellent platform to build on top of, and you have got that time equation to be able to work through their technology pool, and so it is all pre-loading a business, and it also gives us a platform to expand on and up into the system space, that's why we mentioned the C-to-Silicon technology, down into the manufacturability spaces with the technologies that we have in lithography and mask that are just now really debuting themselves even though we've been piloting for more than a year, and so you get some time delay when you do that. In some respects, the momentum that we're talking about now is predictive about other consolidations that are in the pipeline and there are some, and they're back to Mahesh's question. Those are fruitful for us to go do. They're less about how fast the technology will proliferate into the mainstream. That is certainly going much, much slower. As I say it’s almost bifurcated into separating a smaller use of advanced technology only on the most complicated things, and trying to hang on as long as you can in the incumbent position, and in some respects it is good old-fashioned EDA 101 from 10 years back, I don't know much more than that, where people will go and try to play let's make a deal and we've been working on trying to show patience and value in that equation. That's trying to be considerate with our customers, and I know that that's our modus operandi. And so, we'll see how it turns out, but that time equation is huge, especially when you know that business is back ended in the quarter and in a year, and we said going into the year that a little bit of the hockey stick that people categorize of the second half. If it pushed in and out of this year would be big for us, because Q4 is our biggest cyclical quarter of the year and we're worried about that, and we're trying to be proactive in projecting that, and at the maximum case that amounts in a fair amount of conservatism, so that's how you get to the numbers we got to.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Couple questions about the model change, are you suggesting that had the environment and not deteriorated further from what you suggested earlier in the year that you would not have changed the model or you would have done it anyway? And secondly, what are the long-term advantages of any of anticipating longer durations? I mean, if you have an average of three to four years within the bookings that implies there are some deals that are going to be four to five years if not longer, so what are the long-term advantages or disadvantages of having some portion of the deals go out that long?
Mike Fister: Yeah. We're not in the middle of a model change. We obviously were confident that we can continue to sell through with our existing strategies and had a good pipeline to do that. The deterioration driving consideration of such a thing is a considered discussion with our customers, and I say it is real-time. We're going to do our best to try to hold the contract length, because I think that that's coherent with the nominal development cycle of products those tend to be two or three years. People are making those decisions intelligently. It is coherent with the length of technology projection that we do with the roadmaps. It is coherent with the development cycle for most of our product developments that we do. So we understand the pipeline of what we do. And I think it is the best for value, and I can see other trends that are trending out well beyond that where they don't have sophisticated mechanisms like EDA card that allow objective conversation, or whatever other reason they may be trying to drive technology and incumbency over a longer period and we're not going to do that. We're going to try to hold it. Now with some customers, it is a fact, some of our biggest customers are near the four-year kind of engagements, and when they have confidence in us and the roadmap and they make big commitments, it is hard to say, yeah, why not. I mean sure, we were doing it together, but that's why we're projecting average contract life every quarter. Kevin is reporting on it now, just like Bill had reported on it, and we're going to continue to do that. We use it as an active management mechanism to monitor what we're doing, not only the customer's utility of it, but the way we're driving those discussions with customers.
Kevin Palatnik: And Jay, I would add, from a mix change or model change, it really boils down to environment. We're very happy with the numbers we publish for Q2, but in those last few weeks the discussions with customers were very, very challenging, and as they took another look at their businesses in the second half, we had those conversations. We had on our plate both selling, I'd say, incremental technology, as well as renewals in the second half, and when discussing the potentials for that with our customers, it was pretty obvious that they wanted either more flexibility, or I'd say more challenging discussions around terms, so boiling it all down to an environmental change, that's really what caused us to move the model.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from [Eric Kobahashi-Salome]
Eric Kobahashi-Salome: Hi, thanks for taking my call. I think the points that I wanted to ask have been touched on already. One thing, I spent a long time talking with your team about the EDA cards and the way the EDA card rollout was explained to me was that customers who are actually using the technology faster and that you had greater visibility into technology used by your customers. And so, I guess I am just feeling a bit amazed that, in terms of disconnect, by the rest of your guidance as well, in light of what seemed to me kind of incredible strategy.
Mike Fister: All true, but do remember EDA cards do have a term life to those as well. Those are kind of three-year engagements, so some statistics for you, I think 43% of the customers in the current statistics use them faster than expected, and 70% use them equally or faster than expected. That's great. Over that three-year period, and if you go back and track through our Analyst Day, you will see that we showed how that stacks over time, and amounts to not only using the technology value of the card up sooner, but probably building on in a bigger way. But you still got to get near the end of the term to be able to do that, so if the card length was three years, and they use it up in two and three quarters years, or two-and-a-half years, you still got to get to the two-and-a-half years. Second fact, we started doing the things about two years ago, and so the end of '08 is when we start to see some of the first renewals of those things and really stagger into the beginning of '09, if you look at the momentum of them as we reported it, and so we've got good objective data looking at the utilization, and we're just beginning and really coming into the end of year, looking at the re-up rate those things, both in timing and value. I think we have a lot of confidence that they are going to get used faster and hopefully be of equal value, and we have some confidence that in many cases they're going to get subscribed for more value the second time, which is coherent with what we said at Analyst Day. So we need to get through another six months or so, maybe nine, to really see to get two quarters worth of stuff to make a trend, but what I am confident in is that the conversations we have with customers are more objective and factual based on information of utilization than conjecture and subjectivity, which has been the history, and that's the thing that's most interesting about the EDA cards. I've just came from all around the world. I can tell you big customers and small all around love these things because of the objectivity of it, and they buy the stuff at the rate they want to use it, and if they short call a shortfall, they don't mind paying a little more to be able to do that. And so that's the goodness of that mechanism and is not that you misunderstood, you just got to give a little bit more time to play out, but I am still very optimistic about it. Kevin.
Kevin Palatnik: Yeah. Eric, one more point. So, in terms of Mike's point about our customers embracing the cards, we do approximately half our business on the cards, and when we talk about consumption, that's on cards already sold, so in terms of the second half outlook, those will be cards to be sold. And in terms of the re-up rate that Mike also talked about, we did the cards in volume starting in 2006. So based on the three-year card, we'll see some statistics at the second half of this year, end of this year, early next, so we'll understand what that re-up will be, but again specific to consumption, it's all about cards that have already been sold.
Eric Kobahashi-Salome: Okay. Thanks for those comments. I was also wondering kind of how much of the weakness would you characterize as a customer-specific weakness, are there particular customers of yours that that just simply aren't just ordering, or would you say it's more broad based?
Mike Fister: It's pretty broad based. I mean, there is not a lot of euphoria out there across the broad base of customers. When Kevin or I'm with customers, the first question is not will you buy more tomorrow. It is how is the outlook for the sec half, how does it look going into '09, what's the pricing look like, et cetera, and that's not just with customers. That's with partners. I mean go look at fabless equipment manufacturers or equipment manufacturers look at the foundry infrastructure, and that's why you see the thing on inventory. So it's across a broad base. Certainly, there are customers’ engagements, that one of the earlier questions referred to, that are natural renewals and the tradition of the customers is to engage nine months to a year ahead of when those contract lives come up. So we have a pipeline of those things, and we have as good a pipeline, if not better, than anybody else as far as I am concerned. And those cases, while these conversations may start, they're taking longer to complete, people are waiting longer to try to make those decisions, and even in some light of the information around our proposal for Mentor that's another little bit of a twist to it, because they're fascinated with the opportunity for a more efficient holistic solution across a broader base. And so, the economic situation is the predominant piece of it. They are going to hold onto their cash longer, trying to stretch it across margin or something else and use the time discretion to be able to hold those conversations longer and to a smaller extent or another extent the water falling of superior technology into wide base is really has been a tradition. I think it will still be the tradition, but they're holding on longer to old methods and taking more risk in delivery or efficiency and just telling the engineering teams to work harder. And that's why it affects the broad base. And you saw that Kevin gave you some of the geographic splits. We continue to do well across all parts of the world, so we're a little counter-cyclic that way. But Asia is evolving, pausing a little bit; Japan is concentrated in a few customers. We still have big base of concentration in some of the biggest customers around the world. So that's a good first surrogate to go study if you want to look at their bravado or confidence and figure out how that waterfalls into their supplier base, they're one of their suppliers.
Eric Kobahashi-Salome: Great. Thanks very much for your comments.
Mike Fister: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terence Whalen.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Thanks for taking my question. I have a couple questions. The first one or two are administrative, regarding how you intend to report going forward. I think you alluded earlier to giving time range three to four years of average contract duration. Would you actually consider giving that to the tenth point like 3.4 or 3.5, like your competitors did? Then I have a couple follow-ups.
Mike Fister: Terence, no. we would stay with three to four years for our guidance. We wouldn't take it to the next decimal.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Okay.
Mike Fister: Yeah. That's preciseness that what we don't believe in.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Okay. And then the second question is in regard to making the model change, are you going to be giving the percentage of bookings that were ratable or up front on a go-forward basis, so we can track the transition toward that 9010 model change?
Mike Fister: Yeah. Once again from a ratability standpoint, we're only going to report backlog once a year, so we're not going to get into the bookings ratability on a quarterly basis. We know that we manage it on an annual basis. It is lumpy within the quarters, and we don't want to confuse anyone with the quarterly numbers.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Okay. And then, I guess one other quick administrative question on CapEx. I think you said $70 million for '08. Do you have a CapEx number for '09, so we compare that to your 250 operating cash?
Kevin Palatnik: Yeah. I don't think it will vary much from that 70, but we haven't got into '09 in detail yet other than cash and, yeah, plus or minus 70 million is probably a reasonable range.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Okay. And then, I am just having a little trouble understanding the decline in orders this year. How can customers delay renewing contracts that would be expiring this year? In other words, if I look back three years, in '05, there were a number of 10% plus customers and larger deals. Do I have to assume those were four-year deals, because otherwise they would be coming up for renewal and a customer would have to renew those deals, or else they wouldn't have use of tools? Is that correct?
Mike Fister: If someone has a renewal that expires this year, then they'll have to do something about that. If someone had renewals that were on the cusp of a year, then they have flexibility to be in this year or outside this year, depending on what their natural cycle are if they wait to the last minute or they engage six months or a year ahead of time. Certainly, not all of our business is on renewals, and I will tell you in my time that we worked very hard to make it countercyclical. So these weren't feast or famine things around one big business arrangement that was cyclic every three years, and that's some of the things the cards do, it allows us to layer some of the business, but we still do have some big companies who prefer to buy that way or some big geographic region that prefer to buy that way, and that's influenced in the timing that we both execute business and that we project the business. If you were looking for the biggest rationale for cyclic shift, we said it going into the year, saying it again now, it matters to us if it's in this second half and if it's just a little out of the second half and into the first and with the staggering business of the backend, that could be significant and is and people are choosing to wait longer and longer and longer to be able to exercise their option and make their decision and even in the consolidation discussion. I think our pipeline of customer and customer engagements is strong. Technology is excellent. We're getting super feedback. We've maintained our share of the customer spend as that's modulating, mostly modulating more conservatively or down, and I think it bodes nicely for us, especially if we amortize this thing over a longer period.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Okay. And then, last one and I will re-queue. Mike, your commentary is appreciated and you do paint a positive picture of the company's health, but from a share price point of view and from a financial perspective, from an analyst perspective looking inward, it honestly looks like the organization has really deteriorated over the past several years, and is facing an uncertain transition period with the model and a large risky acquisition. So I guess my question is, what are some of the business catalysts going forward and how will those flow through to financials? And then lastly, Mike, I know some investors will be asking tomorrow, what the management plan going forward is post acquisition. Can you give us several reasons why you're the right person to continue to lead Cadence into the acquisition and after? And I ask that with all due respect. Thank you.
Mike Fister: I suppose you can have whatever opinion you want to have. The technology is strong, and it has been over the time, and that's a bias that you can impugn on us, and customers have voted with their own confidence on that, whether it be the consolidating ones or the ones that you can't read about that have fueled the business growth over the last four years and will continue to fuel it going forward. The confidence that we have in the combined, continued consolidation of the marketplace is both historically rooted in other industries and certainly concentrated in ours, and I am a technology guy. I will give you my rationale. Take it for what it's worth. Most of the customers engage in heterogeneous solution set. I mean they use technology from all different kinds of people, and when they do that they have to figure out how to glue it together. When they do that, they spend money to do that, experts, extra money, and inefficiency in terms of building interface layers. A holistic solution supply from Cadence makes that more efficient, makes it more predictable, you get better results like lower power when you use the low power flow. When you do that on a broader base, including increasingly more and more some of the complementary component that are largely implicit in what Mentor Graphics has, we just make that whole system more efficient for them, and that's a beautiful thing as far as they're concerned and you can go pulse them and ask them what they think. I think you just don't have to believe me. The business model, as far as I am concerned, has always been one of discipline, at least in my participation of it. That's to try to show the value we have if we do and some respects we would be rewarded with value. I say that very carefully, and the relationship that is we have not with just the customers but with the partners are as strong or stronger than anybody else's in the industry as far as I am concerned. So those are the things that I think are interesting about it. I don't know that it is a risky acquisition. You use those words. Those are your words, not mine. I think it is extremely complimentary technologies of technologies who'd love to do this, because they love to see their solutions realize and the broader base gives them a better way to do that. The cultural integration of those things is something that we become very good at in 10 years of acquisitions Cadence has integrated something like 36 companies, and the ones that have been done in recent history have been the most successful acquisitions in terms of retaining technical talent and demonstrating business results of any parallel in the industry. We study that, and we continue to grow the organization to be able to show muscle and be able to do that efficiently and coherently with the integrating people as well as the people exist in the company. So that's the way that we do it. We try hard to hit every projection that we do, and we try leaders lead and we try to be upfront with why we think the environment continues to evolve and be predictive about it, and that's our MO, and that's the way we're going to continue to do it.
Kevin Palatnik: And Terence, beyond the technology combination or the strength in the combination for technology, of course, there is a financial aspect to this as well, and I am going to focus on cash flow. As I mentioned earlier in my prepared remarks, we'll generate $250 million of cash flow in 2009. That's stand alone as the business comes together, and given the synergies that we've talked about on the June 16th call, where net it is $50 million worth of income benefit. I think when we put the combination together, and it's our hope that we'll sit down with Mentor in a negotiated transaction, we'll do some due diligence, and maybe we can unlock even more synergies we'll see, but as software companies come together, very strong cash flow generation, so huge positive.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: And I am sorry to chime in again, but the last facet of my question was with regard to management. Mike, what are you going to do over the next four or six, eight quarters to really rebuild confidence of the investor base in management, and to really get the business reaccelerating again? Thank you.
Mike Fister: We generated hundreds of millions of dollars of positive cash in the last year, and as Kevin said, we'll measure the business on cash. The conservation of the technology to work inside and outside the company is landmark good. It is an industry dynamic. The industry dynamic in the semiconductor has changed a lot. Take it from somebody who’s been in it a long, long time, and we aim to be a leading player, if not the leading player in this for a long time. We structure the business to win in the long-term. I think we have the best team of the peer group in the industry and we're rewarded with that confidence by many customers. That's good enough for me, and I hope as we demonstrate the financial says that Kevin talked about that it will also be encouraging for people who want to invest with us in the company.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: I appreciate and best of luck, guys.
Mike Fister: Thank you. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Rudisch.
Doug Rudisch - Brookside Capital: Hey, guys, two parts to the questions. One is does the tougher environment make you rethink about how you manage the expense side of your business? I think you have some platforms where you earn very good returns and then others diverge in sort of R&D efforts and other such things where the economics are less clear. Are you guys going to rethink how you're spending money and where you're spending it? That's question one, and I have a follow-up.
Mike Fister: Yeah, Doug, expense management has always been a key focus of the management team, demonstrated by the improved operating margins over last few years. Obviously with the change in model that tends to change things a bit. But in terms of expenses management going forward, we'll continue to maintain that key focus, the specifics at which at this point I am not going to get into but clearly it is a key focus for this operating team.
Kevin Palatnik: Doug, on the peer strategy side, there are things that increasingly more Cash Cow-oriented, and those are either slow growers or places where the technology if we make a to ton of investment, if the customers aren't going to value that, we're going to slow it down. And the products that these men and women make with our stuff are amazing, what's in a cell phone, what they're carrying around in terms of complexity and stuff. All of that mixed signal content is enabled with our technology bar none, and so I am as interested in the pacing of the investments outside of traditional EDA as anything because the core of EDA is the thing that's kind of stagnating or getting slower growth. Its first surrogate was kind of semi R&D spending, and it's decelerating, so we've been trying to track our net bigger investments up into adjacencies in the manufacturability of the system space, the C-to-Silicon technology is debuted into the broader industry, just had rave reviews on it, and I think that's a great first surrogate for what we're doing. Jim Miller talked about Sydney technologies at large in its analyst day, and we're going to continue to vector spending into the place that is grow and expand to total universe for EDA as opposed to just concentration in the core of what it is, especially as that it's hard to find a customer who wants to pay the same amount for what he had let alone doesn't want to pay less. And we're very cognizant and studied on that. We have very tight management processes to measure those things.
Doug Rudisch - Brookside Capital: Although sometimes accepting that business' slow growth is the key to optimizing the earnings power of the business. If I move to my second question, I think this industry has demonstrated some strange cyclicality and stranger cyclicality in bookings than one would expect, both you guys now, synopsis a couple years ago, and it is clear that, sometimes for unusual reasons, bookings can tend to go above what might be a normalized level, and then post doing that, they'll go below what is normalized level. The question is, if you look back at your bookings over the last couple of years, they're running in the $1.8 billion to $2.1 billion range, I think. Now you're guiding to $1.1 billion. Clearly the $1.1 billion is below a normalized level. On the other hand by implication that some of the previous years bookings probably got ahead of themselves. The question is, what do you guys think is a normalized level of bookings? How do you quantify it? And what is the normalized level of cash flow that should come off those numbers in a steady-state?
Mike Fister: Yeah. It is a good question, and your numbers are high, backing into them from the backlog. They are $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion, and it has got a lot to do with market segment share shift in the end, and we clearly took by our analysis market segment share over the last years and are holding somewhat of a position this year as we say, and that's a tough thing to do because, you're trying to make guesses whether the total universe is really growing or not, especially around the core which I agree with you, you got to be objective about slow growth and where you stagger your investments, and that's why we try to be pragmatic about it. I don't think that they were crazy out of bound before and they're biased a little bit by big things, either consolidations or if someone does things where they artificially extend the thing into big time, , you can artificially make a booking huge if you take it over five years or longer as opposed to try to hold in a three or four-year life and that's why we're reporting that and trying to use it as a management metric, so I think what I'd like to do is see how it plays because the customer psychology for buying and the amount of money they're going to spend has got a large amount to do to influence at least the core. Turns out in a strange way, their health or their relative optimism has a lot to do with expanding the core because these guys are struggling with increasing their R&D spend in software resource developers and verification experts. At the same time, they don't really fire all the design guys, and so they compound their problem by trying to spend that money. I believe automation is the way out of that. On your cyclicality comment, I agree. One of my frustrations has been that we couldn't totally break whatever the cyclicality of the natural business was, which was probably somewhere in the three to four-year lifecycle of average contract life. Yet, that doesn't mean we're not going to keep doing that, because I think inherently it is not healthy. It drives behaviors and buying or even in some respect selling processes when that happens, and our hope is that as we take these objective measures like the EDA card, we have disciplined management practices to try to objectively decide what's going good and what isn't, be outspoken about it, and give the thing more time that we'll continue to do that. I think the consolidations bode well for people being first movers to try to change those practices.
Doug Rudisch - Brookside Capital: Thanks for the thoughtful answer. I didn't mean to interrupt. But if I just ask it a different way. You just walked through a complicated set of vectors, but isn't it simpler? There is some cyclicality, if you just assume the industry was very slow growth for the last couple of years and will be very slow growth going forward. It is just a waterfall chart, you know how many five-year deals you cut, and you know how many three-year deals you cut. And you can stack out what a normalized revenue, or bookings level should be, and don't you need to do that for planning purposes and to manage the expense side of your business? It seems like it should be actually just stack the mat. You know the customers, know the deal, and you guys should be able to form a pretty good estimate of what normal booking and revenue and cash flow should be. And don't you need to do it to budget expenses?
Mike Fister: We certainly have done that, and that set the foundation of what Kevin was talking about. The thing we've been able to do, which I think has helped us in some of the last years of growth that we may or may not get credit for, is we built that broader base. We did that through an indirect touch on purpose. We did that with the broad GO accounts and Bill was reporting some of that growth dynamic. Those are companies that aren't necessarily in anybody's top 100, but represent large volumes of business and business potential. Lots of China is that way. These are companies $100 million and less that are going to spend a lot of money doing stuff. And the fabless industries are rife with that. Also the amount, the quantization of market segment share shifting, consolidation is the first protagonist to that. It's difficult to call in time, but we use leading technology engagements as a first barometer of that and like I say, I am optimistic about the results we've been able to generate over the last years and look forward. As that's where the waterfall down in the proliferation of that is in another secular change. Used to be that, part of the cyclicality of this industry was biased in the cyclicality of the semiconductor developers. I'm one of them where every two years the process changed, every two years you looked at a tool set difference or four. And when you found the best stuff that was an excuse to change. People aren't necessarily doing that wholesale any more. They're doing it incrementally. And they are separating it into the high-end and the low-end. That's why we segmented the product four years ago. We'll see what happens. We have a very complex model that we built to forecast the business. I suppose that the critical will say your model must not be very good, because you're struggling to forecast it now. My view is that the industry is going through catachrestic change right now, not just ours but the semiconductor industry and that's certainly impacting some of our historical and modeling characteristics, and we're fluid with it. We're going to be out there leading, trying to anticipate them, integrate them and learn from them. Thanks for the question, though. Thanks for the observations. I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Petkun.
Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co: Hi. First, Mike, just on this Mentor transaction, with your shares likely down significantly tomorrow, and as you discussed the questions on the FTC, HSR side which ultimately you suggested the deal would get done, but given all that uncertainty, I as a Mentor shareholder would probably want to see a pretty significant breakup fee attached to that $16 bid, and so far you guys haven't really articulated what you're willing to do to that front. Can you provide any color there and then I have one follow-up.
Mike Fister: Well, like I say, Matt, I think the transaction makes a lot of sense for the shareholders certainly in a time where they may not have any. We don't have a financing; we're not subject to any financing conditions so that isn't a problem. As I said, Kevin and I both said we're out there working on our finances now on the permanent financing. We're dying to discuss that with the Mentor management team and implicitly the Board and the shareholders. When we do that, that will be a component of it, I am sure, and we're certainly well advised and thoughtful about that, so I don't lose a lot of sleep over that to tell you the truth.
Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co: Okay. And then the other thing you were talking about earlier was the EDA cards. It sounds like you're still going to be offering both the gold and the platinum EDA cards and in the past you had articulated that customers preferred the gold term cards versus the platinum cards. How are you going to be incentivising customers to say move towards subscription-based rather than term-based deals on these EDA cards?
Kevin Palatnik: Matt, with regards to gold card versus platinum cards, yes, we're going to still offer both. Those are we believe differentiating factor for Cadence. Our competitors don't have those. Gold cards offer fixed price book and the platinum card offers technology access overtime. As we look at the environment, as we talked with our customers, they're looking for more flexibility. Flexibility when it comes to accessing future technology, especially in light of what we announced with Mentor, our pursuit of Mentor, if you will. They're looking for more flexibility and access, and that's why we believe that there will be going forward a higher proportion of platinum cards.
Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co: Okay. And then Finally, do you expect your average deal size to increase a year ago roughly Bill Porter was talking about the fact that you guys were moving towards smaller average deal sizes and this may move you towards larger deal sizes on average.
Kevin Palatnik: Yeah, Matt, in Q3 when I would say the EDA cards really took off in significant volume, that did move the dial a little bit in terms of average contract length, and coming into the year we said with EDA cards being roughly half of our business, we would average out between three and four years, and we're not changing that guidance.
Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co: I am not talking about duration as much as much as let's talk about the number of seats per deal or products per deal.
Mike Fister: In a perfect world and equilibrium, there will be more smaller ones. What people tend to do is they tend to buy them by project. So you can imagine that it is not a static environment in the customer and they do project A and then about a quarter later they do project B, and those things hang on for awhile and that's how they make access decision about current technology or new technology, and in a nice way the model that we talked about here makes it easier to have that discussion because we had that discussion concurrently.  Some of the accounting before, we had to separate those discussions in time. That was cumbersome to the customers, they don't really like to think that way. They're thinking about multiple projects overtime, and the good thing about it and take this for what it is, with the momentum of the gold cards that was most pragmatic because they were locked in a project you kind of know what you need on project A, but when you get to project B you wanted a new one. All those things are no access to new technology; it's a farmable base for us. That's part of that pipeline that Doug Rudisch the previous questioner was asking about, that's part of what makes it complex and part of what makes it intriguing for us. And so that's why Kevin says with some confidence that we continued to see an increase in those platinum technology cards, and it is not going to be a digital switch it happens. As time comes along, we’e got to predict a rate for it, and the technology is valuable to us and to the customers, because it has productivity efficiency or quality of results built into it, those three things I said very carefully. Those are all valuable aspects of the technology aspect and the objectivity of the cards.
Matt Petkun - D. A. Davidson & Co: Okay. Thank you for taking my question.
Mike Fister: Sure. Thanks for the question. Okay, operator, with that we conclude. I thank everybody for their attendance and we'll look forward to seeing you next time.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Jordan - Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations Mike Fister - President and Chief Executive Officer Bill Porter - Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer
Analysts: Mahesh Sanganeria Richard Valera Jay Vleeschhouwer Terence Whalen Mat Petkun Sterling Auty Tim Fox
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Heather and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence’s First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Jennifer Jordan, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead ma’am.
Jennifer Jordan - Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Heather. Welcome to our Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter of 2008. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website www.cadence.com and will be archived for one week. With me today are Mike Fister, President and CEO and Bill Porter, Executive Vice President and CAO. Please note that today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause the difference in our results, please refer to our 10-K for the period ended December 29, 2007. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our earnings press release for a discussion of non-GAAP measures and to both our earnings press release and our website for reconciliation to GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures used in today’s discussion. Now here’s Mike Fister.
Michael Fister - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Thanks Jennifer and good afternoon everyone. Revenue for the quarter is $287 million, non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.04. Our customers continue to face tremendous challenges due to the relentless demands of competing and a maturing semiconductor industry and the current economic uncertainty. This highlights what we discussed at Analyst Day. The customers were constantly trade-off conflicting technical and economic goals to deliver winning products to end users. In these strategies to look at product development holistically and deliver the most complete and integrated solution that have material impact on our customers and businesses. We are committed to expanding into the adjacencies as system design and design for manufacturability because these areas are critical for helping customers maximize their overall productivity of the product development process. For example is our focus on the design and design for manufacturability. We can demonstrate that the ability to model and take into consideration manufacturing effects within the design can save time to market and improve manufacturing output. For this reason, we saw increased customer interest in our Chip Optimizer, Litho Electrical and Litho Physical Analyzer and CMP Predictive products during the first quarter. Improving productivity and helping customers meet their critical design challenges is also in our core business we deliver holistic solutions within and across platforms targeting four key areas. Functional verification, Mixed Signal design, Low Power design and design and advanced nodes. During the first quarter, we acquired Chip Estimate Corporation, an innovative company which is developing industry’s first comprehensive solution for IT planning. With this capability, Cadence customers can perform what its analyses at the outset of the development project to actually gauge key factors like product cost, power dissipation and performance. Chip Estimate is one example of how we are looking beyond the EDA core to improve customer productivity. Another is Cadence’s Encounter Conformal ECO Designer, a unique and automated capability to address the extreme pressure customers face to deliver on schedule while still achieving targets for product cost and quality. ECO stands for Engineering Change Order and unfortunately for designers these are all too common. Late stage functional changes historically met the time consuming task had to be repeated to ensure that the impact have been completely comprehended. New capability we delivered in Q1 allows designers to automatically compare the old and new versions of the design, and then guide the implementation tools to minimally disrupt the original design, bringing badly needed automation and predictability to the ECO process and of course resulting in improved productivity, fast return to market and higher quality. Relating to systems design, I have been out talking with customers about our [Sydney] Technology some of which is already in beta release and the response has been extremely positive. Customers are eager for help to reduce iterations between system specification and design implementation. Improved chip and design partitioning and manage and verify IP and embedded software. The Sydney Technology builds naturally upon our strong position in functional verification. Customers are expanding their commitment to Cadence verification technology leveraging our solutions, debug capability and scalability to meet their verification demand. For example major Japanese Consumers Systems and Electronic company plans to increase it’s usage of [Virtuoso’s] simulation 40% over the course of this year. At the same time momentum for Palladium emulation and extreme acceleration solutions continue. For instance AMCC, a leading provider of processor based network SoC chose Palladium for its advanced verification needs.
 : The demand in mixed signal designs plus additional stress on customers is bringing the digital and analog components of a chip design together is not a trivial task. We’ve released new turbo technology for the XL and GXL versions of Virtuoso's Spectre Circuit Simulator. These new technology targets the toughest analog in mixed signal designs which required detailed analysis of electrical effects and providing 10 to 20 times faster performance and cutting simulation time from days to hours. Capability is part of our multi-mode simulation solution and enables customers to stay within the holistic Virtuoso environment. In fact we displaced the competition with Spectre at US Storage Systems and a semiconductor company during the first quarter and won the complete Virtuoso platform and a major Korean company’s LCD business. The semiconductor industry is being called upon the to do its part to address climate change in the conserve natural resources by designing devices that consume less power and produce less heat. Industry momentum behind the common power format continues to grow. In March the Power Ford initiative published a low power methodology guide that contains user written examples from NEC, NXP, Fujitsu and ARC. Case studies from ARM TSMC and Freescale will be added to the guide next week. And Virage announced that their cell libraries now support the common power format. Cadence low power solution optimizes power consumption across the entire digital design flow including functional verification. Including, enabling customers to build ships with as much as a 50% power savings, interest and adoption of the Cadence low power solution continues to increase. For instance, Norwegian startup Energy Micro, it’s relying on our advanced verification solutions to aid and development of some of the world’s most energy efficient microprocessors. At the same time two large memory companies are relying on our low power verification, the capabilities to decrease over development time, which has placed the competitor Taiwanese fabless SoC platform and IP provider with the full Cadence low power solution including our digital design flow integrated with Cadence verification. In the silicon package and board area, usage of Cadence system in package or SIP solutions among our IDM and fabless semiconductor companies is increasing. As they step up functional integration at the component level to provide more complete solutions to their end customers particularly in a highly competitive wireless handheld market. For example the use of Cadence RF solutions dramatically improved productivity at STMicroelectronics. The availability solutions to rapidly design, accurately simulate and reliably implement our SF Modules provided ST better confidence in a design of physical substrate. Finally, I’m happy to announce the appointment of Bill Porter, as Chief Administrative Officer and Kevin Palatnik a 12 year veteran of Cadence, as Chief Financial Officer. He will be leveraging the talent for the team that report to him and focus on our growth strategy and Kevin is a natural leader who brings a proven track record of success along with the deep knowledge of our field operations, products and business strategy to his new role. Now, I will let Bill take you through the detailed results.
Bill Porter - Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer:  Thanks Mike. Results for our key operating metrics for Q1 were; total revenue of $287 million; non-GAAP operating margin of 2%; operating cash flow of negative $19 million. GAAP earnings per share for Q1 was a net loss of $0.07 compared to net income of $0.15 in Q1 of 2007. Non-GAAP earnings per share for Q1, was $0.04 compared to $0.26 in Q1 of 2007. Total revenue for the first quarter was $287 million, compared to $365 million in Q1 of 2007, down 21%. Product revenue was $156 million, maintenance revenue was $99 million and services revenue was $32 million. Revenue mix by geography in Q1 was 40% for the Americas, 22% for Europe, 26% for Japan and 12% for Asia, one customer accounted for approximately 11% of total revenue. For 2008 we expect weighted average contract life to be in the range of 3 to 4 years. Total cost and expenses on a non-GAAP basis for Q1 were $281 million compared to $277 million in Q1 of 2007. The non-GAAP operating margin for Q1 was 2%. Order and headcount was approximately 5,100 down from 5,300 at year end 2007. Total DSOs for Q1 increased to 176 days from 111 days in Q4 of 2007 driven by lower revenue and fewer receivable sales. The quality of receivables remains high with less than 1% of receivables, 90 days pass due. Operating cash flow for Q1 was a negative $19 million compared to a positive $19 million in the first quarter of 2007. Operating cash flow declined primarily because of lower receivable sales. As a result as expected in this environment, its taking longer to sell receivables. For example one receivable for $17 million sold late in Q1 funded two days after the quarter ended and will be included in our Q2 cash flow. Capital expenditures for Q1 were $25 million. Cadence repurchased 19.8 million shares of stock in Q1 at a cost of $216 million, approximately $412 million remains under our current stock repurchase authorization. Cash and cash equivalents were $826 million at quarter end. Now I will turn to our outlook for Q2 and the year. For Q2 we expect revenue to be in the range of 310 to $320 million. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.02 to $0.04 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.13 to $0.15. For the year 2008 we expect revenue to be in the range of 1.49 to $1.54 billion, we expect backlog to grow to $2.1 billion at the end of 2008. For 2008 we are targeting a 27% non-GAAP operating margin. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.64 to $0.72 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of a $1.14 to a $1.22. For the seasonal revenue pattern for the remainder of the year, we expect to generate 26% to 29% of revenues in Q3, and 31% to 34% of revenues in Q4. Other income for 2008 should be in the range of $15 million to $19 million. For 2008, we expect to generate operating cash flow of at least $350 million. We expect DSOs to be approximately 125 days at the close of 2008. Capital expenditures for 2008 should be in the range of $17 million with an additional $37 million for work to complete our new engineering building. Although the semiconductor environment remains challenging I am confident in our strategy, our technology has never been stronger and we are on track to achieve our operating targets for the year. On a personal note, I am excited about working with Mike and the Cadence team in my role as Chief Administrative Officer. As you can see from the press release Kevin Palatnik has exceptional qualifications for the CFO role. Having worked with Kevin for over a decade, I am confident in his ability to do an outstanding job as CFO. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria.
Mahesh Sanganeria: Hi guys. This is Casey calling in place of Mahesh. Can you comment a little bit about the change in the macro environment if any since your last conference call?
Michael Fister: Hi, Casey, I had been to three of the four geographies in the last month and the business discussions always sort out customers around the environment. I don’t think there has been a big change, customers are still a little bit murky about what’s going to happen for second half that means there hasn't been anything positive, there isn’t been any big thing negative, and they are looking at for every dollar they can find in cost, and making those trade-offs that we talked about at Analysts day. So the good news is, there is not heck of lot worst, the bad news is that it's not a heck a lot better.
Mahesh Sanganeria:  Okay. Could you comment a little bit about reason as to why is your second half weighted more heavily than is common?
Bill Porter:  Yeah, Casey, this is Bill. I think we explained the same reason in January as when we looked at our year, we did expect a more difficult environment and it does take customers more time to make decisions in this environment and in many cases they can put off making purchasing decisions for six to nine months. And so that really hasn’t changed as Mike described in the environmentals. So, that’s how we plan the year. That’s how we see the year playing out. We’ve got a pipeline to deliver that business but it’s not without risk and we think we’ll be able to manage that risk.
Mahesh Sanganeria:  Okay. And lastly, can you comment a little bit about the calculations that have gone into the upside to your ’08 EPS guidance compared to your previous guidance?
Bill Porter:  I am sorry Casey, I didn’t quite get the question?
Mahesh Sanganeria:  Your ’08 EPS, can you comment on that I mean do you see I am sorry for because of cost cutting as planned to do later in the year?
Bill Porter:  Well the increase -- let me just comment on the increase in our outlook for the year and you saw that earnings for the year have gone up from our previous estimate by $0.03 and that’s really driven by our stock repurchase activity and so that’s what's giving us smaller share count, which is resulting in some improvement in the earnings. Not all of that share repurchase will come through and the reason is we have lower interest income as you examine our income statement. Part of that is because we had a very conservative cash portfolio that we made even more conservative based on what we see in the environment with lower interest rate. So, you will see a slight reduction in interest income more than offset by reduction in shares giving us some increase in EPS for the year.
Michael Fister:  In terms of the cost cutting, we are continuously managing performance, do you see that reflected in the headcount. We don’t have any big mega actions plans, that doesn’t mean that we are not going to continue to keep doing streamlining we look for efficiencies across the business all the time, are largely sourced across many of the geographies not just to take advantage of cost but locality for our customers because they operate across all the geographies. Those all represent opportunities for us to drive our cost base and like I say we continuously mange that process.
Mahesh Sanganeria:  Okay. Thank you.
Michael Fister: Sure.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Rich Valera.
Richard Valera: Thank you, good afternoon. This is a tough one, but I am just wondering if there’s since you guys are no longer giving percentage of ratable versus some upfront booking is there anything you can give us qualitatively to give us some confidence in the model as you progress through the year, any kind of color you can give us on that back half pipeline that should give us confidence that’s achievable. And to just sort of revisit that decision not to give the upfront versus ratable. it seems as you move to the back half, the fear will be that you could move to an exceptionally sort of upfront weighted model, which could allow you to achieve the numbers, but could essentially make things more volatile and potentially more risky as you move forward. Anyway, I was just wondering, if there is anything that sort of give us some comfort on the upfront anything qualitative you can say about that back half? Thanks.
Bill Porter: Sure Rich. I think the first thing, the reason just to reiterate bookings is really an annual measure for us. And we went to that for the specific reason but that’s I think how we should look at the business and we think that’s how you should look at the business. In terms of mix, I do expect a balance between what you would consider subscription in term business for the year. So, its going to be around 50/50 I believe. And then if we expect that to dramatically change we would let you know. But its really an annual view of the business and that’s what we expect to deliver during the year. And I think we’ve talked about how see the second half. So I don’t think there’s anything that I could add to that because we just talked about.
Michael Fister: Yeah qualitatively Rich the other thing I would add is, we don’t do customer engagements do something for a month from now or even a quarter from now. Most of the things are long tedious things that involve quarter's worth of work and large sales plans to target across the multitude of projects that go on in companies. And so as Bill described it earlier it’s a pipeline that we understand the breadth of that because we work on it for a long, long time. Many of these things can be competitive and so sometimes those aren’t even a secret and that’s what we use to plan the year, it's exquisite in its detail, it's targeted with the manpower and expertise that we have. I hope that some in some way the consistency that we demonstrated through the last years is just as consistent for us as we bridge this year and the fact that the year isn't as big as the last year’s just the details of the environment.
Richard Valera:  Fair enough. As far as your stock buy back you were pretty aggressive in this last quarter. Can you give us any sense of how aggressive you might be in the relatively near-term your stock hasn’t moved a whole lot since then, I'm just wondering what your thoughts are on the continued stock buy back?
Michael Fister: Sure Rich. Well we do use our cash for two things, to expand the business and then when we see the opportunity to buy back stock. And so those are sort of the same things that we are going to look at it for 2008. We are opportunistic in each area, so I am not going to try to predict one or the other. And I think that’s just the best way to go forward but it will be used for both activities. I think as we’ve said in the past, the priority is always try to grow the business but then when there is value looking at you, you have to take advantage of it as we did in Q1.
Richard Valera:  Right, just one final one if I could. With respect to receivables, the receivable sales, is your 350 million of cash flow from ops predicated on the market for receivable sales improving I mean, it sounds like its quite challenging right now and it would seems like if its maintained in this current level of challenge difficulty that it might be tough to achieve that number you know I am just wondering what your thoughts are on that Bill?
Bill Porter: 
 :
Richard Valera:  Great. Thanks very much.
Michael Fister: Sure.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer.
Jay Vleeschhouwer:  Thanks, good afternoon. I would like to go back to the issue of what substantiates your particularly heavy fourth quarter outlook. And you mentioned for instance that customers can in some cases put decisions off by 6 to 9 months so does that mean in effect that you are expecting some contracts to come down to the wire of the expiration date in Q4 where otherwise they might have respond six or nine months earlier as we would typically see in an easier environment. In addition, you did have that more than 10% customer in the quarter, was that expected in the quarter and might you expect other similar large pieces of business over the next couple of quarters?
Michael Fister:
 :
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Could you comment on how you did with the EDA cards in the quarter either in terms of overall demand, consumption, repeat business if any and perhaps how that license mix looked for the cards?
Bill Porter: Sure, Jay and we continued to see very good pickup from the cards business, all of the same things that we talked about at the Analysts day continued into this year. We are seeing more customers trying the cards, we are seeing them continue to use the technology faster particularly with the gold cards and so I think that’s one of those dynamics that we expect will continue. And so, I think it is a competitive differentiator for us for example for the gold cards 46% of the customers are consuming faster than straight line another 27% as expected, and we are seeing similar in the platinum cards about 63% are using it as fast or faster. So, good usage of the cards and the levels I think are going to continue to creep up on us overtime as customers like that ability to have very flexible engagement and use that technology 24/7.
Michael Fister:
 :
Jay Vleeschhouwer:
 :
Michael Fister: Well, I guess, what I would say is that in the pockets that are high and consumers have the pricing is tough for our customers or automotive -- in almost any category these days the mixed signal content is high, favors our analogue mixed signal incumbency and especially for something like wireless. As those companies try to do more integration on the dye and that’s obviously sometimes it’s a lot of analog with more digital and sometimes it’s reverse. It always saves as a holistic solution. And the way that we approached the verification in the last four years is absolutely thoughtful and down to the holistic element itself. And so I’m always very careful about what I say when I was talking in some of the prepared remarks about the construction and the integration of verification and the implementation that is a demonstration of the breadth dynamic of the company. And I see more and more companies valuing that. You see that people voting and consolidating elements like you know an XP and Hitachi were sighted last year and you see lots of other companies that were in discussion projecting exactly the same thing. We’ve never lost a consolidation opportunity that there were change was made never. And that’s a strong statement around incumbency and holistic. The other thing I would say is Japan is up and that’s as a very forward-looking environment of a lot of systems companies, they are full of engineers you want to operator and abstraction above the physical implementation of a semiconductor that’s one of the reasons it’s high, it’s up and they are also very big participants as you know companies like Renesas, Hitachi, NEC across those vertical segments. In China it’s a lot small numbers, I mean we have gained share in China, by my analysis I think even you could find up by going through the EDA consortium. Taiwan in particular is a place where we’ve called our testimonials of last two quarters and some of the fastest growing fabless companies are there. So, I’m a little bit allowed with your notion that we haven’t done much in the Asia-Pacific region, I think we’re doing great there, focused it’s a very interesting strong coupling to the foundries you know great foundry partners across the board. So, I’m pleased with what we were doing, and we will just have to see how fast that region becomes a mega force in the world. Right now the Americas are still extremely strong, Europe is on its own and Japan is on the rise especially in international list of consumption. So, our long answer to I like what we have done, it’s consistent where we targeted, it’s consistent with the technology focuses and happy for spending the money.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen.
Terence Whalen: Great, thanks for taking my question. This one is for Bill, Bill I think there is about $300 million of debt coming to you in August likely you will pay that with cash on hand, you are also generating some cash flow from operations, it is my question is once that's paid into we are going to be at a lower cash level, what’s the reasonable baseline operating cash level that you think about in the business?
Bill Porter:  Well, Terence as you can see we should be able to generate enough cash during the years to more than offset the debt that's coming due. So, you could just expect that and our cash level should at least be where it is or higher and the thing that you know, we are not going to try to project as how we will use some of the cash as I described earlier either for growing the business and/or repurchasing stock.
Terence Whalen: Is there a baseline level of cash that you feel comfortable operating wise, and that I’m asking the question so, I can then ascertain what could be a buyback number potentially?
Bill Porter: I’m not going to try to project absolute number Terence, I think it’s one of those things that you know we can you know, you could see where our authorization is, you know, we have got another $400 million and we will use that as we seek that. But, I’m not going to try to beg a number at this stage for net cash.
Terence Whalen: Okay, fair enough. My second question relates to a comment made at Analyst Day about our operating margins you target 27% this year, and then I think at Analyst Day you took the first shot of talking about 2009 saying that you expect operating margin to return to 30%, I want to understand what sort of growth expectation is factored into that operating margin, reacceleration and I don’t think it’s characteristic that you talk about a year further out and why did you take the opportunity to do that at Analyst Day? Thanks.
Bill Porter: Well, as we were talking about the business we feel that it’s a little hard to get all of the specifics laid out in terms of what top line and expenses are but we did feel that we had enough confidence that we would go back to a 30% operating margins because that’s what our mentality is and that’s how we run the business. So, we looked and said, yep we might not get each of the elements with this far -- this much notice completely and accurately. But, I think we can to get the combination at a 30% margins because that’s essential as you know, we try to grow, our leverage in the business we grow expenses at half the rate we grow our top line and I think that’s what gets us back to the 30% operating margin. In addition, there is a couple of things they are just unique for 2007 as we talked about, and we have the additional week for the year that’s about 17 million and we also have seen the effect of foreign exchange, which is another thing in 2008. So, I think both of those are things that we would expect and would neutralize when we get to 2009.
Michael Fister: Yeah it’s a growth rate in the industry is relatively flat, there is some contention about that. More right size of business to be able to generate great operating results. We did it, as we got the 30%. If the thing resets you can’t hardly get all of that in one year, but over the year and plus period we can do it. That’s the core of the business at a minimum and as the capacity adjacencies kick in and we get better top line growth and this is going to trend up faster. But at a minimum we are going to run the core of the business to be an attractive financial machine, we proved and we can do it again.
Terence Whalen:  Okay thanks, Mike. Can I ask just one last one then I will re-queue. You said average contract life this year will be 3 to 4 years. I assume that will be up slightly versus last year and can you just a talk a little bit about in general the trends you are seeing in -- in seeing higher contract duration and what’s driving that, you are driving that or the customer driving that. And then lastly as I think about rolling that forward in the renewal cycle, won't that create a sort of a gap in the -- when you'd normally expect a shorter order, renewal to come through? That’s its from me. Thank you?
Michael Fister: Sure Terence. I don’t expect that we are going to see anything necessarily creep a year-over-year. So just to comment on that assumption, we’ve seen a lot with the cards and again customers like in these kind of uncertain times the ability to use the technology a little longer, if they are going to be more frugal and how they are spending their money in utilizing projects. But, our experience has been that they are actually using it faster as I mentioned earlier in the statistics. So we allow them the extra contract length for the cards, but we expect that they are going to use them up in a shorter period of time. So I think it pretty much offsets.
Bill Porter: Yeah I mean all semiconductor designer that the three year term constant training to get into the half life of two process generations and unless that dramatically pushes out at least with the discipline we have, we'll stay in about that time. The cards make an automatic opportunity to be objective about that discussion with the customer. The contract life is driven by them and we try to creatively respond to it. And the discussion with the cards is very interesting, it says hey look, we’ve got, we are using this stuff faster already. So if I just need a little bit of extra time why not, and then okay so that's what gives you around the things to a little bit more than 3.5 years as we reported at Analyst Day. It's all about the usage of technology and that’s the beautiful thing about those, it's totally objective discussion and the project dynamics haven’t changed demonstrably and the fact that we can separate new technology from stuff is already locked in and differentiate those to allow us the further segment the things. So, I think that we understand very well and that’s what we did, we did the cards on purpose where we have construct the conversation with the customers on purpose and we’re reacting to the way that people want to buy the stuff, and that’s a slow moving change and as a changes I think were well positioned to react to that to corner value. I don’t know of everybody else is in that that position, but I am very confident that we are.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mat Petkun.
Mat Petkun:  Hi there just a follow on Terence’s question real quick, you are talking about deal lengths, is there any way that you can characterize the trends and may be average deal size because Bill I remember you talking about may be even a year ago as you were kind of conditioning the street to expect backlog growth that the average deal size would hopefully be getting smaller and then you would be trying to continuously trip on your customers rather than signing up individual large deals, has that happened?
Michael Fister: Sure and sure it does, it does by the number of cards when you have multiple cards engaged in the customer, you can do that and if you think about it its because in most of these companies they are not just one project companies, there is hundreds of projects sometimes in a company with different kinds of buying proclivity now the all buying old fashion, old school buying proclivity was one mega purchasing guy trying to arbitrate or amalgamate that across every project. And what the geo centricity, decentralization of some of the customers, sometimes even the approach they take, they want to have Greenfield experiments to be able to fore set down and see if they get better productivity in different spot. So, that’s some of the logic for it once again the mechanisms we have are that way and at the same time not everyone is totally condition themselves. Some of our customers still want to have one central purchasing guy trying to arbitrate as much of the thing as they can, they tend to be big companies and so you can get some very big transactions that go along. But its is the mix pool in when we concentrated on the geo -- geography accounts which we did 2, 2.5 years ago we grow our business there we have 100’s and 100’s of transactions with companies that are small I mean they just follow us in a million dollars and so that’s a beauty it gives us a little bit of you know growth dynamic outside as the big global, but the global companies that the traditional big semi conductor comes or still a huge attraction of the business.
Bill Porter: Hi, Mat this is Bill, I think that we were also seeing the cards facility customers buying in smaller pieces even within different divisions of larger companies and they can track it very well so I think that’s also enabling you know the strategy of trying to sell more in different time periods for customer when they want it.
Mat Petkun: Okay. And then Mike I think last call you mentioned some incremental pricing pressure especially on the digital side any update there, does that continue to be kind of you know the back drop with what you've provided guidance for this year?
Michael Fister: Well, we certainly factored it in, I think in our Analyst Day was the most concrete and we should ASP up lift across the segment in view and even and Bill stratified it across the concentrated global accounts in the broad geography accounts. At best -- at worst we were holding our own even in highly concentrated you know, big mega customers as a testimony to the segmentation of the product as well as the value of the integrated holistic solutions tax that become so talked about by us and now trying -- other people trying to emulate us. That said the tricky thing about digital is it’s a very wide berth of projects in a company someone does the hardest things in the world, and almost every company that I can think of almost without exception we do the hardest digital projects with them. And I think it’s a testimony to high end, in the low end projects the stuff is less challenging, they may be not be as challenged by frequency area or whatever it turns out to be, some of the incumbent processes are just fine, they are just good enough. Now, we can show better productivity across that whole thing so we should proliferate a waterfall down and that’s the question of time, and it knows a low end projects are those lower with the technologies just good enough that’s where the pricing pressure is really intense and that’s what why we are so pragmatic or objective about the conversion cycle there, what I would -- said before is absolutely true, someone is try to consolidate or change and is driven by productivity and gone and done and made the change we’ve always won those things across either both our mixed signal and digital technology gives me some confidence that we know what we are doing and that we are getting a value it’s one of the reasons power was a good focal point because it is a very objective conversation to have and I got three more of them right beyond power -- behind power that we were going to do. They have to do with virtualizing and managing the computing architecture and how it impinges into the physical implementation. We are already out there talking with customers about that, and that’s the mechanism that you can use to drive or derive value if not then it is, it’s just becomes a mine is better than yours and who is going to go cheapest and that’s there is no long term win in that for anybody.
Mat Petkun: Okay, then one really final question from me. You know, when I talked to investors there is a lot of misunderstanding and confusion and I think I’m confused as well. You had a 34% year-over-year declining your product revenues implying another 30% next quarter that’s not just end market related you know, we have seen a smattering of companies report and it’s been nowhere near that severe can you help us understand what else is it play in your year-over-year declines and product revenue?
Michael Fister: The total revenue is down 20% so, it’s just try to get that sizing. It really is about the timing that we described you know we did expect a more difficult environment, we are being more patient, we showed at Analysts Day a lot of the progress we’ve made with improving our run rate at the same time showing that we can, with segmentation, particularly in the geography accounts and hold for value and we were also I think realistic that in this environment customers will take more time. So, we factored all of that in to our outlook for the year and naturally what’s driving it’s a matter of when we close if we believe not if we close business and some of it's going to move out beyond this year and you know that’s what is really driving the decrease.
Bill Porter: I would say that there is two other things to think about, if you look at the services component of our business take it as a good news or bad news, I’m a helpful guy, I think that stability that has a percentage that’s what's driving some of your fractional computation that was very stable and that is an asset -- a differentiating asset. Companies need help and trying to use the method in a new way, deployed in a new way, we’ve got 400 experts that know a lot about design that we get paid for that’s why –that is very stable and I think it’s a great asset. We certainly use it to our differentiation in all the consolidation and customers value that. And so, on a quarter-by-quarter basis now I think you can really confuse yourself if you look at those things in isolation across the years since it’s a relatively small part of our business, it then equalizes itself. The second thing that I would think about, I have seen speculation about market segment shares shift or loss, I made two strong statements about the consolidation that I’m standing by and I can tell you me and Kevin Bushby are out there everyday upfront in personal, we know where we were going, we have a loss market segment share across anywhere. Anywhere and so you know it will be very interesting to see what happens with the rest of the world as they go along and you guys try to integrate it. We can only talk about what we do but the precision that we try to do is to estimate that distribution in time across a year's boundary and I think it’s important to look across the years as opposed to any quarter especially with the cyclically of the business and the current macro economic effect on timing and buying cycles. And then see what happens and you know we’ll measure through the year and at the end of the year I’m sure quarter-by-quarter we will have a conversation about this but, you know we are thoughtful and pragmatic and objective about it and that’s the best we can be.
Mat Petkun: Okay thank you.
Bill Porter: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty.
Sterling Auty: Yeah thanks, hi guys. So first question is can you talk a little bit about what the decision factors were for Bill’s transition here to Chief Administrative Officer?
Michael Fister: Simple, we got great talent in the company, we’re continuously trying to take advantage of that so that we can drive bandwidth in other areas and the growth strategy of the company we’re perfectly timed to continue to not only think continue about that but execute on it. Kevin Palatnik as you get to me, he missed that Analysts Day so you know, he is a great guy, has been driving a lot of the financial machine for the last two years as a Controller and it gives Bill a lot more bandwidth to do that we can aggregate some of the other administrative functions that are going to help with those growth strategies and off we go, it doesn’t add anything to layer in it except for focus. And if you look at it on an annual cycle for performance review and evaluation it's perfectly timed with a spring this is when we do these kind of things in the last couple of weeks we also had another one of very talented guy named Jim Carey, Center General Counsel and Smith is off helping us some other stuff on the bandwidth side lot like Bill is. And we have structured and continued to structure the company at the top line management so that we can go and evolve it and grow it and that’s what all of us are doing.
Sterling Auty: Okay I’m the 10% customers, are you seeing or just a large deals in general, are you seeing any of these large deals being chopped up in doing smaller purchases now and just trying to breakup some of the purchasing?
Michael Fister: Sometimes, yeah Bill and I both commented on it in response to the previous questioning if someone can do that for value across the project to your geographic boundaries they will do it. Some companies are not structured to do that. Some companies want to operate in the historical way and will characterize it majority or not and they want to have one mega thing that they can do. In my time in the company these were very hard to try to get people to have multiple engagements and break those structures also they can pass the productivity difference. So, they can deploy more officially and the cards are very good mechanism to do that, but it’s not uniform across all customers.
Sterling Auty: Okay, and looking at the product group, the functional verification area in terms of performance there how much of that do you think is just kind of the macro environment where it is, how much of it do you think it as customer are focusing in other areas right now, how much of it might be from competitive dynamic?
Michael Fister: Well, I think the competitive dynamic for us is all positive, the timing is everything in these adventures. Verification is a top of mind for everybody. It is a automation around the physical and it started with back end where Cadence was very strong and in front end and we are -- our incumbency is growing is very well handled by computing and verification is still large amount of humans in that thing and in typical when I go around and talk to companies they grow that resource at a rate of three to four times of the rate they grow the physical implementation resource. So, after a while the wheels come off the machine and they value automation and so that’s why we lay that category out four years ago when I came in and we have grown it nicely. So, it’s top of mind for everybody, starts with you know, things in the incisive platform for simulation and we’ve grown very nicely to couple that with emulation all the Sydney technology we talked about before is just further complementing that and sometimes what it is sterling is that it is a little bit lumpy. People will execute on a program, the way, the best way they now have and then take the next one as the Greenfield opportunity to do that. And the product project node migration slowed where some of these things become longer to implement because the complexity of the device a building is longer. You see different lumpiness and when they adapt these new technologies but over time over a period of years verification is going to be just the biggest category alive and where you can be seamless with the implementation then you get fantastic predictability. We are seamless not only with the digital implementation but with the mixing of implementation, no one else in the world can do that and that’s the big asset for both and we call and describe it as pool across the product line and it happens. On a quarter by quarter basis it can be a little lumpy though.
Sterling Auty: Last question, can you give us an updated kind of view from your perspective on Magno's analog platform and patent platform and specifically how they are utilizing the Cadence Pcell technology?
Michael Fister: Well, I don’t know I guess I can few things come off of my mind on a mixed signal platform whether its analogue digital full custom memory, RF you know we have a tremendous asset in the incumbency of that technology that we have evolved is extremely complete, that thing I was going today in the prepared remarks about the spectra turbo is satisfying me. Because it’s all seamless and as I go around and talk to customers and I’m very into this, it’s growing that kind of productivity and the value the homogeneity makes. As I have gone around and talked to people I haven’t seen anything significant from any new entrants you know, now I’m not making fun of anybody I’m just reporting and we use that as a measure to make sure that what the technology we’re bringing to bear is relevant but you know we already projected out for years. So, it’s a -- it will be interesting to see what harms overtime. I like our position you know even in a niches like in the thin film display area and some of these other ones we have had you know, tiny niche targeting of some of our mix signals incumbency, we have done extremely well. So, you know I think the value that we have done -- we have done remember we considered and built it up over years over a dozen years there. The Pcells and skill code are another manifestation of that and some of our customers they have a million lines or millions of lines of that stuff that is very sticky for us. You know and so that’s what I would say about all that the Pcell technology is proprietary to us you know it’s well integrated into our tools that we will see what happens but, I have no plans to change at any time in the near future.
Sterling Auty:  All right, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Tim Fox.
Tim Fox: Hi, thank you good afternoon. In difference to your comments about now looking at quarterly trends up I wanted to just ask about the Americas and I was just wondering generally is there fundamental shift in where design is being done one would think that might be part of the case but 40% of revenue is one of the lowest levels in my model anyway, 8 or 9 years can you comment at all whether there is anything particularly going on in Americas is just a sign of the macro environment here or is it more a shift in where designs being done and do you expect that to rebound on more with timing issue?
Michael Fister: We had an exceptionally good quarter across some of the other geographic regions as you saw and that some of the quarter by quarter lumpiness I characterize, I am sure Bill has a more colorful word. Some of it’s in macro environment here for sure, the cost pressure in the Americas is acute in most companies and certainly the biggest companies and even now an increasing number of smaller companies are geo operating outside of the United States, India and China are the two biggest areas, some emergence in South America, some emergence in places like Vietnam and we are tracking customer by customer you know their interest because a lot of our value is to operate locally with them, that’s why we have such big labor pools outside of United States as well. I always think the United States is going to be big participant, the homes, the historical size of the engineering teams in the United States is huge and they are highly experienced, so to replace that experience and grow it outside the United States is a tough thing for people to do. But that doesn’t stop them from trying to do that and in some respects there are also taking the availability of co locality with their customers because the systems integrators or developers are outside of the United States. There are huge Chinese companies or Japanese companies and such so I think that’s the logic of it I don’t think it signals any kind of a long term trend yet but this year it will be interesting and watch to see how the cost pressure in the Americas and strength of the dollar and all that kind of stuff factors into it.
Bill Porter:  Yeah, Tim. This is Bill. I guess the only color I would add is I think the magnitude is driven somewhat by the timing of business you know in the first quarter its we’ve seen overtime more of our customers gradually going outside the US, I think that’s the trend has been on going but the drop you know to 40% I think a lot of that has to do with just timing I think that will over you know year, year pull itself back up.
Tim Fox:  Okay good. That’s helpful. And second question was around the Virtuoso upgrade cycle, I was wondering if you could just give us some update about where that stands I mean it is a very promising upgrade cycle and I guess just wondering whether that’s actually meeting our expectations at this point if you can give us some qualitative numbers around what percentage of the base is upgraded at this point other you are getting the kind of ASP lift that you were looking for in and what’s the prospects for ’08 for this upgrade? 
Michael Fister:  Yeah the trends that we reported at Analysts Day still stand we are progressing with the technology you know that we’ve got several other kind of releases that are coming out through this year that are targeted is at either subsections of that big domain that, that Virtuoso does or making the conversation easier and we’re very well integrated across a huge number of companies trying it. The trend is very positive that way. That said not all companies are doing the most complicated things and so some of our old Virtuoso will be just fine for them. In that case there are let’s call the proliferation of new Virtuoso is take some time and that’s why we have such a long time constant for it to do it, but so far with what we have done –today and we obviously we’re tracking at very deeply we will look at broad company engagements the proliferation rates and the kind of feedback that we are getting, we’re doing just fine. There is definitely across the complexity of that universe features that are more useful to some companies and others that’s part of the life cycle, they have more features that people want that’s part of the life cycle and you know that’s what we are doing in all these [inaudible] lives and those kind of engagements with users. We targeted the people who are going to be challenging to start with on purpose that’s kind of the way we [inaudible] the thing and the collaborations are going just fine as far as I’m concerned.
Tim Fox: Great, and lastly, for me just one you mentioned major consolidation opportunities earlier on Mike I was just wondering given the environment we are operating in, do you think that there is an opportunity for more of these consolidation opportunities, are you tracking any meaningful ones at this point and do you have any of those embedded in your guidance for ’08?
Michael Fister: We certainly got them in the pipeline, some are more public than others and you might even hear about them through the customers. Since, I know things that I’m not sure testimonial for them I won’t -- I can’t just off the top of my head react to which ones are prominent this year or what the timing is that doesn’t mean that they are not, it just means that I don’t want to misplace any confidences that we have with our customers those are very dear to us. And I think that overtime and I don’t know what the time constant is but over the next years, all companies have to consider that, it's just logical for them to do that and then it’s across do they isolate to geography that they isolate the product line, some product lines move faster than others. And some customers we consolidate their consumer business but their automotive business is come in second tier and that‘s a practical thing, Tim. What happens is you want to de-risk it if you can apply those principles and part of your product line and get it perfected and you can waterfall them over the other parts of the businesses and so it’s complicated, but the breadth of the technology and the variety of the approaches that we have been engaged with customers, had been very engaging for those that have been outspoken about it and more constantly discussing that with the other ones doing and being small alike.
Tim Fox: Great, thank you both.
Michael Fister: Okay, well thanks for participating in the conference call. Unfortunately we run out of time. If you have any other questions, I hope that you will give Jennifer a call and she will arrange to get your question answered. And we will hope to see you at the next conference call. Operator, you can disconnect now. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for participating on the Cadence First Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jennifer Jordan – IR Michael Fister – President, CEO William Porter – Executive VP, CFO
Analysts:  Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley Rich Valera - Needham & Co. Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Analyst for Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets  Raj Seth - Cowen & Co. Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Terence Whalen - Citigroup 
Operator: Good afternoon. I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems fourth quarter and fiscal year 2007 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Jennifer Jordan, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. You may begin your conference.
Jennifer Jordan: Welcome to our earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and fiscal year end 2007. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website at www.cadence.com and will be archived for one week. With me today are Mike Fister, President and CEO and Bill Porter, Executive Vice President and CFO. Please note that today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results please refer to our 10-K for the period ended December 30, 2006 and our 10-Q for the period September 29, 2007. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our earnings press release for a discussion of non-GAAP measures and to both our earnings press release and our website for reconciliations of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures used in today’s discussion. I’ll now turn the call to Mike Fister.
Michael Fister: Thanks Jennifer. Overall I am pleased with our accomplishments and results for Q4 in 2007. Q4 bookings exceeded plan and we grew backlog to $2 billion. We reached a 30% non-GAAP operating margin level for the year and continued to build enterprise level relationships with key customers. At the same time it’s not secret that the economy is under pressure. A fourth quarter survey of CEOs put their confidence at the lowest level in seven years. When speaking with semiconductor and electronics customers their tenor is increasingly conservative reflecting concerns about the tightening semiconductor ASPs and the need to run their businesses more efficiently. Therefore we too are going to be conservative in how we forecast and run our business in 2008.  Throughout 2007 we continued our strategy to concentrate on key customer focuses at the enterprise level such as improving productivity, reducing turnaround time and [inaudible] methodology especially up the stack. This approach allows us to demonstrate that our solutions and services have measurable impact. Functional verification was the best performing product area in the fourth quarter led by our advanced verification solutions and incisive enterprise. Employing system level verification and validation has a clear impact on customer’s time to market. Cadence continues to outperform in this market sub segment. The fourth quarter was our strongest ever for hardware assisted verification. We shipped over a billion gates of systems world wide. The businesses included new engagements, renewals and upgrades to our most advanced solutions. In fact, we have yet to have a competitive loss in this arena. A leading European company which is renowned for its selectivity just chose palladium three as is its emulation platform after an extensive evaluation of the current competitive alternatives.  Another of our advance verification customers, Nvidia, was named Technology Company of the Year in the January 2008 issue of Forbes Magazine. The article highlights their decision to adopt emulation at a defining moment in their competitive history in order to speed time the market. There’s a picture of their palladium center in the article. Quoting Brian Kelleher, the senior vice president of engineering at Nvidia, “We continue to invest in Cadence’s most advanced emulation solutions in order to meet the demands of getting new graphics chip to market every six to nine months.” As promised with Mentor Graphics, we publically released open verification methodology. OVM has generated extremely high levels of interest. In fact there were nearly 1500 downloads in just the first two weeks. Already it’s won the Electronic Design Magazine 2007 Technology of the Year Award in the EDA category and is a finalist for the International Engineering Contortions’ Design Vision Award.  Our latest release of incisive enterprise now fully supports OVM providing best in class verification capabilities for system Veralog, E, System C or any combination of these languages. Customers have clearly picked up on this differentiation and we have good momentum here. In the systems area we announced the technology collaboration and sponsorship with BMW Motorsports. [inaudible] on race cars are sophisticated systems that require control and coordination of hundreds of parameters and also very short development windows. Cadence is partnering with BMW Motorsports to develop new design flows and methodologies for their automotive systems.  We experienced strong growth in digital design in 2007 driven by consolidations in competitive that were founded on our low power leadership. Customers are saving time to market while dramatically improving the power consumption of their designs using the Cadence low power solution. With more than 200 projects underway and over 50 tape outs to date. With Arm, we introduced new implementation reference methodologies for two Arm processors which leveraged the Cadence low power solution to enable advance low power design techniques. These methodologies allow designers to exploit Arm’s intelligent energy management technology and realize up to 60% reductions in energy consumption. STARC released its PRIDE reference flow during the fourth quarter. PRIDE uses the Cadence low power solution to deliver this fully automated flow for architectural exploration, design, verification and implementation of low power SoCs at 65nm and 45nm. It also takes advantage of our unique design for manufacture ability technologies to reduce overall design time and increase production yields for high volume products. STARC confirmed a 3X improvement in design time using the Cadence low power solution for architectural exploration to floor plan while the CPF base flow enabled up to a 40% power reduction in the pilot designs.  Our design for manufacture ability approach delivers an end to end solution especially at advanced nodes. And in the fourth quarter TSMC qualified our litho physical analyzer for its customer’s 45nm designs. This significant step for us because it signals that this foundry partner is recognizing the leadership of this important DFM solution for advanced nodes. And IBM has adopted Cadence DFM solutions for both processor and [ASIC] optimization. The IBM processor group uses Cadence chip optimizer for post route design optimization, critical area reduction via insertion, litho fill and yield rules compliance.  Our analog mix signal capability is a key area of differentiation. The Virtuoso solutions provide breadth capability in automation for analog, full custom, digital chip finishing, mixed signal RF and memory design that are unmatched in the industry. This year we focused on the transitioning a number of major accounts to new Virtuoso platform and as with any migration this process takes time and we’re making very good progress. Toshiba chose the Virtuoso ultra simm for its design at 65nm and below because the solution includes a reliability analysis flow that enabled Toshiba to meet their stringent reliability metrics, estimates the costs of tests and debug and meet their market window. This is just one example of the strength of Virtuoso’s multi mode simulation technology.  Our enterprise focus leveraging the breadth and depth of our great technology, proven methodologies and our world class services and support team is predicated on measurable results and that’s what customers require to meet their demands and survive or thrive in a changing and challenging environment. Now I’ll let Bill speak to the financials.
William Porter: Thanks Mike. The results for the company’s key operating metrics for Q4 were total revenue up 6% year over year, non-GAAP operating margin of 38%, improving 500 basis points from Q4 of 2006, and operating cash flow of $194 million. For the year 2007 total revenue was up 9%, non-GAAP operating margin improved 300 basis points to 30%, operating cash flow was $402 million and book-to-bill exceeded one for the year and backlog grew from $1.9 billion to $2 billion. GAAP earnings per share for Q4 were $0.41 compared to $0.16 in Q4 of 2006. For the full year 2007 GAAP earnings per share were $1.01 compared to $0.46 earned for 2006. GAAP earnings per share for Q4 and the full year included an income tax benefit of $28 million or $0.10 per share from the settlement of a tax dispute with the IRS for the years 1997 through 1999 related to our transfer pricing arrangements. Non-GAAP earnings per share for Q4 were $0.46 compared to $0.38 in Q4 of 2006 up 21%. For 2007 non-GAAP earnings per share increased 25% to $1.35 from $1.08 for 2006. Total revenue for the fourth quarter was $458 million compared $431 million in Q$ of 2006, up 6%. Product revenue was $328 million, maintenance revenue was $100 million and services revenue was $30 million. Revenue for the year totaled $1.62 billion up 9% from $1.48 billion in 2006. Revenue mix by geography in Q4 was 50% for North America, 17% for Europe, 22% for Japan and 11% for Asia. In the quarter approximately 70% of our product business was represented by ratable licenses compared to approximately 50% in Q3 and our forecast of 50% for Q4.  The ratable mix has become more variable from quarter to quarter and less meaningful to us as a metric. Our key metrics are revenue, operating margin and cash flow generation. As a result we’re not going to be forecasting or reporting this going forward.  Estimated contract life on a dollar weighted average basis approached four years due to average contract lengths increasing for EDA card customers to approximately 3.6 years. In Q4 total cost and expenses on non-GAAP basis were $286 million compared $290 million in Q4 of 2006. The non-GAAP operating margin in Q4 was 38% and 30% for the full year 2007. Year end headcount was approximately 5300. Total DSOs for Q4 were 111 days a decrease of one day from Q3. DSOs were higher than our mid 90s estimate because we were unable to sell a portion of our accounts receivable due to reluctance by banks to increase their exposure to the semiconductor industry. The quality of receivables remained high with less than 1% of receivables at 90 days past due.  Operating cash flow for Q4 was $194 million compared to $205 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. For the year we generation $402 million in operating cash flow compared to our forecast of $450 million. Cash flow was below our forecast because of our lower than anticipated accounts receivable sales in the fourth quarter. Capital expenditures for 2007 were $82 million including $21 million for work on our new engineering building. Cadence repurchased 1.5 million shares of stock in Q4 at a cost of $27 million. Approximately $128 million remains under our current stock repurchase authorization. Cash and cash equivalents were $1.06 billion at year end.  Now I’ll turn to our outlook for Q1 and the year 2008. As a result of our discussions with customers in Q4 and our assessment of an increasingly aggressive pricing environment that we have not seen during the past few years, we believe it is prudent to plan our 2008 business conservatively. For Q1 we expect revenue to be in the range of $280 million to $290 million. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.06 to $0.04 net loss and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.03 to $0.05 of net income. For the year 2008 we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.49 billion to $1.54 billion. We expect backlog to grow to $2.1 billion at the end of 2008. For 2008 we are targeting a 27% operating margin. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.69 to $0.77 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.11 to $1.19. For the seasonal pattern in 2008 we expect to generate 18% to 19% of annual revenue in Q1, 19% to 22% in Q2, 26% to 29% in Q3 and 321% to 34% in Q4. Also note that Q4 will contain an extra week due to the timing of our 2008 fiscal year end which will increase Q4 operating expense by approximately $17 million. Other income and expense for 2008 should be in the range of $31 million to $35 million. For 2008 we expect to generate operating cash flow of at least $350 million. We expect DSOs to be approximately 125 days at the close of 2008. Capital expenditures for 2008 should be in the range of $70 million with an additional $37 million for work to complete our new engineering building. The current environment is more uncertain and the value discussions are longer and harder than in the past several years. However our strategy is intact, our technology has never been stronger and we’re dedicated to preserve the value of the solutions we are providing to customers. 
Operator: Your first question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Mike, Bill, help us understand the different components of the outlook here. So you have a down revenue expectation for the year. You’ve just grown backlog and had positive book-to-bill. You’re apparently expecting to grow backlog again in 2008. But the environment is substantially more difficult than you’ve seen in awhile and so there’s several questions. One is this anything akin to 2001, 2002 when the bottom fell out of R&D spending or are you still anticipating some more gradual deceleration of R&D and has there been any fundamental change in your competitiveness or the timing of your renewals in ’08 because I think most investors will find the outlook substantially disappointing versus ’07 and perhaps conclude that there’s just a basic change in your competitiveness.
William Porter: Sure Jay, many parts to the question. Let me see if I can take them one at a time. For the R&D spend, as we look at the different forecasts that we monitor we have seen them coming down. The best estimate that we have now is around 4% for R&D spending growth for 2008 from the approximate 7% that we saw in 2007. So I think we will probably see them come down but that’s something we will wait to see. From a competitiveness perspective we don’t see any change, in fact we think we continue to do very well head to head in all of our major technologies based just on the strength of those platforms and the ability for those to work together much better than any of our competitors. This is not about competitiveness. This is really about our ability to get better value from the 40% of the business approximately that we do in turns every quarter. As we’ve discussed historically in 2007 we generally would see about two thirds of our business coming from backlog. In 2008 that’s probably around 60%. So there’s 40% of the business that we will generally book and turn in a quarter and it’s that part of the business where in our judgment, the value discussions we had in Q4 were more complex, they took longer and as we see more concern with our customers and their businesses and we see harder pricing discussion, we think it just bodes well for us to take a little bit more time to close that business because we will preserve that value. We think we will get the business but we think it’s just better in this environment to take a little bit more time and not put undo pressure to close it just to meet an expectation. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: After the last call, there was a fair amount of skepticism among investors or some that EDA cards were nearly a stop gap, a rear guard action if you will, to stave off a challenge in the business whether it was bookings calendar or something else. Are you still as convinced as you were that EDA cards were in fact the right thing to offer as a licensing mechanism and a way to deliver technology and we haven’t heard you say anything at all about expense reductions to mitigate the decline in the revenue outlook? 
Michael Fister: I think EDA cards are brilliant. I get a kick out of it was a stop gap measure; we took a billion dollar’s worth of bookings, that wasn’t an accident, that was over a prolonged period of time. The value of those things is exactly the opposite. What it allows is an objective conversation with a customer about the use of technology where they’re probably trying to prolong the discussion with their engineers and given them less technology then they need. The fact that we used the customers in the predominant number of situations use the technology faster, that it has continued to grow, it is reinforcement that it’s a very thoughtful way to go have that kind of a conversation with a customer. It continued this quarter again aggressively and it’s an advantage we have that garners more value because people use the technology when they need it. And so the way that Bill characterized it is extremely accurate. I spend quite a lot of time out there with the customers. You said it yourself, on the tails of a great booking year it’s not the bookings. What we want to do is we’re going to go work the next levels of business for value. That’s a continuous process and EDA cards are one of the essential ways that we do that.
William Porter: Just to provide a little bit more information Jay for the Q4 business in the fourth quarter the cards represented about 40% of our business level. And so that continues to increase. We have also continued to see that about 44% of our customers are consuming the technologies faster then they would under a straight line rate. So again we’re seeing the customers liking what the ability to have more flexibility and the predominant number of them are still using it faster. We also saw that a number of customers, particularly the smaller one, did increase their contract lives a bit for the cards and that was one of the things I mentioned. And I think it also provides us some competitive differentiators because the customers are a little bit more uncertain about their environment so they want the ability for another quarter or two to use the technology if they think they need to, but I think what we’ll see and we have been seeing, is they in fact use it faster. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: All right and expenses?
William Porter: I do think that as you look through and do your modeling that our expenses for 2008 will be down from 2007 and so that is going to continue to be a focus for us. We as part of our normal operating cycle did some expense reductions in the fourth quarter where we made some investments and then we also made some disinvestments and I think that’s part of our normal cycle that we’ll continue to look at that in 2008. So you should expect 2008 expense levels to be lower than 2007.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: All right thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Again, maybe if you could just help us out here I mean as you mentioned Mike, things appear to be tracking very well through December, you mentioned it was a strong bookings quarter and then thinking about it near term it really appears that most of the weakness at least near term is with your view on the March quarter and if we just take a look at the model it seems like the company is just recognizing revenues off of backlog in Q1, is that a fair statement that you’re not really anticipating any upfront business in the quarter?
William Porter: No Harlan I don’t know that that’s quite correct. I think as you look again for the year we would expect about 60% coming out of backlog, about 40% of the business will be in turns. It’s not quite that high in the first quarter. We do a little bit less in turns just because it’s seasonally a lower bookings quarter for us. But I think nonetheless we still expect that the business will do for turns we are going to have to have longer and more complex discussions with customers. So we’re giving ourselves the ability to have those conversations. But there’s still a fair amount of turns business and I think you could see from the way we’re looking at the business we want more time to work that particularly in the first half of the year.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay and I know you’ve talked a lot about pricing pressure and wanting better economics but again as we look at the near term environment and as we look at your pipeline are you seeing any signs that customers are wanting to push out or cancel or are we just talking about them wanting more favorable economics.
William Porter: We’re not seeing anything in terms of what I would say cancellations, and I think we still have a good book of business or I would say a good pipeline but I think the conversations on what customers are expecting in terms of price and value are going up significantly and I think that’s where we just need to be more patient.
Michael Fister: Customers are in a tough box Harlan; I think you probably see it in your own check. They’re trying to deal with the complexity of a device that’s probably maybe in order of magnitude more complex than it was. They’re hiring software and verification experts at two or three times the rate that they’re hiring the digital people so they’ve got a cost bubble they have to deal with and many times they have a bubble in egocentricity as they expand to emerging geographies and they have to deal with the bubble of their existing workforce. I think the beautiful thing is automation is a way out of that because it unlocks people to try to think at different levels. But they’re holding on to their cost pretty preciously and sure anybody can go and give this stuff away to them, we’re not going to do that, we spent years going and driving value for what we do and I tell you I’m committed that we’re going to keep doing that because once you give it away it doesn’t come back and the technology strength is the reason that we can do that, end to end service in the solutions orientation and so the cyclicality of the business next year isn’t that much different. It’s just that we’ve got a very uncertain environment for customers and we obviously see a wide range from the biggest companies in the world to the smaller ones in the world across all different elements of the world and I’m telling you there’s a skittishness, a worry out there, that’s, is a real concern for them. 
William Porter: We’ll spend a little bit more time at Analyst Day looking at our pricing but our experience in 2007 is we’ve seen a pretty stable pricing environment as we’ve examined the data for segmentation and in fact we’ll show that for the 10% of the business for example in digital that is in the GXL category we’re able to see that we’re able to improve pricing based on the value that we’re getting for some of this newer technology. And that’s really what we’re trying to protect here because if in this environment we are not going to be patient, we have the risk of giving up some of the gains that we’ve made with the segmentation and the technology really over the past couple of years. So that’s why we think it’s important to work a little harder and demonstrate the value and be patient to get the same level in return. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: And so you brought up a good point, which is the whole strategy of segmentation as a means to counteract pricing pressures and pricing competitiveness out there in the industry, so I’m surprised that we’re not seeing the segmentation really sort of kick in here for the business model and help the business as it relates to the tough times that we’re going through here in 2008.
Michael Fister: Oh it does and it does it in places where we’re often [aligned] and the manufacturer [inaudible] where we imbed those tenants into the high end technology, that’s why we get that price uplift in those categories. I don’t remember the exact phenomena, we’ll have it at Analyst Day but the Virtuoso new entrance, the people are trying that out, most of them do it at the XL or the GXL level, I mean by a long, long margin. That’s at differentiated features. But I think what we have to be realizing is while there’s a lot of advanced node design, that’s a small fraction of what people’s total design continuum is. So we’re out there with the advanced features and all those, those will waterfall down nicely and have been doing, it’s one of the reasons we see the uplift but you’ve got to see that pervasive waterfall across all the constituent designs that a company does, big or small. And so I think we’re you know greatly positioned, we tried to talk about it in the prepared remarks and time will prove if that really is the case as the market segment share shifts from the bookings that we got last year already have demonstrated and it would just be crazy if we went and hurried that to ruin the pricing that we’ve been able to generate. Remember we came up with that segmentation as a pro action to be able to go and drive these kinds of changes years ago and those are well laid, thoughtful strategies. So I think they’re going to continue to pay off.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera - Needham & Co.
Rich Valera - Needham & Co.: Bill do you know what the duration of the backlog was in ’07 versus ’06, in other words did it go up in ’07 versus ’06 and could we, do we know what the backlog is on sort of a duration weighted basis?
William Porter: Rich I don’t think the duration has changed in any significant degree. I think the only thing again as we mentioned in Q3 and Q4 we’ve seen the contract lengths kind of move slightly about three and a half to get to the four level, but in general we’re still seeing that same average contract length and so again from what we see coming out of backlog where its generally been about two thirds this year it’s going to be about 60% so that’s incorporating slightly the contract length and slightly a little bit of the mix that we saw with the EDA cards. But that’s not a demonstrative difference year over year.
Rich Valera - Needham & Co.: Okay, and with respect to the license mix, I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks that it’s become more volatile, can you just explain that, I mean historically these mixes have been pretty steady for most EDA players over large periods of time unless there was sort of a conscious shift in one direction or the other, what is it that’s making your mix become suddenly so volatile if you can elaborate on that, thanks.
William Porter : Well I think our recent experience for example in Q3 where we saw the mix move to more of the EDA cards which has been happening over time and then in Q4 we actually saw a higher number of traditional subscription contracts more than we had forecast and so I think it’s just one of those things where customers are making their decisions based on what their needs are at the time. It’s not, we’re not trying to drive our business to a particular mix, its gonna really be based on what the customers are coming to. I think the trend towards cards will continue. I don’t think that will change. But we will see customers change their minds based on their business needs and I think my only point is it’s not the major driver for us. The major driver for us is going to be revenue, improving our margins and getting cash. The mix of business is just something that will fall out based on how we serve the customers.
Rich Valera - Needham & Co.: Great and with the accounts receivable, found that surprising that the banks actually wouldn’t buy them. One did you shop them around or it is sort of the one bank you always deal with just kind of got a little skittish and two if that’s the case, would you consider shopping them around and aren’t these your usually your highest quality receivables and it just seems kind of unusual that they would not be willing to take receivables from customers presumably of the likes of Intel, other very well established companies, if you could just elaborate on that, thanks.
William Porter: Sure Rich, I think I’d say before what we’ve seen particularly in the last six months and particularly in the fourth quarter and we do have a number of banks, we don’t have a bank, we have programs with a handful of very high quality banks. What we traditionally would see was it would be a matter of what particular rates we would get quoted and what we would choose or not choose to take the, to sell the business based on the economics, this time it was a little interesting, we were getting actually pretty interesting rate quotes but the banks I think my guess is their credit process, and this was in more than one case, said that they had enough of a certain level of exposure and it could be for particular customers but I think it was probably a combination of both semiconductor and customers and they chose, they were not going to purchase even though the quotes we were getting were pretty reasonable. And this happened pretty close to the end of the quarter so I think they were going through different levels of approvals than we had visibility to in the past and I think that’s just tightened up. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Co.: Great and your current headcount is it similar to the 5,300 you reported for the end of the year?
William Porter: It is about the same level but we would expect that that will come down by the end of Q1. There was some cost reduction activities that we did and you can see in our reconciliation in the fourth quarter and you’ll see that headcount number come down by about 200.
Rich Valera - Needham & Co.:  Okay that’s helpful, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sterling Auty - JP Morgan
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan:  Question is if we go back when the pricing pressure really hit, we saw a bigger move to subscription by yourselves, Synopsys basically the whole market, so if the pricing and the value discussions are getting tougher why not move more to subscription then even the 60% 40% mix that you’re talking about for 2008?
William Porter: Yes Sterling, I don’t know that that actually provides you with any difference than what we’re doing right now. I mean I think what we’re doing is more visible but I think the ability to compete is going to be based on the technology and having patience. I think as you compare over the long term it’s the amount of business that you’re able to win and I fully admit that our model is a much more transparent model than one that is 100% ratable. And so I think it’s kind of one of those you’re damned if you do damned if you don’t. We’re pretty visible you can see and we’re saying we’re being patient and you can see that in our model. I think others may not have that same level of visibility but I think we are winning competitively and that’s really what we’re about.
Michael Fister:  And the bookings progress that we did all throughout last year without knowing how the market segment share shift is going positively in our direction, to me that’s one of the transparencies of the EDA card in that we sub segment stuff that we give access to new technology to and stuff that we don’t and you can see bookings push out. If there was going to be such a thing with transparency in ours, it may be less visible in other potential models and any respect it’s the way the customers want to buy it now.  Someone’s hanging on to a cost that they have for development costs or EDA spend or whatever it is that they want to do and they choose to lock it in with a term for a fixed amount of time with some variability on usage model that the EDA card affords them that luxury of doing, and they don’t want to pay for access to new technology, that’s all fine with us because we don’t want to give away access to new technology.  I think that’s the risk that people run with large, large and long term subscriptions. So I don’t know that you can extrapolate, I wasn’t really around in 2001, extrapolate back any kind of a particular business model as the salvation to it. It’s always what customers want to do, to be able to buy and mix and the access to new technology is a value conservation mechanism that I have a lot of passion for. 
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan:  Based on what you see and based on your guidance how much of what we’re seeing here in the numbers do you think is a Cadence-specific issue versus a broader issue for EDA?
Michael Fister:  Well I don’t know, I think it’s the industry. We’re the leader in the industry, big is the law of large numbers for us. So you know, I guess if someone does a fraction of that maybe they don’t see it as acutely. We are certainly by the projection, we are making, not inconsistent with some of the semiconductor equipment manufacturers and a few of those other, let’s call it supply interest that come into the major semiconductor industry.  I think the good part about a solutions enterprise-wide approach is that it unlocks the productivity in either time or manpower -- let’s call it a cost equation or predictability equation that really allows those customers to attack some of those problems. Maybe we’re on the edge of conservative but we have always said that that’s what we were going to be. It’s just prudent to do that because when you plan expense bases correctly and timing and you try to predict that with good accuracy and that’s what we are doing.  I don’t know what everyone else is going to do, but that’s what we are going to do and I think it is not inconsistent with some of the other big bellwethers that supply back into the semiconductor industry at large.
William Porter:  What I would add is I think you are seeing us do something in terms of leadership on pricing and in how we are packaging our product and as we compare in different customers where we are doing leading edge designs and then getting value for it that makes sense; but we are also seeing some of those accounts where we have others that are more willing to give the technology away for we don’t think the right value and we’re choosing not to participate in that, even though it is going to take us a little bit longer to prove our value equation.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Bill, over the years there has been volatility in the amount of receivables that you have sold. You talked about the issue in the quarter but as we think about 2008 sale of receivables and overall level of cash flow, can you give us just a general indication of what your thoughts are in terms of levels?
William Porter: Sure Sterling. As you saw my cash flow forecast for 2008 is down and that reflects primarily the ability to sell some of those receivables. So the level that I’m looking at for 2008 is probably similar to 2006 which is in the neighborhood of about $40 million below, $40 million to $50 million below what we saw this year. So we’re taking that experience into account and that’s why it’s reflected in a lower cash from operations number primarily in 2008.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets.
Analyst for Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets : I have a couple of questions. A curious phrase was used couple of times, I wanted to pick up on that. The phrase is “giving it away”. Are you saying that’s what you guys have been doing in the recent past? That’s what some of your competitors are doing? Is it possible that this extremely conservative guidance which you are giving for ‘08 one should view ‘08 more as a reset year wherein you can take the pressure of yourselves during negotiations and get fair pricing from your customers so that you can reemerge stronger in ‘09?
Michael Fister: Giving it away is not just a euphemism for some of the pricing especially in the highly commoditized segment, back-end digital plays and around highly commoditized pricing, very aggressive. You can go do your own checks about just how crazy that can be. What we do in selling the segmentation range is compartmentalize competitive offerings that are not as feature rich and choose to be as aggressive in the pricing as we want to or not. By selling the mix of the segmentation, we actually blend it and it blends to holding our own or up, as Bill intimated before.  That’s a conscious strategic approach to that kind of a phenomenon in the world. The customer conversation can be since they have a continuum of designs, I really only need the really good stuff for some of the designs and I can use yesteryear’s technology for other pieces of it. It always bodes well for advanced node migration for people that are feature rich and that’s why you often see questions or they have questions about that dynamic.  There are still some people doing a lot of technology development at 0.18 or 0.13 micron who are being able to use tools to just do back end placement around. So it’s a real phenomenon that is blended by that technology, the element of commoditization and the usage of it. There is nothing about 2008 that’s a reset year for us; what we are trying to convey with some insight that insight is with the breadth of the technology because it spans all those three conditions I just talked about is that the customers themselves are going through a heck of a migration in 2008. Complexity is way up. ASPs are way down. The volume is hard to make up for it. They are spending more money to develop the stuff and they are trying to figure out a way out of that box.  I think we are part of the solution but that alone isn’t going to solve, if they have got people in the wrong spot or where they have the wrong talents or where their ASPs are terrible. And so pragmatically what we are going to do, what we have done is forecast with as much visibility as we could for us and for you guys now to see what the potential impact to that is while conserving the hard fought value for what we have done with differentiated technology across that whole continuum and unfortunately it’s a complicated world out there but that’s the world that we live in.
Analyst for Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets : On your average contract lifespan, you folks typically had a three-year lifespan; for Q3 and not for Q4 you folks are reporting a close to four-year lifespan. If I were to assume that what you received in Q3 and Q4 of ‘07 was roughly flat with what you had in ’06, would it be a fair takeaway that if the number of years increased from three years to four years that the spend per year has actually shrunk?
Mike Fister:   I don’t think that math works for me. The transparency of the model where we reported average contract life, back to your earlier question, gives some insight into what the bookings duration is, as was the term used. The fact we remain relatively constant is a testimony for us holding out that value and let’s say garnering the value of new technology. It allows us or engages us when someone wants to engage for new technology, we have a different discussion with them. That’s a beautiful thing because they pay more money in the end for it. They value that technology more in the end.  The good news of a consolidation -- whether it’s with a big company or smaller ones -- when they bind together as partners is that the conversation naturally becomes more of one of let’s make a longer relationship because I am entrusting my confidence in you, Mr. Cadence. So it’s natural for those to go out a little big longer even in that case and when you parley that on to the fact that they are trying to spend their money over a period of time more slowly and the card enables them to do that, that does contract wise would tend to push out.  The beautiful thing -- and that’s why we report it to you -- is that people use the cards more quickly. That’s a key indicator that says some of this is their own creation. Now hoping they can squeeze the engineers to use the licenses longer and we make a bet with them and then in fact the engineers use the stuff faster. Even better if they pay us a little bit more money for the ability to use it faster.  So I hope that will become understood, a well informed strategy to once again have an objective conversation about value whether its new technology or the time use of a license of technology that currently exists. I think the opportunity that we have to engage people as we continue to innovate in new technologies with different business discussions and sell them more is a wonderful thing. That’s the conservation of value ultimately for our new technology access.
William Porter: I would just add that Q3, as we mentioned, at the time particularly one large customer took the average over in Q4, as Mike clarified and I think we are seeing the impact of the cards. I think what we will see over time is that there is going to be your contractual length and I think we are also going to see another metric that’s going to evolve which is what their practical usage will be. My bet and I think what we are seeing is that usage is going to be less than four years and it will probably be three or lower but that’s going to take time to demonstrate.  So that’s the thing that we expect will happen is that customers will use it faster but in these times where they are more uncertain if they say hey, we want an extra quarter or two in the event that we need it before it expires, we absolutely don’t see any issue with that because I believe we will see it being used up in that three-year horizon at least from we’ve seen in the past.
Analyst for Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets : I heard you say that you are going to suspend giving the ratable percentage information for future quarters to come. Would you guys be willing to give some other metric for orders? So that we can go to the models, would you want to start giving out the actual order flow or may be an idea as to the quarterly book-to-bill ratios?
William Porter:   I think what I am saying is how much business do we expect to come out of backlog, which is about 60%, that’s I think gives you the indication of what we have to turn for the year. That’s what we are planning on talking to on an annual basis because I think the quarter-to-quarter variations are not that important. We include that as we give our forecast. It is really, as you look at 2008 we expect about 40% of our business to come from our pipeline and that’s the piece of the business that we were watching for price. That’s what I think you try to do in your models with coming up with this different ratable versus percentages.
Mike Fister:   I think you have to be very careful with bookings on a quarterly basis. Too much frequency in that puts a target on your chest when you go talk to customers, especially the purchasing agent who says, you need my business this time. We’ve proven in the last years and we will continue to prove it because we are in this for the long term that having a little bit of obscurity or ability to use that to work business has generated a lot of value for us.  I think we will stick with the simple metrics now. We’ll consider it because we are going to get together at the analyst day and see if there is some other insight that we could do, but for now we are being as transparent as possible on how we plan the business and giving you insight into it.
Analyst for Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets : Would you want to comment on your plans for buybacks going forward?
William Porter:   In terms of use of our cash, it really hasn’t changed. We are still looking to see how we can grow the business with our cash and also to do buybacks. But it is still in that priority. So, we will always consider it, we have active discussions with our board about the topic but again the priority -- particularly with valuations the way they are and we can see the ability to add to our portfolio particularly as we expand into the adjacencies. We want to take advantage of that and we also will look at the value that can be driven from stock buyback.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.: Bill, I wonder if you can talk a little bit about expenses. I haven’t plugged the numbers in yet but just order of magnitude, your guidance I think you mentioned ‘08 expenses would be down relative to ‘07. Can you give me an idea of about how much they are down and given the very tough outlook that you have described, why have you decided not to cut expenses more aggressively? Thanks.
William Porter: Sure Raj. Again, I think we’re looking at driving value and that takes some time. In terms of the expense levels, as you work it through the models you can see that we are going to continue to be more efficient in the business. It will result in expenses being down most likely a couple of percent. That’s how you’ll get there when you work the margin versus the revenue range. We do that very carefully so that we can make sure that we’re not over the longer term going to impact our ability to deliver the best technology and continue to have the best field force to be able to work with customers.  So we’re selective, we’re always looking for efficiencies and we just do it carefully. We don’t try to do it with a knee-jerk reaction just because we think that the environment is getting harder that we are going to do something that is going to hurt the business longer term. We have always focused on expense. We are going to continue to do that from an efficiency and effectiveness perspective.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.: I mean obviously there was a ton of uncertainty on this whole semi complex. Is there something that you might look for that would cause you to get more aggressive with regard to cost reductions or is there anything you are looking for or how do we think about the calculus that goes into making that decision?
Mike Fister: I don’t think there is any event that we are looking for. This is something that we do as part of our DNA and we are always making some judgments. We are trying to be nimble because that’s what it requires to be successful in the business. But we want to make sure we are looking out to see what the impact is on any -- both investments and disinvestments -- that we make and so we do it very carefully.
Mike Fister: 
 :
William Porter:  Raj, just a couple of other things when you start to peel it back. Again, we are probably having 1 percentage point of impact as I mentioned on the detail relating to our 53-week year this year. That’s $17 million that’s a percent of margin. So if it wasn’t that one of these things happens every five to six years that would be another point in margin for us.  I think the other thing that’s a little bit of a headwind again that we’re expecting in 2008 is currency. Now we still see probably another point of margin impact because we’re seeing the strong, the weak dollar impacting our cost base, particularly outside of the US. That is probably another point worth of margin.  So we just have to be careful. I think those things you know were different in a little different currency environment and with a different fiscal year we’d be at 29; just to be careful with where we are. So we’re looking at those, we want to make sure that we’re managing this to have technologies deliver to customers and as well as getting the value for it. So we’re balancing those.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Co.: Bill, just a quick one, the backlog you talked about -- $2 billion or whatever the number was -- just so I am clear, entering calendar ‘08 how much of that gets recognized in the next four quarters?
William Porter: For the year Raj, we expect about 60% of that business to come into revenue. We do a little bit of that business from bookings in the year so we don’t just do it as of the beginning of the year; that’s the metric that I’m referring to which is the 60%.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: You mentioned bookings were greater than 1 for the year and fourth quarter were ahead of plan. R&D spending looks like its going to be up about 4% this year and yet you are suggesting that in your guidance, you’ll sort of hold maintenance and services flattish, down 9% or 10% this year, it seems that you are a big skeptic here that you’re either losing significant share heading into ‘08 or anticipating really losing some share or that in some meaningful way you’ve really sucked the pipeline dry on the renewal front.  Can you just help reconcile what was a pretty decent year, a decent quarter, a decent outlook for R&D spending with such a deceleration in your license business and help the skeptics understand that?
William Porter:   Tim, when we look at our experience in Q4 we had a very good bookings quarter, but we also saw that customers were getting much more aggressive in their pricing requirements, what their ask was. So as we project it, we don’t think that difference is going to get any easier, particularly in the first half of ‘08 and really through ‘08. That’s really the driver for us.  We have and we can see our pipeline, but we can also see that if we try to close that pipeline what I would say is the same rate we would have in different economic times, we would give up more value than we’re comfortable with.  In terms of the share component, I think we will continue to demonstrate as we’ve announced consolidations and competitive wins across all the major technologies that we are not losing share and this is really a matter of just being patient with customers versus any share. I don’t think you’re going to see any significant share shifts from any of our competitors and I’d be patient to see if that happens, but I don’t expect it.
Mike Fister: Even in the places where we lead in market segment share position in the analog and verification -- we created the verification category as far as I’m concerned, the biggest quarter ever in hardware verification. These are stronger than we projected. That’s a byproduct of consolidations on the low power technology where we are once again a clear leader in that. Market segment share shifts were inevitable.  The question the cynics should ask themselves is our bookings and our progress is transparent. Is everyone else as indicative of that same kind of transparency or not? I don’t know. I only know what ours is. But I’d tell you the market is of a relatively constrained size so when we’re growing like that I think there is an equally opposite question to pose to the cynics.  It isn’t that we are projecting that relative position it goes upside down in ‘08. As a matter of fact, it’s the contrary. We are going to continue to reinforce that because it’s a value equation more than it is a pure volume equation.  Leading edge technologies are all in our favor for high performance digital, for mixed signal characteristics, everything has got mixed signal on it, for system and package where IC packaging is a co-design; for verification to verification where software is at the adjacency and even for the perpetual cynic, DFM at advanced geometries is a correct by construction technique in our approach. That’s one of the reasons that the digital stuff is embedded and Virtuoso is embedded as high-end characteristics in a high-end segmentation model. You cannot do 65-nanometer and 45-nanometer design without modeling those characteristics into the design.  We’ll see what happens; we are in it for the long term, it’s not just that we hit the ball nicely out of the park in ‘07. ‘08 will be what it is. The semiconductor industry or hopefully the customers will see their way clearly to find their way out of their cost box. We are going to be a part of the solution and we’ll see what happens as time moves on.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: If I may on the EDA cards just a couple of questions, I think you mentioned Bill that 40% of the business was from the EDA cards. I am just a little surprise that the upfront mix was back to 30% given that EDA cards were, at least last quarter, were primarily term based. Can you just talk a little bit about what were the mix of EDA cards? Were they mostly term versus subscription and why was it that you are at about a 30% upfront level given that high level of card adoption?
William Porter: Tim, the trends that we have talked about with cards has not changed. It continues to increase and the amount of the term versus the subscription cards is still running at around a four to one so that hasn’t changed.  What we did see in Q4 is we saw some customers that wanted more traditional subscriptions and that is what took the mix higher than we were forecasting. I think the overall trend for the cards is going to continue, customers like it. If they choose to be price sensitive they buy the cards and than when they are ready to buy some new technology they will buy a new card. If they want the flexibility, which some do, they will get the subscription card but that’s still not the predominant purchasing choice.  I think that will continue. Some customers, again, like traditional models and we saw some of that happen in Q4 more than we had estimated and I think customers are still trying to figure out what’s best for their business?
Mike Fister:   It’s lumpy. Anybody who says that the world is all subscription or all term doesn’t understand how people buy. Even geocentrically some customers prefer to buy traditional subscription; that is a fact of life and it’s hard to predict. That’s why, why keep trying to predict it and be wrong? The good thing is that we are selling across all those continuums and we have got a great mechanism to do it with a card for value.  Jennifer, it seems we have time for one last question.
Operator:   Your last question comes from Terence Whalen - Citi Investment Research.
Terence Whalen - Citi Investment Research: The first one builds on your operating cash flow targets for ‘08. I think you set a number of roughly $350 million. Really quickly, what amount of factoring receivables is built into that $350 million estimate? 
William Porter:   Sure Terence. As I indicated, it’s going to be about the same level we saw in 2006. So it’s about $40 million to $50 million below what we did this year. You can see this year we did about 215.
Terence Whalen - Citi Investment Research: $8 million in legal costs and G&A. What was that exactly and what are legal costs expected to be going forward?
William Porter: Terence, periodically we will have to make some reserves. This is one of those times. I think all I would say is why don’t you just watch our regulatory filings. When we can describe it, we will. At this point, I am really not at liberty to say what it was about.
Terence Whalen - Citi Investment Research: Lastly, my question comes back to the topic of duration. I think people are a little confused because you talk about a very visible model yet the average contract duration we were told to be about three years, I think up to three-and-a-half over the past three years, now it’ crossing over the four. In May of ‘04 when new management came in, were there any executive decisions made to adopt a longer contract duration? Because it appears to us looking before new management came, the company was underperforming with sales decline 20% year on year, but then remarkably when that occurred, when new management came in we saw sales growth very consistently at 10% year on year.  So it seems consistent with how things have played out and the order gap we are seeing in ‘08 that may be an executive decision of adopting higher contract duration was used to boost sales, which now puts us in a place of a dearth of contracts. Can you comment on whether average duration over that time actually went closer to three-and-a-half years versus three years? Thanks.
William Porter: Well, Terence, I have been here throughout all those periods and I can tell you there has been no decision to change contract lengths. For those who I have talked to -- and I have talked to many of you -- I think what we have always seen is generally larger customers have a tendency to try to go slightly longer to get more visibility and a little bit more price protection and we have seen smaller customers have a tendency to generally go shorter and that has given us an average duration of around three. So it has not been over that level.  What we have seen I think recently and in particular with the cards that is starting to drive that average duration higher because the smaller customers -- and that’s what we saw in Q4 -- on average have gone to about 3.6 years versus what historically has been three or under. Again, I think what we are seeing there is they want the flexibility to use the cards longer and we don’t think they will but they have that contract flexibility. So that’s really the change here, the larger versus smaller customers; I think the larger customer behavior has not changed and it’s going to continue to be that way.  I think the smaller is changing because we’re giving them some additional flexibility with the card mechanism. I don’t think it’s anything other than that simple explanation.
Mike Fister: The last time I came at the arithmetic, we were steadily growing the backlog over those times but the contract life continuously reported. That’s more backlog, my friend, not less. The confidence that customers have that drives even a small company to extend the duration is a technology commitment to us. That’s in light of all the big consolidations that we’ve done across the board. So the transparency of ours is trying to be reporting those trends so that you can associate them for whatever you want to do with it. I think the technology prowess and the consolidation record that we have is a testimony to the technology value and durability. This concludes the conference call today. Thanks for your participation as always and we look forward to seeing many of you at analyst day in a month or so. Operator, you can disconnect the call now.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Jordan - Corporate VP of IR  Mike Fister - President and CEO  Bill Porter - EVP and CFO 
Analysts : Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch  Analyst for Harlan Sur – Morgan Stanley Analyst for Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Terence Whalen – Citi Investment Research Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Benjamin Pappas – D.A. Davidson
Operator: Good afternoon.(Operator Instructions) I would now like toturn the call over to Jennifer Jordon, Corporate Vice President of InvestorRelations for Cadence Design Systems. Thank you Miss Jordon, you may begin theconference. 
Jennifer Jordon: Thank you Kathina. And welcome to our earnings conferencecall for the third quarter of 2007. The webcast of this call can be accessedthrough our website www.cadence.com and it will be archived for one week. Withmy today are Mike Fister, President and CEO and Bill Porter, Executive VicePresident and CFO. Please note that today’s discussion will contain forwardlooking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from thoseexpectations.  For information on the factors that could cause a differencein the results, please refer to our 10-K for the period ended December 30, 2006 and our 10-Q forthe period ended June 30, 2007. In Addition to the financial results prepared in accordancewith generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP, we also present non-GAAPfinancial measures today. Cadence management believe that in addition to usingGAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measureresults using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our earningspress release for a discussion of non-GAAP measures and to both our earningspress release and our website for reconciliations of GAAP and non-GAAPfinancial measures used in today’s discussion. Mr. Fister.
Mike Fister :  Once again Cadence delivered excellent results in the thirdquarter. Revenue was $401 million operating margin was 30% and cash flows was$89 million. Cadence continues to focus on aligning our technology solutionswith our customer needs. As a result we deliver and receive more value whichhas strengthened our market segment share position. The fact that Cadenceoffers the industry’s most complete and robust technology with segmentationtailored to customer demand has contributed to our success. Customers are increasingly adopting ourinnovative end-solutions and leveraging our unique software distributionmechanisms.  For example, we introduced two years ago a form oftechnology delivery called an EDA card, which has proven increasingly popularwith customers. The EDA card is a form of contract that enables customers todraw down product licenses from a self-serve real-time system, so they arebetter able to match their project license demand with purchase licensecapacity. Infrastructure for the EDA card is proprietary and provides us andour customers with an excellent visibility into their project needs andutilization. Customers also have the ability to draw down licenses of differenttime durations, each priced accordingly, until they exhaust their purchasecapacity. Our initial experience has been that customers draw down the licensesfaster with the EDA cards than with traditional contract cards. And just as thisunique delivery system helps customers manage their most complex businessproductivity challenges, our innovative technology solutions help customersmanage their most complex design challenges.  We examined our digital implementation platform end-to-endand delivered the Cadence low power solution. We are preserving powerthroughout the digital flow that is unmatched in the industry. Thisdifferentiation is fueling sales and accounting platforms both competitivelyand expansively into existing accounts. NEC America used our Encounter platformto implement the Arm11 MPCore – one of the world’s high performance low powerprocessors. NEC achieved overall performance in timing performance and lowerpower. Advanced technologies Encounter GXL such as statistical static timinganalysis and optimization allow the customers to accurately account for theeffects of processor ability, in a leading edge 45 mm designs. Raincoastadopted this solution for SoC design including Encounter timing system GXL withthe statistical static timing analysis. During the third quarter, design physical was added to logicdesign team solution. Design physical gives logic teams access tointerconnected information in their logic synthesis environment, dramaticallyimproving physical predictability and increasing the quality and accuracy ofhigh speed and low power design. In customized IC we experienced continued momentum for thehigh end GXL versions of Virtuoso6.1. A major North Americancommunications company included 45 nanometer design using the new platform as acustom analog design for the Virtuoso 6.1. The speed, capacity and versatility of Virtuoso multi-mode simulation inhandling the verification of complex design, showed several competitive winsduring the period. For example, Neotech a leading Taiwanese designer ofimbedded systems chose Virtuoso multi-mode simulation as his preferredsolution. CDNLive! in Silicon Valleycan provide additional insight into our strategy for manufacturabilityadjacency.  Our collaboration with and subsequent acquisition ofClear Shape extends Candence’s capability with design analysis and optimizationsolutions. Together these capabilities provide a design and implementation flowwhere what you design is what you get in terms of manufacturability andadvanced process control. And in manufacturing sign-off the acquisition ofInvarium gives us leading edge of optimal proximity correction. These kinds oftechnologies address the next generation of lithography challenges of 45 and 32nanometers.  During the quarter we added over 100 million gatesof palladium upgrades within existing accounts and booked palladium sales in anumber of new accounts requiring system level verification. Customers are usingour integrative software extensions or ISX with palladium for hardware/softwareco-verification and validation. And as projected we released a SoC functionalverification kit, which provides a pre-built verification environment extendingfrom the block to the system level, targeted especially for today’s futuristwireless and consumer designs.  It’s this type of leadership that’s compelled manyof the largest semi-conductor companies in the world to deepen theirrelationship with us, making Cadence a primary design solutions partner. Afterexhaustive evaluation process NXP named Cadence its primary strategic partnerfor EDA technology. NXP has endorsed us as the low power chip design solutionsleader and the only company with the depth and breadth to deliver for NXP thefully integrated front to back analog and digital solution they require. Andlike us, NXP shares an acute interest in developing solutions at the systemlevel. I am excited we’ll also be working and investing together to develop newtechnologies for the next generation for electronic system level designs. Ourconsistent performance is a result of strong customer response to ourtechnologies and to our strategic roadmap. And now I’ll let Bill speak to the financials. 
Bill Porter :  Thanks Mike. The results for the company’s key operatingmetrics for Q3 were total revenue of 9% year over year; non-GAAP operatingmargin of 30%, improving 200 basis points from Q3 of 2006; and operating cashflow of $89 million. GAAP earnings per share for Q3 were $0.24, compared to$0.14 in Q3 of 2006. Non-GAAP earnings per share for Q3 were $0.33 compared to$0.26 in Q3 of 2006, up 27% year over year. Total revenue for the third quarterwas 401 million, compared to 366 million in Q3 of 2006. Product revenue was$274 million, maintenance revenue was 96 million and services revenue was $31million. Revenue mix by geography in Q3 was 41% for North America, 25% for Europe,22% for Japanand 12% for Asia.One customer accounted for 14% of revenue.  Estimated contract life on a dollar weighted averagebasis approached four years, driven primarily by one large customer. In thequarter approx 50% of our product business was represented by ratable licenses.This was lower than our historical rate, because of a higher mix of termcontracts. Important factor which contributed to the higher level of termbusiness in Q3 was the EDA card that Mike talked about. Cadence offers bothterm and subscription EDA card contracts. The volume of EDA card contracts hasgrown rapidly over the past several quarters and has reached 1 billioncumulatively. Based on a recent experience I expect the ratable mix for Q4 tobe in the low fifties and for the year, in the low sixties.  Total cost and expenses on a non-GAAP basis for Q3were $281 million compared to $280 million in Q2. Our non-GAAP operating marginin Q3 was 30% compared to 28% in Q3 of 2006. We are on target to achieve a 30%operating margin for the full year 2007. Quarter-end head count wasapproximately 5300.  Total DSOs in Q3 were 112 days compared to 93 daysin Q3 of 2006. The higher DSOs are directly attributable to more term businessfor customers pay over time. We expect DSOs to be in the mid-nineties at yearend. The quality of our receivables remain high with receivables ninety dayspast due less than 1%.  Operating cash flow for Q3 was $89 million comparedto $60 million in the third quarter of 2006. For 2007, we expect to generateoperating cash flow of approximately $450 million. Capital expenditures in Q3were $19 million. For 2007, we expect normal capital expenditures of about $75million, plus $21 million for work on the new engineering building.  Cadence repurchased $12 million shares of commonstock at a cost of $251 million in Q3. Approximately $155 million remains underour current stock repurchase authorization.  Cash and cash equivalents were $936 million atquarter end.  Now I’ll turn to our outlook for Q4 in the year2007: for Q4 we expect revenue to be in the range of $465 to $475 million. GAAPEPS should be in the range of $0.34 to $0.36 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of$0.45 to $0.47. For the year 2007, we expect revenue to be in the range of$1.622 billion to $1.632 billion. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.94 to$0.96 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.34 to $1.36. Other income expense for207 should be in the range of $40 to $45 million.  I expect that we will attain our primary operatingmetrics for the year of growing the top line, improving operating margin andincreasing cash flow. Looking beyond this year, we should be able to grow thebusiness profitably while expanding operating margins.  Operator, we’ll now take questions.  
Operator: Your first question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer fromMerrill Lynch. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer -Merrill Lynch:  Yes thanks. Bill I’d like to ask about a couple ofassumptions behind your fourth quarter revenue outlook and your licenseoutlook. First are you expecting as we’ve seen in the last five quarters adouble digit percentage revenue customer, and secondly, for the year do youexpect as you did expect before, to be able to grow back log by the end of theyear.
Bill Porter : Sure Jay. Let me cover your second question first: I doexpect that we will grow our backlog for the year. In terms of large customers, I think we haveseen this year that we have had the ability to close large contracts as part ofour business. I think we’ve gone and done a good job of that it’s the abilityto have strong technology and to manage our pipeline and I do think that wehave an ability to do that going forward, although I don’t want to project, youknow how those things close in a particular quarter. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer -Merrill Lynch: Alright, with respect to some of the customers you named,NXP was of course in the pipeline for the year; the difference this time withthe renewal you were the primary media vendor already so what’s new about it;you also mentioned NEC America and you have been exposed to NEC Europe, so areyou now suggesting that you’re broadening your exposure and share in NEC moreglobally?
Mike Fister : Absolutely and it’s a pleasure to have been a long-standingpart of the supply dynamic to companies like NXP and I think as the pressrelease indicates today and from what you can see we’ve definitely expanded ourrelationship front to back; it’s a tremendous vote of confidence in the productdirection that we’re on. The companieslike NEC see the value of low power and dynamic there and deploy it morebroadly – those are market segment share gains as I said in my comments so Ithink a lot of the test of the metal is not just being part of the supplydynamic but a more and more integral partner, quote-unquote, with thesecompanies and increasing our ability to help them across all of the pieces ofthe solution geocentrically and technologically. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer -Merrill Lynch: Mike, in your remarks you referred to CDNLive! And thetechnologies you are working on there, but clearly you have acknowledged yourselvesthat you’re behind in DFM for example, it’s still a small percentage of yourbusiness; when do some of the things you do, based on internal technologies,Clear Shape and all the rest, really become more material; at what point do yourun the risks of say just being too far behind your peers in this growingcategory?
Mike Fister : It’s a good question. As I mentioned in the first of thecomments, a lot of our DFM is integrated into the design so that you do itright as opposed to added in later, OPC, or whatever the heck people try to doand to me is an historical artifact of the approach. Already in the GXL versions of Encounter andVirtuoso we have those technologies implicit in there. For the other elementsof modeling, which is the ability to have the same model in the design and themanufacturing process, that’s where our collaboration and now acquisition ofClear Shape has amounted to impact for over a year. And consistently throughoutnext year, we’ll see those things kick in monetarily. For the most part nowwe’re in trial with very specific clients, who have very specific problems, andwho we referred to in the last call about some memory companies – those areguys that are out already at 45 nanometers. To go back and do a bunch of DFMstuff at 130 that track’s already been laid. So a lot of that is a forwardlooking thing as people move aggressively into 65 nanometer production orcertainly 45 nanometer production - I like our chances. You have to have theimplementation flow to be able to marry with the manufacturing sign-off andmanufacturability, and so far, I’m happy with our results with the customersthat we’re in trial with. 
Bill Porter : If I could add just a little color to that, with thecorrect-by-construction particularly in digital GXL in custom and Virtuoso inGXL, you will see additional strength in those two product lines as the resultof our success with manufacturability. But we’re not going to be able to pullthat out, so at the high end of our line, and I think we talked a little aboutthis in the past, that’s going to be one of the ways that you’re going to seeus outperform traditional growth in digital and in custom is because of thestrength we’re going to bring from manufacturability up to the high end of ourdesign capability. And in addition to just taking some market share there. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer -Merrill Lynch: Alright, finally the duration of contracts on average wentup about 1/4 which you attributed to one deal. You’ve pretty much always been at 3 years up until now so what was therequirement in this particular case that the customer wanted a longer dealwhich enlarged your average. Is this a spreading phenomenon after all,notwithstanding your previous statements that three years wasn’t necessarily inyour interest or in the customers. 
Bill Porter: I do think it is unique to the customer situation, but Ithink the one thing when you do have let’s say primary status with a customerand some cases they do want a little longer footprint so they can establish adegree of stability, but I do also think that as I think about this particularsituation we still have the ability to increase our footprint there, albeit alonger contract because there’s additional value we can bring to the tablewhich we will be able to grow our run rate at that customer over the term ofthat contract. SO we’re not done there, and I think that’s the thing that weare really trying to focus on both with our model that we’ve talked about withhaving our AMTs to work with customers and the way we’re trying to sell the newtechnology. 
Mike Fister : Any time that we look at a contract that is longer thanthree year average that we’re approximately operating on the trick that we’retrying to do is not have you know a limitless access to technology goingforward - that’s what’s unhealthy about the long, long, long contracts. And inthis case, we can’t tell you a lot of the details but we do have a nice balancewith the customer and also given them a lot of confidence in the kind of timeline commitment they’re going to have to the technology base. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer -Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot.
Mike Fister : Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from [analyst] with Morgan Stanley.
Analyst for HarlanSur – Morgan Stanley: I’m calling for Harlan Sur. One question I had I’m justtrying to get a read on the tone of your end-customers, you know we see somemix bag of results – some companies are struggling, their business kind ofslowing down a bit whereas other companies are still doing well. I’m wonderingif there’s any change in the general tone in your customer base when it comesto their planned R&D spending, especially going into 2008. Thank you.
Mike Fister: Think productivity. You know what I find and it comes from my past experience is aheightened focus on productivity. Some of that is to allow them to spend moneyin other places like hire more software people, but that’s not necessarily badfor us: they relay more intensely on the value of our automation and also oneof the reasons why we pushed for strong adjacencies predicated on what we dowith verification, and one of the examples I used was hardware/softwareco-verification at a big semi-conductor company. So productivity is also the thing that drivessome of the consolidations because they can operate more efficiently, andthat’s a training dynamic as much as anything else.  I think some people get over-focused on core spending goingdown – people spend a lot of money on things besides licensing technology, yougot to train people and deal with errata and all those kinds of things sothat’s what we’re responding to. The other two areas that we focus on arecomplexity management and time to market: the consumer cycle if you miss it,bad things happen, Christmas doesn’t wait and all those kinds of euphemisms,and so across those three and a focus on productivity will cover most of thecustomer universe, I see big companies and small companies alike. 
Bill Porter: The only thing I would add to the caller is I do see, atleast our experience with customers in Q3 is that they are holding onto theircash a little tighter, I think that’s just reflective of that kind ofuncertainty you’re seeing in that customer base as well. And so that’s probablyadding a day or so to receivables, but I think that being said, we’re also justwatching R&D spending and at this stage I don’t think we’ve seen anythingfrom customers that’s giving us any indication that they’re going todramatically change their R&D spending patterns. And so I think we’rewatching carefully and we’ll look at that in Q4 as we get ready to project whatour business is for 2008.
Analyst for HarlanSur – Morgan Stanley: Okay great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria with RBCCapital Market. 
Analyst for MaheshSanganeria - RBC Capital Markets:  Hi guys. I have a couple of questions for Mike and a few forBill. Could you comment on the impact ifany, of the change in the ratables both for this quarter and for the year? 
Bill Porter: Sure, I think one of the things that we have seen is thatparticularly with our experience with the EDA cards, we have the ability towork with customers to give them some more flexibility to, as Mike said, matchtheir design needs with their purchasing, to better align that, and given thatwe have worked on this model slowly over the last two years but it has reallypicked up speed for us in the last quarter and just by reference, we’ve seenour business with some of these term cards triple from Q2 to Q3, and thatallows us to really expand our run rate with these customers, because theexperience that we’re having is that customers because they have theflexibility of buying more when they need it are actually utilizing thetechnology at a rate that’s about 47% faster than under a traditional time basedcontract. And so what we see is the ability to increase our run rate and Ithink that is what’s going to drive the mix going forward. It’ll be unique to customers; we have somewho still prefer to access new technology but we are seeing a trend of buying thestrong technology as it’s delivered so I think we’re seeing the view that isreflecting more term EDA cards and that’s what is reflecting in my Q4 forecastfor ratability.
Mike Fister: There’s always a discussion on access to future technology andconsumption rates. The reason we gotinto this is to be able to have visibility into that; the contention with thepurchasing element as opposed to the developers is how fast or if theyconstrain the ability for the engineers to take the technology and this is agreat demonstrable of, sometimes it’s more valuable to give the guy some runway and let him go. And it’s consistent with almost anybody who’s a developeryou know, so I think it’s a responsiveness to people wanting to spend the moneyin a way that they want to spend it and having very sophisticated mechanismsfor them to do this; it’s very neat differentiating technology that we have inthe computing systems to allow real-time access to it and measure the usagemodels, and not have a debate about it. I mean, it is a database discussion then with the customers then that isour benefit.
Analyst for MaheshSanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: As a quick follow-up, can you comment on any changes to yourrevenue predictability because of a decreased ratable model?
Bill Porter: Sure, K.C. You know, one of the questions that I have had inthe past is, what do we expect to come out of backlog in 2007? That reallyhasn’t changed. I still expect that about two-thirds of our revenue for theyear is coming out of backlog. That predictor of 2007 stays the same. Now if our experience continues to be what it is in Q3 andQ4 and we are going to have about, let’s say 50% of our business coming fromthese term contracts, then of course the math will show that over time we aregoing to have 50% coming out of backlog versus what we are seeing today ofabout two-thirds. That is a tradeoff that we are willing to make, because wecan see the ability to increase our run rate with our customers, and it issomething that we will factor into our pipeline; albeit the math would showthat you don’t have that same predictability out of backlog, but we think itenhances our ability to sell more often to these customers. So I think we willget it back in terms of a richer pipeline over time.
Mike Fister: Absolutely. The one thing I would add to the debate for thevalue of the technology, anybody who goes out and does extremely, extremelylong deals is, I think, diminishing the value. We've been very forthright tosay we would like to demonstrate the value to our customers and I think we'llget some return on that. This is just an ever-increasing focus for us to try todo a good job at maximizing the value of the fantastic technology we deliver. 
Analyst for MaheshSanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: I've got two quick questions on the balance sheet. Goingforward, how should we view debt and also how should we view income frominterest going forward? 
Bill Porter: Sure. In terms of the debt on our balance sheet, as many ofyou know, our original convertible, a portion of that will be callable thissummer. So the $230 million is now short term and you can see that in theclassification. So you would expect that would be retired. I think we'll look at the trade-offs toadding additional leverage on the balance sheet. I've been asked that in thepast and I think it makes sense for software companies and ones particularlythat generate good cash flow to have reasonable leverage. We will look at thetiming and the availability of the debt markets to do that. But I think we'lljust watch that and see. Our inclination is a little more is better.  In terms of other interest and expense, I think I gave aforecast there that it is in the 40 to 45 for the year, so I think that'sprobably the best estimate we have right now and then again, we'll look at nextyear when we talk about that in January.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terence Whalen – CitiInvestment Research.
Terence Whalen – CitiInvestment Research: Great, thanks for taking my question. This one relates tocash flow and the $450 million target for this year for cash flow fromoperations. What amount of receivable sales in the fourth quarter is implied tohit that $450 million target? 
Bill Porter:   Terence, I think that's going to really depend on what cashthat we're going to be able to get from customers in the fourth quarter. Wedon't have a specific target. It's really the mix of business that we get.We're feeling that we're about the same level we were last year, in terms ofnine months and cash from operations. It's a little over $200 million plus. Weexpect to have a good cash flow quarter in Q4 that goes along with our historyand you can expect that we will be selling some receivables. Those are thingsthat the financial institutions value and we think it's something that we canget a good return on by using that cash in our business.  So I don't have a specific number for you, but it will be areasonable amount of our normal cash from operations like it has been in thepast.
Terence Whalen – CitiInvestment Research: Another question related to the license mix. As youtransition the business into next year, relying more on upfront versus ratable,do you expect the frequency or the concentration of 10% plus customers in aquarter to increase versus 2007?  Secondly, what changes are being made in terms of theapproach based upon the salesforce perspective to customers with this modelchange and any other operational changes that go to the model change mix betweenratable and upfront? Thanks.
Bill Porter:   Terence, I don't know that we're going to see an increase inthe number of large contracts. I think there's a certain number of largecustomers in the world, all of which I think we serve, and we work closely withthose customers to meet their technology needs. I don't know that we're going to see anything dramatic in terms of achange there.  In terms of working with the salesforce, one of the thingsthat we have and we alluded to earlier, is we have very good visibility intothe consumption of the technology, as does the customer. That allows us to workvery closely with the customer to help get them technology that they need whenthey need it. They appreciate it and it helps our salesforce help them. I thinkwe all have better knowledge.  The other thing that I would just emphasize is this is arefinement of the use that we see of customers with contracts. I don't see thisas any kind of a model change, just to be clear from my perspective.
Mike Fister: I'm out in front with Kevin a lot with the customers. Whatwe do with the salesforce specifically is we use the techniques that we have toreinforce the value and opportunity for run rate continuous business with thecustomers. You can tell that by the testimonials that come quarter afterquarter where you see like names over and over again and this is something thatis a mindset with some of our field people, because a very old-fashionedmindset would have been “I got the contract and now I don't go back and look atit again for three more years.” No. There's business every quarter withexpansion of the license usage that we have and/or new technology areas thatare geocentric, because most of these big customers, as Bill says, areoperating in all different places of the world and that's the refinement we'vemade that many people may talk about --that's what we do.  I think the team's doing a nice job there so far, and we'vegot some more that we can take that. That's why something like an EDA card issuch a neat mechanism because it reinforces the mechanism that we use for oursales teams, our application engineering teams to have that conversation withall aspects of the customer.
Bill Porter:  Your question is agood one. The salesforce works closely because they can assist the customer toutilize that technology faster. I thinkthat's the one experience that we have now seen over the two years that we haveslowly introduced and then got acceptance of using these cards is thatcustomers are actually utilizing the technology, as I mentioned, 47% faster. Soit allows the salesforce to work with them to get that new technology intothose customers and to have additional selling opportunities and essentiallygrow our run rate.
Operator:  Your next questioncomes from Sterling Auty - JP Morgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: I want to dig deeper into these EDA cards. If they're a termstructure, that means they're locking into a specific product and a specificversion that they can actually take down. That's correct, right?
Bill Porter:   Sterling, theyactually have a choice, so we offer both. With the ones that we have seen themadopting the fastest is the term-type card. That's correct. So it is locked into a fixed price book.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan:  But you talked aboutthat you've been able to give the customers the flexibility. What do you meanby giving them the flexibility then?
Mike Fister:    What I mentioned,what they can do is they can draw the technology down faster. They pay moremoney to do that. It allows them to match a short-term capacity with a demandthat they might have. They're basically making a trade-off of whether they havea long-term commitment or not. To me it's a little bit like renting a car. Ifyou know you're going to have a car for a year you might do something differentthan if you're going to rent it by the week. You pay more to rent it by theweek. You know, that works out really good for you when that's all the need youhave.  Some of this is a little bit of the tension or the nominalconversation you have between the users of the technology and maybe even thepurchasers of the technology. This is a real good, objective way to be able tohave that discussion without constraining the access. The things have a fixedduration so they expire and in that respect they are really no different than aregular contract. So it is use it or lose it, and it works out good.
Bill Porter: Let me give you another example, Sterling,because it may help. Say a traditional contract the customer would license ten seatsfor three years. They would have those ten seats, they would use them for threeyears. If they get a card, they can start off with ten seats and then as theysee a project need, they can increase that and start going to say 15 or 20seats and generate more capacity and burn through those seats faster. Say atthe end of two years, they have burned through that technology, used it whenthey needed it and now are coming back for some additional technology.  So that's a way that customers can utilize the technologyfaster to meet their needs.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan:  I guess I'm still alittle bit confused. Are you saying that out of the ten seats per year and you're using up the number of chips thatyou've got and then you come back and purchase more versus if it's subscriptionyou subscribe for ten seats you can only use ten seats at a time over the threeyears?
Bill Porter: Generally, yes. In my example, if they only had a contractthat allowed them to get ten seats, that what their capacity would be.
Mike Fister: Another way to thing about it, this is a good way to have adifferent discussion about remix, historically people would have gone and triedto have an endless debate on an infinite amount of remix opportunity. Now youtake that discussion out of play because people can buy the technology theywant for a spontaneous demand. The design is nichy that way. You get goingalong the thing and you get close to a tape out and you decide you need a bunchof more licenses for some element, say seasonal integrity analysis.Historically, you might have been ultimately constrained so you say to theengineers work harder or fail. This gives them a very easy way to go and blipthat technology up without having that debate and pay a little bit more for thepleasure or the privilege of being able to do that. We both are happy and offyou go.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan:  What is thecollection structure in terms of the payment under a term-based EDA card?
Bill Porter: The payment structures are very much like a traditional termcontract, and of course, we incent the field to try to get more cash up frontand we are continuing to look to do more of that. But essentially, it is paymentover time or with incentives for our salesforce, as you know, they getcommissioned when we get the cash, to more and more get that up front. But weallow both.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: But with a jump in DSOs, are you seeing that most of thecustomers are choosing to pay annually over three years or what is theexperience that you're seeing with these?
Bill Porter: Well, I think the experience is about the same that we seewith normal term contracts. I don't think we've seen anything significantlydifferent so far.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: We saw that there's a jump up in long-term deferred. Can yougive us a little bit more color there?
Bill Porter: I think as I've described in the past, that's just ourability in some cases to get cash ahead of when revenue is recognized. When youhave increases in either short-term or long-term deferred, that's just aboutgetting some of that cash before the revenue is recognized. I wouldn't try tomake it much more, other than that.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Mike, I am curious what you are seeing out there in themarketplace. It would seem to me that 2005/2006 you guys had a field day, Ithink, taking market share away from Mentorin the emulation space. I think now that the [Deloche] has been out there for anumber of quarters, it seems to be gaining traction within the old, existing Mentoraccounts. Are you finding that it's harder to win some of those accounts now?
Mike Fister: That's a good observation. Anybody will first try to farmtheir installed base and that was one ofthe reasons why I put in the prepared comments some of the momentum that wehave around our emulator families. It is not just a one-hit wonder with us,we've got some great products across the acceleration, all the way up throughthe emulation.  We have a targeted program to go back and upgrade our baseand are doing very well. We have seen some competitive momentum in marketsegment share shift as well, but it has not been totally the focus. I mean,we've got the next generation Palladium coming to debut next year. We've got avery nice potpourri of systems all the way from acceleration up throughPalladium 3 and then the anticipation coming of the unified architecture.  So I like our progress. I don't think that we've lostanything that we didn't expect. We've been very targeted and the real value inthe emulation for us isn't just in the functional logic simulation. It's in thesoftware/hardware coverification. That's why I think that testimonial that Irattled off was indicative.  That is the strength of our total verification approach andstory, aided with emulation as a neat piece of it. I think we have the mostcomprehensive offering and strategies that way and the stuff that we're doingwith some of these leading edge customers reinforces that as a component ofgrowth for our emulation capability.
Bill Porter: Sterling, Iwould just add that we are continuing to grow that piece of the business. It isgrowing for us year-over-year in both existing and new accounts.
Operator:  Your next questioncomes from Benjamin Pappas – D.A. Davidson.
Benjamin Pappas –D.A. Davidson: You mentioned the relationship with NXP is expanding. Is itfair to assume then that the overall revenue run rate will increase on anannual basis?
Bill Porter: I did mention that I think as our relationship expanded, Ido expect that we will, over time, increase our run rate as we deliver newcapabilities to the customer.
Benjamin Pappas –D.A. Davidson: Fair enough. In the past, I know you used to mention percentof new bookings booked at subscription. Do you have that number again?
Bill Porter: I think what you're referring to is what I talked a littleearlier about in terms of the percentage of our business that's ratable and inQ3, it was 50%.
Operator: This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you forparticipating on the Cadence third quarter 2007 earnings conference call.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-25 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Jennifer Jordan - Corporate VP of IR   Mike Fister - President and CEO   Bill Porter - EVP and CFO 
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch   Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital   Terence Whalen - Citigroup   Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley   Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank   Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson   Saket - JP Morgan   Raj Seth - Cowen & Company   Rich Valera - Needham & Company   Erach Desai - America's Growth Capital 
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Gillette and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you.  I will now turn the call over to Ms. Jennifer Jordan, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. 
Jennifer Jordan: Thank you Gillette. And welcome to our earnings conference call for the second quarter of 2007. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, www.cadence.com and will be archived for one week.  With me today are Mike Fister, President and CEO and Bill Porter, Executive Vice President and CFO.  Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements, and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our 10-K for the period ended December 30, 2006 and our 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2007.  In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today.  Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our earnings press release for a discussion of non-GAAP measures and to both our earnings press release and our website for reconciliations of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures used in today's discussions.  Now, I will turn the call over to Mr. Fister. 
Mike Fister: Thanks, Jennifer. Our results for Q2 again collaborate our technologies, and strategies continue to be in line with our customers needs. Revenue grew 9% over the same period in 2006 and non-GAAP EPS was up 30% on the same basis.  In a semiconductor environment, which I will continue to characterize as mixed, we saw good underlying design activity and accelerating movement to more advanced process geometries. And continue to execute to our strategy of growing our core business while expanding into the systems and manufacturing adjacencies.  To illustrate our continued progress, let me focus on some of our achievements this quarter. Functional verification again delivered excellent results in the period. We are leading the market segment with solutions that improve our customers' productivity while helping to manage the verification challenge across teams and at higher levels of abstraction.  Customers who are working at the stack with advanced verification capability rely on Cadence Incisive Enterprise to get their design done on time and functionally correct.  UK based Imagination Technologies had great success delivering SoC IP platforms and the consumer graphics and multimedia systems for major semiconductor companies and systems OEMs. These platforms required advanced verification solutions that can be easily integrated into existing design flow and across multiple engineering teams.  Already a user of Incisive Enterprise from the front-end designs test and simulations, Imagination Technologies expanded its usage of both Incisive Enterprise and Incisive Formal Verification to ensure overall quality and time to delivery.  Another aspect of improving our customers' productivity is facilitating the adoption of new methodologies. Soon as IT solutions and services saw an advantage in choosing Cadence's System Verilog solutions because they were the easiest to adopt and most practical for the logic design and verification teams.  Our acceleration and emulation solutions also improve our customers' productivity when it comes to hardware and software co-design and co-verification. Sun Microsystems use Incisive Xtreme, cut by roughly half. The development cycle on the design on the 32 bit processor, UltraSPARC T1. Xtreme's ability to swap simulation between software and hardware environment greatly reduces Sun's times to bring up and allow them to boot the Solaris operating system on the UltraSPARC design before committing at the silicon.  During the second quarter, we released the design with verification component for our logic design team solution. The integration of verification of logic design capabilities is resonating with customers. For example, G2 Microsystems, a firm designing ultra low-power Wi-Fi chips, adopted the complete logic design team and input Cadence Low-Power Solution to maximize their design as productivity.  Moving to 65 nanometer digital designs accelerated in Q2 with strong demand for low-power flows and some leading edge customers already driving the 45 nanometers.  Our particular strength in low-power advance are fueling our competitive success at both these nodes where numerous customers have taped out designs using Cadence Low-Power Solutions.  TSMC now supports the Cadence Low-Power Solution Encounter GXL technologies for their 45 nanometer reference flow. Cadence expanded its IC digital implementation capability by adopting Encounter GXL, including low-power capability. And we deliver the industry's first low-power kit in the second quarter, providing end-to-end methodology with an ARM-based reference design and IP covering larger design, functional verification and physical implementation.  In addition, the number of customers adopting the Encounter Timing Systems doubled in only the second full quarter of availability. ETS allows customers to complete their design entirely within a Cadence digital flow.  Our custom IC business continues to track according to the plan. It help drive our excellent performance in the Asia-Pacific region this quarter, where we had great success with memory companies.  As you may recall, memory is one of the five drivers of the Virtuoso platform, the others being wireless, analog, mixed-signal and RF. The advanced demand of leading-edge memory design resulted in the expansion of Virtuoso technology at several leading memory in electronics companies in Taiwan and Korea and a significant competitive win in North America. A leading US memory company has chosen to move its custom design flow to Cadence due to the advanced capabilities that new Virtuoso has.  We also collaborated with TSMC to deliver 65-nanometer RF where we have process design capability in Virtuoso platform. The combination of TSMC process technology and libraries with the Cadence design flow provides an end-to-end solution for designers of wireless expertise.  A key trend of our RDFM strategy is enabling the creation of process-friendly designs by building yield awareness into both Encounter and Virtuoso flows. TSMC's 45-nanometer reference flow drives on several Cadence DFM technologies, including QRC extraction, the first extraction tool qualified to 45-nanometers as well CMP predictor in chip optimize or maximize yields.  Additionally, we worked to start the research consortium for the Japanese semiconductor market to develop a design flow that addresses the most pressing 65 nanometer DFM challenges.  The purchase of Invarium this month, Cadence gains the next-generation technology to address litho, etch, metallurgy in manufacturability requirements at 45 nanometers and below.  In June, we delivered on schedule, a major upgrade of Allegro, our silicon-package-board platform. This upgrade includes highly automated board planning and routing technology and new RF capabilities.  In the quarter, Allegro won a PCB competitive replacement at a major North American systems company and we also had several good IC packaging and system and package wins as our SIP solutions continue to gain momentum.  In conclusion, we had another great quarter and I am very pleased with the progress and now I will turn it over to Bill. 
Bill Porter: Thanks Mike. The results of the company's key operating metrics for Q2 were total revenue up 9% year-over-year, non-GAAP operating margin of 28% improving 300 basis points from Q2 of 2006, and operating cash flow was $101 million.  GAAP earnings per share for Q2 of 2007 were $0.20, compared to $0.10 in Q2 of 2006. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.30 for the quarter, compared to $0.23 in Q2 of 2006, up 30% year-over-year.  Total revenue for the second quarter was $391 million, compared to $359 million in Q2 of 2006. Product revenue was $264 million, maintenance revenue was $94 million, and services revenue was $33 million.  Revenue mix by geography in Q2 was 52% for North America, 17% for Europe, 17% for Asia, and 14% for Japan. We saw particular strength in our broad base accounts. During the quarter one customer accounted for 18% of revenue.  In the quarter, approximately 75% of our product business was represented by ratable licenses. Estimated contract life on a dollar weighted average basis was approximately three years.  Total costs and expenses, on a non-GAAP basis for Q2 were $280 million, compared to $277 million in Q1. Our non-GAAP operating margin in Q2 was 28% compared to 25% in Q2 of 2006. We are on target to achieve a 30% operating margin for the full year 2007.  Quarter-end headcount was approximately 5,200. Total DSOs in Q2 were 102 days compared to 100 days in Q2 of 2006. We expect DSOs to be in the mid to high 80s at year end. The quality of receivables remained high with receivables 90 days past due at 1% within our historical range of 1% to 3%.  Operating cash flow for Q2 was $101 million compared to $115 million in the second quarter of 2006. For 2007, we expect to generate operating cash flow of approximately $450 million.  Capital expenditures in Q2 were $18 million. For 2007, we're targeting normal capital expenditures in the $75 million range plus $22 million for work on the new engineering building.  Cadence did not repurchase any common stock in Q2. Approximately $406 million remains under our current stock repurchase authorization. Cash and cash equivalents were $1.129 billion at quarter end.  Now I'll turn to our outlook for Q3 and the year 2007. For Q3, we expect revenue to be in the range of $395 million to $405 million. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.20 to $0.22 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.31 to $0.33. For the year 2007, we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.585 billion to $1.635 billion.  GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.85 to $0.93 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.28 to $1.36. Other income and expense for 2007 should be in the range of $40 million to $45 million.  I see 2007 progressing as planned, and I expect that we will attain our growth, profitability and cash flow goals for the year. Looking beyond this year, we should be able to grow the business profitably, while expanding our operating margins above 30%.  Operator, we will now take questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, good afternoon. Mike I would like to ask you a somewhat broad question about how changes among your semiconductor customers might affect EDA and you. We have seen in just the last few days and weeks a new relationship between ST and IBM. ST also seems to be doing some work with Freescale. There were some reports out of Japan yesterday about some of the Japanese semiconductor companies perhaps pulling some of their R&D resources and the like and so as any role of that plays out how do you think that could affect EDA? 
Mike Fister: Jay, it's not unanticipated the kind of things that have been happening and lot of it is around new process technology generation, some around more efficient use of outsource possibility. In any case, I think EDA was one of the first things that is disaggregating, not too lately followed by semiconductor equipment and even IP blocks. And so I think for those of us, who can invest money and provide valuable solutions we become extremely valuable. And it gives us even more targeted opportunities as it consolidates. The customers when they do that aren’t just softening our cost but also focusing where they grow and its typically been around systems kind of things, platform design, software integration and verification resources, because these chips are amazingly complex. And that's right in the sweet spot where we end our adjacency penetration and where we are achieving extremely nice growth. So I think it bodes well for us, both in the alignment of our technologies and the direction of the company and to make possible transition for our customers as they evolve to be a little bit more system or platform centric. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: A technology question for you. I appreciate what the company has been saying for a number of months. Now regarding you're somewhat different view of DFM than perhaps the way it has been described to date elsewhere in the industry and you have made some small acquisitions. The question is as reported your DFM revenue is still a very small percentage of the total, but its apparent that it’s a very real problem, I mean you just have to go to the [day or dark] shows to see that or otherwise talk to the customers. At what point do you think that you run the risk of in some way falling behind necessitating either a redoubling of efforts on the internal R&D side or more to the point something along the line that what you did five or six years ago on the digital side, you just go out have to buy something's to get your portfolio to where it really needs to be? 
Mike Fister: Yeah, I think it's confusing because as you know, I and Lee we are very passionate about the way that the world evolves and the world evolves from a physical sign off which is where most report their DFM revenue, including us. And that's a historical artifact to broadening it to include a kind of a correct by construction or I am going to say the big D in DFM, that's a design pro-action for manufacture ability.  The growth in our digital business or our full custom business is representative progress in DFM, because those are technologies that we embed into the high-end strata of our Encounter Virtuoso platforms. And so, we are making nice progress there. I don't know if we are any credit for it.  The completer or additions that we've done either with partnerships and sometimes with acquisitions. Our completer technologies that really fell out, the componentized approach that we are taking and that's both allowing us to do that up the stack in design pro-action and down into manufacturing signoff.  And I think that the testimony that you saw today, you head about today from Bill and I in the memory spaces our great collaboration of just how much progress we are making there. People are adopting full custom they are doing that in anticipation of the DFM stuff or because they are doing it up the stack, there is a 45 and 50 nanometer process technology and it bodes very nicely for the progress we are making for some big digital customers at the same kind of targets.  So, I am not unhappy with exactly what we are doing and I think that the development teams are right on par to change the world in DFM as it continues to move down the process curves. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay, one final one for Bill. This quarter too you had a large customer account for a substantial portion of your revenue which we've seen in a number of quarters now over the last year. Is this embedded now, do you think and the way the business comes in that there is just going to be as a matter of course every quarter, a substantial percentage of revenues coming from a single customer. And between now and at the end of the year for example, we know that there is three or four customers coming up for substantial renewal representing together anywhere around $1.5 billion of bookings, so are you anticipating that over the next two to three quarters, we are going to see substantial amount of upfront revenue or reported revenue coming from the small number of customers? 
Bill Porter: Yeah Jay, as you know our customer profile and we have been pretty exclusive. We have 35% of the business, it comes from around 15 accounts, so what you are seeing is the success we are having with some of the large global customers, its just an indication of the strength in the breadth of our technology. And I do expect that we will continue to have this kind of success going forward but the thing I just emphasize is the success isn't just isolated to large customers. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are seeing really good results across the broad base of accounts, so I think it's a combination with the large customers we are having success, you see that as the occasional 10% plus customer and it is happening frequently because we are having good success there. But we are also having good success in our broad base of geographic accounts. So I think that nice portfolio of large and small customers just like we have the success with the portfolio of our technologies. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thank you 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: Thank you very much. Mike, I just want to follow-up on something you mentioned in your prepared remark about the low-power, can you help us understand the low-power design the point tools little better? Are you selling mostly that with the digital flow and with your platform or that goes even with the Synopsys Platform, and basically, given idea of what the market size is and probably this one is growing much faster than the other segment, so a lot more color on that will be helpful? 
Mike Fister: Yeah, I am an old digital designer and work is going to change the world and evolve just like we did, when the world was totally a vertical by looking at a homogenous or what I would call holistic flow that approaches the hard problems like power.  What that does as it preserves the intention of the designer all the way through the process from synthesis, logic design, circuit design, test and back and forth. And that's the way we approach low-power.  Kind of testimonials that are in the remarks that we had and we are seeing in the industry every week, are people taking advantage of that holistic or homogenous flow and then applying it and seeing huge impacts on power and that's because its not just some circuit design trick or a logic design trick. It's a consistency of all those things additively improving the power.  We did that by not only saying but by integrating that across all facets of our tool chain and that's Encounter digital, that's a Virtuoso, that's a verification technologies, it's into what we call DFM and that's what allows it to happen. And I think other people will try to emulate that.  I believe to tell you from 30 years we're doing this it's going to be very darning and difficult, because we had to change sourced fundamental pieces of the code across every one of this tools and architected into do that. I often describe that or my colleagues in the development side as optimizing between the pieces and we get amazing results. I mean we see 40% power reductions in OnCore integrated IC's just by using the tools and we've just only scratched the surface for what we can do. So it's not a point tool where we got some kind of a trick for like multiple thresholds or the [multi-DVD] or something. Of course we got that, but is by allowing all those pieces to work and not have one trick undo another trick. That's the kind of cleverness that's involved in a holistic flow.  As you know power is one of the bigger barriers now for either building big chips or building chips that have to run on a battery. And so we just use this as one of the first demonstration places to show the power from, and no pun intended, of looking at the problem and/or as a holistic mass.  So in the market segment side I think, I don't know. To me what it does is it continues to drive the value of the total offering as a company. It is interesting in consolidating customer situations. Even in ones that don't use Cadence its interesting and people who without our whole digital flow or people who adopt our logic design theme, which is a front-end plus verification. And so they can adopt some pieces of it with some success, but the real big wins are when people adopt the flow homogeneously. Does that help you? 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: Yeah, that's very helpful. And just have a question for Bill. Your R&D expenses went up in the quarter can you even describe that little bit? 
Bill Porter: Sure it did, I think that would be just the normal increase that we would see in the second quarter from adding a little bit of account and that’s when we have our myriad increase which comes in Q2. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: And so going forward we should expect that to that remains flattish? 
Bill Porter: Yes it should. And as you know we are managing our costs and expenses on a total basis. And we do continue to expect to get very good leverage in our operating margins. So costs are going to be growing at that lower rate and then we will see the leverage in the model. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: So, it looks like you took some expense out of SG&A and increased the R&D so that’s how you are going to manage it? 
Bill Porter: Yes, again the expenses aren’t going to grow significantly through out the year. Those are all relatively constant, there is going to be small ebbs and flows depending on the different line items. But in total, relatively modest growth and that’s how we are investing in the business, we can get good leverage both in the field and good efficiencies in our R&D teams with better [OpEx]. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Terence Whalen with Citigroup. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Thanks, a quick one for Bill. Bill it seems like the stock buyback went down this quarter. Can you explain to us and also give us your outlook for stock buyback and your considerations going forward? Thanks. 
Bill Porter: Sure, Terence. We pick our times to be in the market and this I've described to many of you. Our objective for the use of our free cash remains to make investment that will help us grow in the adjacencies. And also to repurchase shares, and as you have seen from some of our announcements, we are active in making some select investments particularly in the DFM areas in Q2 and then also this quarter. So, we keep ourselves busy in both fronts, but our objectives remain the same. And I think you will be seeing us active on both fronts, but we don't telegraph that in advance. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Sure, and then a quick follow-up regarding acquisition. It looks like the cash outlay for Invarium was pretty modest. You have also made another DFM acquisition. And then outside of Cadence, we have seen a couple other acquisitions from the other top players. Is there any change in perspective, do you think for either the industry or for Cadence regarding acquisitions within EDA? Thank you. 
Bill Porter: So, Terence, let me just to be clear, we announced Invarium after the quarter closed, okay. So that just you don't have the wrong impression on what was closed during the quarter. In terms of our acquisitions in the quarter again and we have been pretty consistent that most of our dollars are going to be going to funding growth in the adjacencies, both in our increases in headcount as well as from our increases in acquisition dollars. So, that's really where the focus of our dollars will go and we continue to also grow the quarter nicely, but that's primarily organic. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with Morgan Stanley. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. Great job on the quarterly execution. Mike, it seems like we are in the bottom in-process here in the semiconductor industry. Just wondering maybe you can talk about some other demand trends you are seeing in the different end markets, consumer, communications, computing and trends towards migrating towards the advanced technology in each of those segments? 
Mike Fister: Yeah, not much just changed. The elements to consumer are really, really hard, exciting. Those are all mixed signal trends. Some of them stay at 180 or 130. There is a lot more aggressive move to try to get to 65 by some people and kind of skip in over 90 as we've talked about before.  In any case, those are extremely complex chips and the kind of tripping over not only mixed signal but verification, a lot of MAC core, bit cores on a die, so there are software core design issues. And that's one of the things that make some fun.  The computing electronics is up and down. I wanted to say the communication especially around wireless that are very exciting, seen some announcements of some of our wireless companies especially building an ultra-wideband product or something that have been testimonies to the technology. Those are kind of mixture of 90 and 65 probably.  On big digital, the biggest of the big are moving aggressively the 45 nanometers and have stepped up to 65 nanometer design or doing all the most complex chips on the digital side and they tend to be extremely power conscious kind of the previous conversation. So, it doesn't always have to be advanced in the movement that funds the need for evolution of the tools.  In general, I think we are in unlocking capability for our customers to either move up that abstraction software verification or whatever, or try to attack productivity you are trying in the market. And that's been wonderfully consistent or release my three years and I think it's going to persist for the next period of time too. So, we are participating in across all those things and tend to make our business little kind of cyclic. So, we don't have to worry about if ones are little bit slower and one isn't or any particular customer. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then queuing off some of the DFM focus question, I mean it actually does seem like from my perspective that the Cadence team is very focused on DFM. I think more recently you brought on board a pretty senior executive in the space with a great track record. I know you’ve made some small acquisitions, the most recent being Invarium. Is the message here that you are just trying to accelerate the progress and penetration into this emerging market segment or I mean how would you characterize the DFM strategy as it stands today? 
Mike Fister: It’s a revolution to something that has been relatively static in the industry for almost since the mid 90s, at least from my participation as a chip developer. And our team especially Jim had to get a lot of the rest of the pieces in the play, including they get the Catina technology integrated nicely in which is just a wonderful job of and that was a foundation with the PVS to kind of componentize the platform both up the stack or correct by construction and then sign off.  In the modeling technology approach, that’s an evolution of physical rules, its not about just how close the wires are now you got a model of the things around three dynamics, lithography, metallization as well the progress for [servicing] has got to do with and chemical etch.  Are the way that we change that whole industry and I can appreciate some level of abstractness in that because we are very focused with some big companies at different elements of it? And we embedded the, correct my constructed things up into the design stack.  Yeah, we are passionate about it, Jim has continued to evolve the team, I think its very exciting to see what’s going on there. And I and he are both intimate with the customers all around the world and I like our position. No we are not trying to just replace some other incumbent because that will happen as a byproduct of the revolution. We are trying to change the way that our customers' can really work with the ecosystem Ask the foundries, the IP guys and achieve better results and that's the kind of a change that we're facilitating. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great, thank you and again, congratulations on a nice execution. 
Mike Fister: Okay. Thanks Harlan. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Fox with Deutsche Bank. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Good afternoon. Just following on the earlier question about the activity, the advance nodes up. Can you characterize in your view Mike, where we are. And the mainstream customers move to 65, we've heard a number of competitive benchmarks that are going on. Some customers are struggling mightily. Just wondering, how active you see that benchmarking activity now and where you would think we are in that cycle? 
Mike Fister: Yeah, I was given a talk at one of the CD and Mizo a week or two ago. We are at eight active process nodes now as opposed to four, which would have been historical to participate in.  So it's not all about a rush to 65 or 45, although, that's an important element of demonstration of new technologies attacking this DFM things. God helped us in building a big verifiable system, and for the big digital guys have been at 65 and now some of them moving aggressively to 45, that's kind of another year in transition.  And the now, mixed-signal people are trying to go either to 90 or skip over 90 and the 65, we are very far along that transition, but there is a lot of legacy that will move over the next few years.  So, I think as a proving ground I am excited about what we've been able to do with some of those lead vehicles at 65 around complexity, power and manufacture ability or let's call predictability in general. Sometimes that's first time right, sometimes its [parasitic] speed and power for sure. And those guys, those leading edge customers are good kind of roto-routers for the process and there is a lot to show that the topness of 90 actually learned a lot as we got the 65 and the ramp rates can be faster. The thing, I think Tim it's difficult to project and where some of the struggle is, is that 45 because the learning curves don't totally apply to 45, in fact they may not apply very well. Now mostly around manufacturability fancy stuff like lithography, like I characterizes lithography a metallization. And so that's the biggest dynamic. There is one other dynamic it's just a practical one. Some of our customers -- because I am already back to the first question, are trying to decide how to make massive improvements in their cost bases and they are considering mega consolidations.  We've been very proud of the few that we've been able to be public testimonials on and that requires big changes in their mindset and the engineering teams and so that's another source of complication to this whole thing. Now they are trying to get their design teams to figure out how to move or they may have tens if not a hundreds of designs in the middle between the old and the new way. And so, its not just about process technology but in any case they value when you get results that's why these things around power and complexity and time in the market are resonating I think and its takes the complete technology portfolio to do that, whether you are doing a pure digital or mixed signal device and everyone is struggling with that right now. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And secondly we've heard from one of your competitors that their new emulation product is doing fairly well at least in the early stages of its delivery, just wondering have you seen anything out of the competition any change in the dynamics to the Palladium family? 
Mike Fister: Well, I tell you, we continue to have great success with not only enterprise level but anything that's advanced certification and you could tell in the prepared remarks about some of the co-verification or co-design for software in silicon, I think we only stretch to service that. It's not of just a Palladium thing, for us its sound like stream and the complexity, I am saying the compliment of that entire line is very intriguing. The only place we have seen is upgrade potentials in the competitive install base. I now tell you that we have lost anything to any of our competitors and our Palladium space. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And lastly just one quick for Bill. Did you say bookings from time base for 75%? 
Bill Porter: I did Tim. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then 18% revenue customer was that more weighted to and upfront just given the size of that revenue? 
Bill Porter: Yes that would be, essentially any customer that has that level of revenue in a quarter would be a term contract just to be specific. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Well termed, okay. Thank you very good quarter. 
Bill Porter: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Petkun with D.A. Davidson. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson: Hi good afternoon. Then just real quickly, I know you guys haven't given the exact number in the last couple of quarters, but roughly what percentage of the revenue in the quarter came from backlog. 
Bill Porter: Matt, the percentages for the year continues to be two thirds. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson: Okay. And then there is a lot of talk obviously about DFM and I think its pretty clear to all of us that the private closest revenue opportunity in terms of adjacencies is probably going to be in DFM. But, Mike I was wondering if you could give us some more insight as to what might be going on in your mind in terms of system level design. Obviously, you talked about getting into higher levels of abstraction, your verification product lines, but are there other elements that you are looking at in terms of offering system level design technology perhaps even things outside of traditional EDA offerings? 
Mike Fister: Yeah, the first thing I would say is, I don’t know if I would say that the nearest revenue opportunity is DFM and I actually think that as we revolutionize that, that’s got a relatively slow and predictive fulfillment cycle, because you want to be calculative about the customers you are dealing. That’s why there is some discussion.  The fast growing part of the business is in verification of the stack as I call it in there, in that element in of design and that’s because there is large numbers of engineers that are being specialized to go and do that verification and we can start to touch the software side and the system side. We do that through the emulation, simulation and in the VPA the process architecture that we did when we merged with Verasity and that’s the simplest part of the tools.  We are already out there with tools that are called ISX, that appeals to the soft dynamic, software environment, we are doing now, out there with the tool already active called Builder, which allows engineers, either verification and design engineers to make tradeoffs in the construction, how many cores should I have, how much memory should I have, those kind of tradeoffs and we are up there with the incubated technologies that we discussed on analyst day in CTS and then one that we didn’t name that are way up the systems stack.  If you studied Hitachi announcements you will find that they were a testimony for using that CTS technology. So the thing that makes it magical from an all silicon designer is that you can test the idea predictably, through all that kind of fancy tool, mumbo-jumbo, as it will be implemented in the IC.  I've shown that as, in stair-steps that lead all the way down into the implementation. That's the thing that makes our technology strong and why that part of the business is growing great. That's the thing that’s isolated the pieces of system design environment that some of the historical analyst have held out as the golden nirvana. And I think it's a holistic view once again. Probably a lot of people discount that as [marching] high and capable of that. I'm a technology guy. And I think that’s really going to revolutionize the systems designs penetration and it just an unlimited ability to grow up that stack as it's ten or hundreds times the size in total available market of the core EDA designs space expanse.  So, I really think that that's a lot of where the future is and especially in the immediate one, we've enjoyed great success over the last two and a half or two years and I think we've only touched the surface of it. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson: Okay. Thanks. Then just my final question. Mike, if you comment a little bit on the pricing environment both in digital designs as also verification, as the caller early noted the total spend on the semiconductor side continues to consolidate, but it really doesn't seem like in the EDA market to spend a reduction and funding for both new design implementation software as new verification. Obviously, with [Manor] coming in and deciding to finally play in the implementation space, I just wondered what your view on pricing is both in the current quarter and as you look through the remainder of this year. 
Mike Fister: Yeah, I don't know. I mean in the digital stuff, it's hardly commoditized in the low end of it. It's got nothing to do with Mentor making an investment or not to be best and I am going to see how that turns out over time. It's the incumbents that are Magma, Synopsys and Cadence. We enjoy a major market position in the back-end stuff. And when we segmented the product line, it stratified that usage by functions, so that we get more value for the more complex functions when you are doing a complex chip or not.  Bill has reported that we've seen some nice trends there and we will continue to report on those. The thing that really makes the value go is that holistic thing like power and that's why that's the mega change, because it drags digital into verification where there is not as much. I mean we are very, I think differentiated in our verification offering. And the pricing is not as aggressive.  Now in a piece of it like Palladium versus somebody else, you build an imitator or competitor Palladium. Maybe there is some pricing competition. But increasingly, we are not just selling it Palladium against that. We sell Palladium with our Incisive product line as our kit itself, as a holistic entity. And they drag each other because they are inner optimized between he pieces.  And so in many cases kind of holistic bindings for preference that demonstrates the interoperability to a business thing, power, time the market, productivity, that's what customers pay for.  The last point I would make is on verification is very interesting and it happens on pieces of the other product line. You can let the computer automation and spun multiple licenses per engineers, so it's not just to proceed. In the simulation, we've shown our customers how they buy 100 licenses and let 100 of those things go at once. One engineer can analyzes those 100 things, so they can get the thing done faster in terms of calendar days. We do that a little bit with our Encounter back-end, because we can spun it across 20 different servers and decrease the amount of its runtime that it takes to do that. And so there is a isolated pieces and verification Encounter placing around and even manufacturer ability where that's going to be material. And that's the third reason why customers spend more money.  Once you get in there and you show them a value always appealing to those business processes, they'll pay more money because that allows our engineers to be more productive. 
Bill Porter: Okay, Matt. This is Bill. I'd just like to add as we give our customers more choice for segmentation that in itself is helping us competitively. And then as we continue to differentiate the technology as Mike described, particularly with our GXL or our high-end capabilities, then customers have choice and then they need that functionality which many times they do. They are more willing to pay for it.  And we are also seeing that start to resonate and we are hearing others are starting to follow in the industry following our lead with segmentation and I think that will overall be a good environment for pricing. Customers have choice and then you win with technology. And I think we have the holistic technology that will help us win. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson: Okay. Thanks Bill. Thanks Mike. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with J.P. Morgan. 
Saket - JP Morgan: Hi. It's 1:35 file 26 [Saket] for Sterling here. Hey, Bill, two questions for you. First, deferred revenue was down a little over $20 million sequentially. Any thoughts on what cause that? 
Bill Porter: Yeah. On deferred revenue, Saket that is just the timing of when we can get customers to part with their cash. So, I would not look into anything. As you know if we can get customers to pay cash ahead on a subscription, it ends up in deferred revenue. If they pay as they go, then it doesn't. So, that's just the matter of timing of billing and the recognition of revenue. I would not read too much into that. 
Saket - JP Morgan: Okay. And then secondly just on I guess the adoption of the new Virtuoso platform I think Mike said that it was on plan. Can you give us an idea of where you are relative to the 50% by mid '08? 
Mike Fister: You are too early. I think we're making good progress against what we laid out at analyst day. Both in terms of how we're working with customers and its going to take some time to get them to move through an upgrade cycle. But we're getting good feedback, they like the road map and they making decisions to go with that product line and its not always apparent when you look at the table, because the table is influenced more by revenue able transactions. And as we look at the total book of business for custom it is tracking right into the range that I described at analyst day which was between 10% and 20%.  So I just wanted you to know that we do feel that we're making good progress of that product line. It takes a lot of effort so customers are putting that effort in but we see good success and so we're comfortable that we're on the right track with Virtuoso and it is a competitive differentiation for us. 
Saket - JP Morgan: Well actually just one follow up and that since you brought up the analyst day presentation. Digital has just been performing so well and at analyst day I think your expectations for that over the year would be zero to 10% growth. Its just been doing so well in the first half do you expect a slowdown in the second half maybe I guess on power that zero to 10% or can you give --? 
Mike Fister: No I don't expect a slowdown. I think that's the power of a portfolio. You get strength out of the different components not always being able to predict exactly what's going to outperform. But I would be surprised if we were within the range. I would expect to be above the range that I described at analyst day. 
Saket - JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen & Company. 
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Hi thanks. Bill shifting gears a little bit, just a quick question. Is there a material difference in the contribution at the operating line segment-to-segment, given higher R&D intensity or support requirements and I've got a follow-up? 
Bill Porter: No Raj I think through out our largest business segments, custom, digital, verification contributions are relatively consistent amongst all of those. Certainly we are investing a little bit more in DFM, so we are not going to have that same level of contribution. And the more mature product areas, you get a little bit better contribution for example from Silicon-package board, because it doesn’t change as fast. So that’s how I would describe the contribution levels. 
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: So I guess you answered the second part which is the R&D intensity or where you are spending R&D dollars is roughly proportional to the revenue we see outside of DFM, which is obviously small and has some outside short term investments, but is relatively proportional to the revenues we see among the major segments today? 
Bill Porter: Yes, I think it's correct we have a little bit more effort in R&D in DFM because it does influence some of the other technologies as we described it has the effect of helping both custom and digital. So we look at that holistically, because they will drive business and also for verification. So if we do get that drive drag on affect from the DFM capabilities across all of the product areas. 
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Thanks. Bill just a clarification on your response to previous question on Virtuoso, you said it was tracking towards the 10% to 20% mentioned at analyst day. Did you mean on a booking space, is it tracking there? 
Bill Porter: Yeah, Rich and I just said it's on our business level, right, so that its not always apparent, just from the revenue table. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Sure. Should that 10% to 20% business level through the first half translate into higher revenue for Virtuoso in the second half or is it still just pretty dependent on deal renewal and deal activity going to revenue? 
Bill Porter: Well, clearly overtime it will show up but it doesn't always come that quickly, a lot of it does depend on the mix of the upfront business. We'll impact those tables, so as usually you have to kind of do the weighted average over a longer period of time but the business itself will show up its just the matter of time. I can't say its all going to pop in the second half. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Right. And with DSOs, they were over a hundred again this quarter and I am not sure if this was an increase or not, but I think you said you want to see mid to high 80s by the end of the year. Is that sort of the same target or has that moved up, in general, how do you feel your progress with DSOs has been? 
Bill Porter: We were a hundred in two days this year versus a hundred in Q2 of last year, so we were up a couple of days. What I had estimated last quarter was to be in the mid 80s by the end of the end and based on where we are so far. I would say mid to high 80s, so slight upward revision to the DSO estimate. And I think what we are seeing is, the environment is a little mixed. Now, we see some of the customers deciding to hold another cash a little bit more than others and so I think that's just having a slight upward pressure on DSOs, but as I mentioned I think we can work away through that in terms of and getting to our operating cash flow target for the year and we are focused on doing that. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: And sort of follow-up to some of the questions on stock buyback, but I guess more general, obviously there is been a lot of talk about sort of private equity and I think that sort of speak to what sort of the ideal capital structure for Cadence, I think you are more aggressive certainly than some of your big competitors as far as capital structure, but still periodically have pretty significant capacity for additional debt, can you just talk about how do you think about that and do you think you are pretty close to an optimal capital structure or you know would you consider making any significant changes depending on the conditions or whatever else? 
Bill Porter: Rich I think we will use our cash to grow the business and I think again that's the place I would focus. I think we also realize that we have additional capacity to add leverage and we have led others in doing that and I think we'll continue to look at that to provide the best value to our shareholders overtime and its really to grow the business to use our balance sheet in both what we've got in terms of cash and also what we have in borrowing capacity if that so it takes to really grow the business which is where we think the most value that can be created. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great, thank you. 
Bill Porter: You're welcome. 
Operator: Your next question comes form the line of Erach Desai with America's Growth Capital. 
Erach Desai - America's Growth Capital: Good afternoon. Mike, if I may ask, you have some commentary on the call and then I think in response to Tim's question, you had some very good color in terms of how many active technology notes there are right now, perhaps that's part of the answer, but I'm just wondering how Cadence, you guys are internally quantifying sort of production designs starts, if that’s the way to measure it or whatever by the various notes. Because some of the data and analysis that I am looking at that comes from a proprietary source seems to suggest that mainstream productions is still relatively at 90-nanometer and a 135-nanometer, in terms of design start production. So, I am just curious what your thoughts are on with all this talk about 65 and 45 etcetera. 
Mike Fister: Yeah, now I don’t disagree with you. I think there is a lot of predominant volume into quarter-micron too and so we are looking at it across all the different process nodes. We are looking for the lead vehicles are the roto-routers or process lining curve, whatever it want to be, whether its 65 or 45 for mixed signal or high-performance digital and quantizing that as a surrogate to drive volume or design wins in the future.  Those are good for us, learning vehicles for the special functional things that we have for a complex chip or a big mix signal chip and the volume certainly in the 90 and there is a lot of active designs in 65 in 45 and we are looking at designs starts when we analyze this every quarter. We use that with outside sources and collaborate with the customers every time when Kevin or I go out and talk to them. So you get the triangulator across many different things. 
Erach Desai - America's Growth Capital: You got some great data directly from your customer so. 
Mike Fister: Of course and one of the biggest values that we have and I can only speak of it is. I think our competitive differentiator is we are highly analytic about it as opposed to talking about it drinking beer or something and so it is a valuable interchange to be able to do that, especially as collaboration of where our customers are spending money. Because somebody is making a decision about our 65 nanometer design is going to spend a lot more money. If they do it there then they do it at 90. And so they got to see a productivity increase or something to be able to justify that cause and we sometimes are the unlocker of being able to do that. And I think that there is growing sentiment that says that the metrics to be able to measure those productivity in such, has not been as methodical as it could be.  So, what's really fascinating is to watch those kind of analytic supply, so that people are making good trade-offs as opposed to just running to the most advanced process node they can find. And a lot of the customers will then value and staying at 90 longer or operating at 130 were skipping the process node entirely. And I think it's great sophistication for the industry and will ultimately add a lot of value to what we do, because that's what we help them do. 
Erach Desai - America's Growth Capital: No. That's a very useful answer and speaks to I guess to some level, a ROI analysis at an enterprise level for your end-customers, especially those larger customers, rather than a point to decision per se. 
Mike Fister: You got it my friend and that's why we look at it holistically. And that's why we're talking about it at the enterprise-level. That's why we appeal to a business level dynamic and in the IT industry we called it total cost of ownership, and that's what the drove the IT change or revolution and that's what will drive this revolution and it values somebody who can do that by experience and by total technology package. And so, yeah, I know it's, I think it's a good evolution. 
Erach Desai - America's Growth Capital: Hey, question for Bill. Bill perhaps Jay asked it more diplomatically, so I'll try to be more direct. It is a fact that over the last three or four quarters, you've been getting let say 18% to 35% of revenues upfront in terms of any given quarter. By my calculation it looks like you sold about 110 million in receivables in the second quarter. And if I look back to '98-'99 timeframe I know that's aging at or whatever, but history sometimes is a lesson. I think there was a similar kind of numbers perhaps the percentage of upfront business was a little more than the 18% to 35% range. So, I guess what I am wondering is why won't history repeat itself or why is it different this time that one large deal will not potentially cause a hiccup which is exactly why you went to the subscription model for that not to happen? 
Bill Porter: Well, Erach, let me help out a little with clarifying some of the information for sale of receivables in the second quarter, and if look at our cash flow it's about $35 million, maybe you looked at a wrong number not a 100. In terms of our model, I think we've been very consistent that we have about 25% of our bookings. It translates into about a third of our revenue happens from our pipeline every quarter.  And so, do we have the risk that if we miss the right mix of business or we don't get contract, could that cause a blip in results? Absolutely, it could, have we been successful with this book of business over the past almost four years we have. And so I think that's just the nature of our business and our model. If something is and you know as we have been very upfront, a lot of the business happened in the last two weeks of the quarter. And so that's just the way it works.  We are able to be consistent because we have good technology across our portfolio and we have a ability within the field to work a lot of business that funnels down, but it doesn't eliminate the risk. So, I think we are comfortable with business model, but it's not going to be 95% because that's just not the model that we are on. But we've had good success in generating revenues, increasing our margins and continuing to generate cash from that model. 
Erach Desai - America's Growth Capital: Okay. I'll definitely grant you that. You have been able to execute two that sort of hybrid model, however long you refer to, I probably don’t have the data. But it just seems like and this is only on the competitive basis, it's not right or wrong that Synopsys as your largest competitor is clearly running a lot more conservatively in terms of taking large deals upfront and therefore revenue recognition upfront. 
Mike Fister: Yeah. And again as you look at the ability for them to grow their business, it will be the strength of their technology over time. And I think we will see really where we end competitively and I think that's the thing to pay attention to. The models are different. We have recognized that, but I think we have got good success and we will continue to have success based on the strength. 
Erach Desai - America's Growth Capital: Thank you. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. 
Mike Fister: Well, Bill and I were excited to tell you about the quarter and delivering on the operating metrics and the strategy to grow the core business and expanding the adjacencies. Thanks for participating and then all the good questions, and we'll look forward see you at CDNLive! Silicon Valley in September. 
Operator: This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for participating on the Cadence's second quarter 2007 earnings call. You may all disconnect.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-25 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Jennifer Jordan - Corporate VP of IR   Mike Fister - President and CEO   Bill Porter - EVP and CFO 
Analysts: Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets   Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch   Rich Valera - Needham & Company   Terence Whalen - Citigroup   John - Morgan Stanley   Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson and Company   Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank   Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities   Saket - J.P. Morgan 
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Molly and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions).  Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Jennifer Jordan, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Please go ahead. 
Jennifer Jordan: Thank you, Molly. And welcome to our earnings conference call for the first quarter of 2007. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, www.cadence.com and will be archived for one week. With me today are Mike Fister, President and CEO, and Bill Porter, Executive Vice President and CFO.  Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements, and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations.  For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our 10-K for the period ended December 30, 2006 and our 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2007, which will be filed shortly.  In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today.  Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures.  Please refer to our earnings press release for a discussion of non-GAAP measures and to both our earnings press release and our website for reconciliations of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures used in today's discussions.  Now, I will turn the call over to Mike Fister. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Mike Fister: Thanks Jennifer. Cadence started the year on a strong note with Q1 revenue growing 11% over the prior year period and non-GAAP EPS of 24%. 2007, our focus is again to grow our core business and expand any adjacencies.  We continue to increase our differentiation in the core or at the platform level where we are delivering leading technology tier to provide value to our customers.  So, I discussed with you at Analyst Day, customers continued to be challenged by time- to-market complexity and productivity. While we are already a leader in providing technology at the platform level, now if our customers move forward to these challenges, we have to understand the product development process and the ramifications of exploding design complexity.  That’s why we bring design solutions to market to leverage capabilities across platforms, expand the moveable engineering teams within the customers, and ultimately address enterprise product development.  Within this context, let me tell you about some of our progress in Q2 that’s in Q1. Continuing with the trend of consolidation at Cadence due to our Enterprise class capability, Hitachi announced the new design infrastructure co-developed with Cadence, to enhance the design and manufacturing competency in terms of costs, technology and quality.  In our early evaluations of the co-developed Cadence and Hitachi designed infrastructure, Hitachi has succeeded in doubling design efficiency and reducing turnaround time by 40%. The new design system is entirely standardized on Cadence's design technology.  Hitachi plans to extend and deploy this new design system to include not only information and communications products, but also digital consumer products, automotive, electronics and medical products. Hitachi clearly shares RNA and thinking about the product development process.  Our integrated approach to design and verification is embodied in our logic design team solutions. This approach is resonating well with customers, and we are seeing that our front-end products pull verification and verification products began to pull front-end design products.  For example Ubicom's team is using Incisive Formal Verifier, Incisive Simulator along with Encounter RTL Compiler and Formal in the Encounter Timing solution.  And 3Leaf Networks, a company that provides scalable virtual server infrastructure for enterprise data centers is using the similar set of solutions.  These initial successes are early examples of company's deploying our cross platform Logic Design Team solution.  Imagining today’s file complex design process means that our customers must coordinate the functional verification effort across many different activities and development teams, and this is where our Incisive Enterprise verification solutions excel.  ClearSpeed fabless semiconductor company specializing in acceleration technology for high performance computing used our Enterprise verification management capabilities and planned a closure methodology to dramatically increase compliance coverage, find bugs much more rapidly, and enable project management based on metrics. This greatly reduced the risk of re-spends and improved their teams' workflow.  Looking up the stack, our emulation technologies are facilitating hardware and software verification and full system validation in the most complex assesses. Customer results reinforced that Palladium III is the most advanced product in the market, and our segmented approach offers customers the flexibility to choose the system they need.  In addition we have a strong upgrade program. For instance Sharp continues to be one of the most successful multimedia consumer companies in Japan and a long-term Cadence customer.  The Palladium product line was instrumental to their system or verification of their successful product lines, and as a result Q1 Sharp upgraded their Palladium system in order to continue their success.  Several important accounts are using the enterprise system level solution and have added Incisive System Extensions, which we call ISX, for automated hardware and software verification.  In a recent EETimes article, STMicroelectronics described how to use Incisive's transaction level modeling with SystemC. System level test bench leveraging ISX and Xtreme and Palladium to automatically verify hardware, software subsystems.   Momentum continued in our custom IC business and the pipeline for Virtuoso upgrade is strong. We can expect continued adoptions throughout the year, with customers targeting the 65 and 45-nanometer nodes, wireless design and mixed-signal SoCs. For this reason we upgraded the AMS and RF kits to enhance their compatibility with the new Virtuoso.  A leading medical technology company deployed the new Constraint Manager and Virtuoso to improve their design process, while Mindspeed, which supplies integrated semiconductor and software networking solutions also increased their usage of Virtuoso.  We saw a strong demand for our digital technology in Q1 driven by the shift to 65-nanometers and beyond, also increasing chip complexity on our differentiated capability in low power design. Global Unichip used the Encounter GXL digital platform to complete the first tape out by a Taiwanese design company of 65-nanometer chip.  QLogic chose Cadence as a broad line provider of analog, digital and board technology, and momentum continued for Encounter Timing System including one customer usage who initiated the usage of over 200 licenses in Q1.  As we said we would, we delivered low power solutions through complete design and verification while preserving power intent through their development process. Early adopters include NXP, Fujitsu and Sandbridge. In addition, Avery, a major foundry now supports the common power format.  TSMC has made available 65-nanometer library supporting TPS, UMC joined the Power Forward Initiative this quarter, and IBM, Chartered and Samsung added TPS enhancements to their 65-nanometer common platform reference flow.  The Space-Based Router developed through our incubation program won the DesignCon, DesignVision Award as well as the EDN Innovation of the Year Award for outstanding innovation in IC Back-End and DFM design automation.  The Space-Based Router is in fact a great example of the design side of DFM. And STMicroelectronics used the Space-Based Router to tape out a 65-nanometer mixed-signal communication design achieving better routing performance and manufacturability.  Silicon-package-board business had an excellent first quarter for both our packaging and board products, with a number of competitive wins.  Our channel strategy which involves using our direct sales force to capture the opportunity in large accounts and then ordering at GMF consolidate the effort around smaller transactions contributed to the first quarter success in this business.  During the quarter, NEC selected our Allegro platform for board layout and we are in track for the release of our Allegro platform upgrade later this year.  In fact, we disclosed part of this to revolutionary Global Route Environment for advanced PCB design at PCB West. And we are very pleased to have Motorola and Sun Microsystems among the collaborators and early adopters of this new solution.  Less than a year ago, we introduced our system and package solution to the market and customer adoption rates are growing. Advanced Semiconductor Engineering also known as ASE is the largest semiconductor packaging and test company.  They selected our SiP technology to provide high-performance packaged design services to their customers worldwide. For the Cadence's SiP technology, ASE now has an integrated co-design flow with the supply chain for optimizing design and system integration from the dye and package to the final product. It’s another example of how Cadence uniquely provides the end-to-end solution to customers and design shape partners are looking for.  With that I will let Bill take you through some numbers. 
Bill Porter: Thanks Mike. I am pleased with our first quarter performance, which was highlighted by consistent execution and strong financial results. Total revenue was up 11% year-over-year, non-GAAP operating margin was 24% improving 400 basis points from Q1 of 2006, and operating cash flow was $90 million.  GAAP earnings per share for Q1 of 2007 were $0.15, compared to $0.07 in Q1 of 2006. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.26 for the quarter, compared to $0.21 in Q1 of 2006, up 24% year-over-year.  Total revenue for the first quarter was $365 million, compared to $328 million in Q1 of 2006. Product revenue was $238 million, maintenance revenue was $95 million, and services revenue was $32 million.  Revenue mix by geography in Q1 was 48% for North America, 27% for Japan, 15% for Europe, and 10% for Asia. We saw good levels of business across all regions, with particular strength in our geographic accounts. One customer accounted for 12% of revenue Q1.  In the quarter, approximately 84% of our product business was represented by ratable licenses. Estimated contract life on a dollar weighted average basis was approximately three years.  Total costs and expenses, on a non-GAAP basis for Q1 were $277 million, compared to $290 million in Q4. Our non-GAAP operating margin in Q1 was 24% compared to 20% in Q1 of 2006. We are on target to achieve a 30% operating margin for the full year 2007.  Quarter-end headcount was approximately 5,200. Total DSOs increased seasonally in Q1 to 103 days, compared to 97 days in Q1 of 2006. We expect DSOs to be in the mid-80s by year-end. Quality of receivables remained high, with receivables 90 days past due at 1%, within our historical range of 1% to 3%.  Operating cash flow for Q1 was $90 million, compared to $41 million in the first quarter of 2006. Our experience as to the profile for collections is not even throughout the year. This year we have more payments scheduled in the last three quarters of the year than in 2006. For 2007, we expect to generate operating cash flow of approximately $450 million.  Capital expenditures in Q1 were $20 million, and for 2007 we are targeting normal capital expenditures in the $75 million range plus $22 million for work on our new engineering building.  Cadence repurchased 5.9 million shares of stock in Q1 at a cost of $121 million. Approximately $406 million remains under our current stock repurchase authorization. Cash and cash equivalents were $947 million at quarter end.  Now I will turn to our outlook for Q2 in the year 2007. For Q2, we expect revenue to be in the range of $375 million to $385 million. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.17 to $0.19, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.28 to$0.30.  For the year 2007, we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.58 billion to $1.63 billion. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.84 to $0.92, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.27 to $1.35.  With respect to the seasonal pattern for the remainder of the year, we expect to generate 23% to 26% of annual revenues in Q3, and 28% to 31% in Q4. Other income and expense for 2007 should be in the range of $35 million to $39 million.  We are off to a very good start in 2007, and I expect that we will attain our growth, profitability and cash flow goals for the year. As I said at Analyst Day, I believe we'll be able to grow our business while expanding our operating margins beyond 30%.  Operator, we will now take questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Yes. Thank you and congratulations on a good quarter and the guidance. Quickly, did you say variable was 84% this quarter? 
Bill Porter: Yes, for the quarter Mahesh? 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, for the March quarter. Hello. 
Bill Porter: Yes. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. So, can you give us some color on the bookings? Would that 84% variable imply that you had a pretty strong booking? 
Bill Porter: Yes. The 84% variable number does imply that we had good business levels. And as I have said, we did see good business across the geographies and also across the product lines, and as you can see from the percentage of business by revenue, there is a little bit of variability there because of the type of contracts. So, it's not always apparent.  But as you look at the business, kind of across the fourth quarter average, I think you'll see that we are continuing to have very good business levels in our three primary product areas; digital, functional verification and custom, and I think it's good to see the digital line comeback, because there were few questions a year ago saying, have you lost any of your momentum in digital?  And I think the answer is, no, we just saw some absorption and some of the advantages that we have with our holistic power approach, as well as the front-end logic design team are really starting to come through. So, overall I think you could see good business levels. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: So, how do you feel about your backlog targets for the year? Do you feel more confident or less confident? Any color you can provide on that? 
Bill Porter: I am just consistent with what our outlook was at the beginning of the year. I think we are planning to provide good value to customers, and I think one of the things that we are trying to achieve is a nice balance between building backlog or visibility, as well as selling continuously and getting better value for customers.  So, as we did last year, it's a nice balance. I think we do expect to grow our backlog, but on the other hand we are not trying to maximize this. We're trying to get better value for customers and get better value in return. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, good afternoon. Mike, I'd like to ask you about a metric that hasn't really come up before, but I am wondering if it might attain some additional importance or new importance, particularly, as you move into the so called enterprise EDA market. And that specifically is the measure of profitability by account.  When we talk about bookings we talk about run rate, but particularly as you move into larger deals or more comprehensive types of transactions, what does that mean for how you can gauge the profitability of accounts particularly as certain product areas or certain customers are very support and services intensive? And then a couple of follow-ups. 
Mike Fister: Yeah, Jay, to tell you the truth I am really focused with Bill and Kevin on continuous selling, I think that's the first way to go, broach driving value and making sure that the customer hasn't got too much capacity, and that is one of the kind of prerequisites for really being able to drive value.  We always look across products and services when we do these things. And I think that, our application engineering force and services teams are some of the best asset the company has. Especially as we approach the real enterprise penetration, which is consolidations.  And certainly we have served well and the ones that we've done so far. Most of those kinds of consolidations started off with a service lead opportunity to not only demonstrate but probably to migrate some of the influx designs.  And over time I think that if we look at it in combination that gives us the best vision into how we become a full service enterprise supplier. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: You've talked about how Virtuoso is going to be an important product upgrade opportunity for you this year. But I'd like to ask about other areas that may not have been performing as well for you or where you might need to add additional product capability for future incremental revenue. A couple of things came up with the DATE Conference in Nice last week, which is what's prompting the question.  First in terms of Litho or Manufacturing-Aware Design, it was evident last week at the conference that there is more talk about manufacturing awareness moving up into the design process, which prompts the question of where you are with that.  And secondly system level design, multiple definitions perhaps but again its becoming an increasingly important revenue category and industry issue. I understand you might have some kind of an incubation program going on, but beyond Virtuoso these two things and perhaps others might seem to be important for future revenue. 
Mike Fister: Strangely coincidence, it was exactly where we focused the adjacency business. We have a perfect strategy associated with lithography; metallization and chemical [etch] as fundamental components of our DFM approach, which I call design side DFM.  The reason that that is Jay is because the electrical parameters are impacted by those and physical signoff is insufficient to be able to close the design if you affect electrical performance.  And I like our position in this; it's exactly where we target the PVS pressing the modularity of it, and what we have bundled into the GXL. And we are making customer progress on this, we are not over hyping it, and everyone will follow that trend as far as I am concerned.  On the systems side, that’s what we mean by up the adjacency. We do have not only the ISX capability which I referred to in the opening comments. But we do have some technologies that we've been very selectively engaged with. Hitachi was a test bench for one of those, of that stack.  The reason that the company had such an exciting announcement is not only that they consolidated across the Cadence tools suite, but because they are a system design company, and the real moral of the story is that they are using that to allow their system designers to use semiconductors to express some of their ideas across all different kinds of verticals. That's because their next president can see the vision or the roadmap and it's more than PowerPoint, my friend it's real.  So, I think the problem with the systems category in general is that, it's historically been kind of theoretical. It's [prevalent] with a lot of niche players would have no connection to the implementation of a chip or of the RTL or any of the gates or even the software or hardware co-design. And I really believe that our fundamental integration of all those pieces is demonstrated in the blueprint with how those systems customers can really progress and evolve, and it's very exciting. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Just to press the point, however, Mike. I understand what the product roadmap or product intent is that you have. But, I'm afraid it wasn't entirely clear, when these might convert to revenue for you.  Are you saying that as this year progresses may be these new things are going to convert the revenue for you as additional businesses as in '08 and if you could just clarify that?  And again, back to earlier question on profitability by account. You are planning to increase your margins by several hundred basis points over the next few years. Does that suggest a lessening of services and support intensity on average, even as you pursue a larger business? 
Mike Fister: Yeah. The ISX product has been out for a while, so is the thing we call Builder which is a hardware template thing and it's contributing. And it's a relatively small percentage or components of the verification business, which has got a lot of emulation, simulation content to it.  So, it's kind of what I mean by progressing up the adjacency. And to tell you the truth we have not been public in breaking out the subcomponents of the verification business beyond elements of the hardware business. And we’ll think about how to do that and expose it to you.  In terms of the RF services and the ability to scale in to the enterprise, I think we are extremely scalable. We got a massive organization, the biggest and best in the industry by a long shot and that's in both human scale and capability, and that's the most important part, because it's geocentrically deployed.  And I believe we’ve got a ton of skill, we've grown the business over my three years here by a long shot with almost no increase in human headcount. And I think that's a testimony for just how scalable it is. 
Bill Porter: Jay, this is Bill. Just to add a little bit to Mike's comment on moving up the stack. As you could see from the success we had with our early incubation. Patience in working with customers to really get the products right, its being paying off as both of those products have had awards.  So, we are not rushing to get those to revenue, I think we want to make sure that they really are clicking with customers and we are building up that experience out of our core business in to the systems adjacencies.  So, I think patience helps. We don't need those to get to our targets. I think it's really getting the right basis for those products and getting them to work with customers, that is very important for incubations or early stages in that product. So that experience we are going to continue.  And then on the profitability piece, as we continue to have better integration within our product platforms and amongst our product platforms, along with layering on top of it the experience with kits, we should be able to get less support intensive, work with our customers, because there is not going to be the same type of handling you need when you are dealing at a point to a level.  So, I think that will help naturally overtime, not something that’s immediate. But that will help us to leverage our revenues down to profitability. It's just a natural way that the field continues to train themselves and then to work with customers. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera from Needham & Company. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Sorry. Can you hear me, okay. 
Mike Fister: We can Rich. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Okay, great. Bill at your recent analyst day, you talked about your three major segments and what you were sort of counting on them to grow in '07 to meet your sort of 8% to 10% growth rate.  And you specifically cited verification is growing probably double-digits or may be better and Custom IC as also growing up in that double-digit type of rate with digital possibly flat. Flat to up 10% and yet in your first quarter it seems that it was pretty much the reverse with digital showing really strong year-over-year growth, I think about 30% and the other two segments down year-over-year.  Just wondering if there is anything to read into this, you mentioned you feel like you’ve got some sort of reacceleration in digital. But should we still expect those other two segments verification and custom to grow reasonably this year? Is there anything that would have changed your view based on these results? Thanks. 
Bill Porter: Yes, Rich don’t see anything based on these results that changed our outlook for the year, particularly in those product areas. As I've mentioned, I think we did have strong performance, but because of the mix of contracts where you have certain of the areas having more revenue in a particular quarter, you don’t get to see that strength and that will come out over time.  We do see a good pipeline in our Virtuoso upgrade process, and that will continue to pull other business with it, because that’s been our experience. In functional verification, the real breadth of that offering continues to do very well against the competition.  So, I think both of those will be good growers for us, and I think I mentioned there is upside from the other product areas, and that's the nice thing about having a portfolio. You can't always predict exactly where the portfolio will perform, but I think over the year we should see strength in all three areas. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great. And Mike you mentioned a Space-Based Router in your comments. Can you [say] but is that a potential upgrade cycle on the digital side? Will you get incremental revenue for that if customers upgrade to the Space Based Router or is that a maintenance upgrade? 
Mike Fister: Not a maintenance, it's a feature differential in the tiering of the products. So further up the stack in the GXL, that's where it's implicit and it's most evident in the custom in the Virtuoso platform Rich. So, it's really a cool technology, and there were people questioning just how cool, cool was. I guess if the industry has voted then, we know where they have voted. And the early customer trials were just glowing. As you know, ATI and IBM were both early testimonials for it.  So, I think it really bodes nicely especially for the advanced process nodes, and for our design side of DFM. And it's absolutely structural and strategic on our part. So, to me it's very encouraging that we see such strong response from the industry in recognition for it. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great. And Bill, I think you addressed this in your comments, just wanted to clarify you. The cash flow from Ops was pretty light this quarter, lighter than it’s been in several quarters. But is it purely a timing issue and do you feel that you'll make that up to hit that sort of 450 target for the balance of the year? 
Bill Porter: We do Rich, and we look carefully at where our scheduled payments are. And this is just one year where you could see that there's generally some movement in quarters where it's not always sequentially up. Some quarters have stronger cash flow than others. So, it's just the way that the year rolls out. The cash is in the year and we do expect to hit that 450 number. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Terence Whalen from Citigroup. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Hi thanks for taking my question from Citigroup. So, my question links to the first questions. We've seen the ratable up here at about 83% or 84% for the past two quarters. Now, is that a function really of the third quarter of '06 being more upfront? Is it exogenous or thirdly, is it indicative may be of going more towards the mix of 80% plus ratable for the rest of the year? And then I have a follow up. 
Bill Porter: Yeah. Terence it's not indicative of a change in mix for the rest of year. It's more indicative of business levels in Q1, which is normally a seasonally lower quarter than what we saw normally in Q4. So, you can have a higher mix being affected by just little bit lower volumes. But, I think on average the way to read into it is good business levels. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Okay, great. Then a couple of follow ups regarding the balance sheet. I think there was a pretty large increase actually in other assets going form about $246 million to $364 million, an increase of $120 million. What was that increase? And then secondly related to that, do you expect the working capital draw or a source of cash flow in next quarter? Thank you. 
Bill Porter: Sure. If you look at the balance sheet, there are some significant increases in both other assets as well as long-term liabilities, and that is the impact from adoption of FIN 48, the new income tax accounting standard. And you will be able to take a look at that and read that in more detail in our 10-Q.  But, essentially the balance sheet gets grossed up for deferred tax asset, as well as for liabilities. So, that's really the change on the balance sheet. And then I would expect that throughout the year, we would continue to see our working capital get a little bit more efficient. So I would say a draw, but it's always kind of hard to predict quarter-to-quarter. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Okay, great. And just squeeze one last in, if I can, on the stock buyback. Do you expect stock buyback dollar levels to remain at similar level or decline or increase through the rest of the year? Thanks. 
Bill Porter: Yeah. Terence, I would just say that we have authorization, and I think we will be selective as we use it. We don't try to forecast that level of repurchase with any degree of specificity for the year. But, we like to do it. You could see our history, so I would just say be patient and we will tell you about it at the end of every quarter. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Thanks and nice job. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Harlan Sur from Morgan Stanley 
John - Morgan Stanley: Hi, this is actually John, I am calling for Harlan. Nice quarter guys. Let's see, I would like to kind of focus in on the end markets, the end applications that you guys are seeing especially in the area of analog and wireless. Can you share any kind of trends that you might be seeing within this marketplace? 
Mike Fister: Yeah. Wireless is on the rise everywhere. It's not only about a particular wireless standard, but actually mixed devices where they will have two or three of them integrated at once. 
John - Morgan Stanley: Okay. 
Mike Fister: 80211 and WiMax will be a popular combination, so that you can kind of hook up to the high bandwidth sources that's near and dear to your heart. Beautiful thing for a company like us, because we are very sophisticated in the mixed signal technology capabilities for the tools, and able for that kind of integration either in system or on dye.  The analog trends are up and down. I think we are going to enable some more growth in pure analog, because of the capabilities that are present in new Virtuoso. So that's so called assertions that allow you to drive consistency. Like I often use the right and left channel of the stereo.  If the right channel is louder than the left, that will drive you crazy. This [cater] the tools or you've got the capability of saying its important that the right and the left match each other all the way through the process and like magic it tells you if you do something stupid.  So this is the preview of mostly smart designers before. It's not so much that they couldn't do it, but sometimes it took a couple of tries to get it right, like by four or five tries. Customer experience to this is it gets down to may be two tries to get it right, and so all those trends are on the rise. Now that there is a mixed signal integration, pure analog, and sometimes I say big A, little D and big D little A. Sometimes it's a lot of analog with a little digital; sometimes it's a lot of digital with a little analog. That's why Bill and I were saying tools across. The tool’s together and that's why we've optimized the tools across them. So its not just base Virtuoso capability, but also what we do to drive the optimization with Encounter, and it's very interesting. 
John - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great, that's really good to know. Now, kind of getting on to the Virtuoso platform, it was introduced at the end of last year, so I think you have may be two quarters of performance under your belt in a way. And I know there is a lot of people asking this, and I am not sure if you at a point to give us an idea of any kind of ASP uplift or any kind of trend that you are seeing in ASPs going forward for the new Virtuoso platform? 
Bill Porter: John it's still a little early for that. As you recall, it took us really to get four quarters of data to really mind and get some history before we were able to roll that out for both the Incisive and the Encounter lines. So I'd just say be patient. The mix is something that we are just watching now still kind of in the teens with GXL. And that's about the only color that I'd share until we get a little further along and get some more volumes so we can start to be a little bit more predictive. 
John - Morgan Stanley: Okay. That's fair enough. And just one last housekeeping question. How does book-to-bills look for the March quarter? 
Bill Porter: We don't get to the level of describing bookings we'll do that on an annual basis. So that's I think the earlier question. I do expect to have reasonably good business, but we are not going to try to predict it quarter-to-quarter. We are trying to match visibility and value and that's just something that is more important over the longer term. 
John - Morgan Stanley: Okay fair enough. Nice job guys thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Petkun from D.A. Davidson and Company 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson and Company: Hi, just real quickly Bill. I think I missed the percentage of revenue that came from backlog in the quarter. Was it two-thirds as usual or a little bit more? 
Bill Porter: Yeah, Matt in the first quarter it's a little higher than that, and as we look throughout the year we are about at that two-thirds level. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson and Company: Could you give a specific number for this quarter? 
Bill Porter: No. I don't think we have the need to get to that level of specifics. We still have normally the third of the business that will generate from pipeline as we get in to the second quarter and I think that's one of the things that we focus on. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson and Company: Okay. And then I was hoping that you guys could give us a little bit of an update on your emulation business. Obviously your competitor has been making more noise in the hardware space in general recently. And I was just kind of wondering how you guys saw that play out in the year first quarter? 
Mike Fister: Yeah. I mentioned in my comments of the Palladium III by our customer response is the performance leader. The tiered offering that we have does not only include Palladium I and II, but also the Accelerators give us a nice kind of a price line up. And that may be the real way to going and look across by continuum.  Do note that there are other trials that are engaged with some other competitive alternatives, but I would encourage you to dive into whether those are trials are real business for them. And I think the real strength of our emulation capability is the coupling into what we do across the rest of the verification. It's a solutions oriented approach as opposed to a point of light.  And that kind of drag effect between simulation and our emulation vice-versa and what we do is VPA, the process automation is where all the real power is as it helps you to go drive co-design in the hardware space, as well as the functional logic verification that is kind of the history of emulation. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson and Company: Okay. And then just my next question, and also kind of on Verification. Mike, I don't know that anybody wants to put too much stake into Cooley's numbers, but he did point out, at least in his survey a mild pickup in HDL simulator use for Synopsys over Cadence, attributing it to what Synopsys and many would like us to believe there's a shift to SystemVerilog that you guys haven't been embracing so clearly. I don't know that I believe that, but I would like to hear kind of your response and kind of what you are hearing from your customer base as they do make the transition to SystemVerilog? 
Mike Fister: Yeah, it is a topical question. I guess if you go survey the [Eisner] you are probably going to get a little bit of our competitive bias, aren't you? I read that was some interest, I think it was about maybe a 3% return rates. So, I don't even know if it’s statistically relevant.  The body language from our customers is that the trail blazers that are out there with E are happy as a clam and pushing along forward, those are really complex digital devices. There is a lot of momentum in VHDL and Verilog as it exists. And there's a lot of hype for SystemVerilog.  I think you characterized it correctly yourself. You have potential fodder out there or FUD around the convergence of a SystemVerilog across all the different continuums. That's going to be a tough thing to do, that may take 10 years as far as I am concerned. I think our strength is that we're agnostic across all those languages. IP today is sourced across, a lot of historical artifacts including VHDL and E.  That, does it make it a dream that we can continue to succeed if some kind of a standard that emerges on SystemVerilog. We were public in January that we had a huge number of customers out there using our SystemVerilog early solutions. And throughout the year, we continuously enhance that part of it.  So, our agnosticism includes a strong SystemVerilog offering ever strengthening through the year, or whatever niche our customers find it valuable. And I think once again kind of back to the emulation point. This is a unified approach we have across all pieces of our verification business, not just IP sourcing language. So, the real power is the seamlessness to that with the rest of our verification and implementation suites. And I like the foundation and the momentum of our strategies. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson and Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Mike Fister: Sure. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from Tim Fox from Deutsche Bank. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Thank you, good afternoon. Mike I was wondering if you could just dive a little bit more into the strength in the digital performance this quarter. And wondering if there is anything there around an increase in run rates; may be some competitive displacements or was it largely just a timing of bookings? 
Mike Fister: I would say yes, yes and yes. Tim every customer is doing digital. The theater strategy is to penetrate at the high end; we are doing all the complex devices as far as I am concerned.  I think what you see are three other elements of it. It’s not about pointing tools. If anybody degenerates to that hit look there, that's something good. That is symptomatic of a strong or a weakness and they are across to the total offering.  No power is material; we are out there with CPF across all the product lines, customers are watching it in an production setting. This is invaluable to them and it's a drag for the digital business.  Second; Logic design team is out there in the public domain, I commented it was doing quite well. It's a poor cost of verification and front-end logic not only for synthesis but across conformal. Of course we enjoy a very nice technology and market position in our test capabilities that is a strength of the digital line.  The third thing is the tiering of the digital line from top to bottom; someone learns how to use them as complex stuff, and it works nicely in the low end and vice-versa. So, I think that is a momentum. You are always going to see as Bill said in his own very particular way.  I'm going to say it’s a little blotchy from quarter-to-quarter, and I don't think people should draw conclusion on that. But it’s great technology, we get a lot of good feedback, and I think really the strength of ours is going to be in the solution approach as either in miniscule or microscopy across things like power and front-end design and that’s why we did it that way. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. And Bill just one question on cash flow. 450 is a solid number this year, but obviously trailing earnings growth. Could you just address what the divergence there may be, and I guess more importantly looking into '08 do you anticipate cash flow to start to get back to tracking earnings growth? Thanks. 
Bill Porter: Well I think it does track pretty well Tim. If you look at our earnings for the year at a $1.30, and you look at our cash flow per share at a $1.30 I think that’s a pretty high quality of earnings.  I think always as you grow the business there is potentially a slight lag from a working capital perspective, but not significant. And we are always looking at how we can increase value for the customers, and at the same time get a little bit more cash for us.  So I am not saying that we are going to have increase in working capital necessarily, but there is always a little bit of that, that happens. But I think I would expect cash flow to grow with earnings, it’s just a matter of is it going to be the exact same percentage. Hopefully, but there could always be a slight delay as that catches up. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay so if they catch up, could we see they catch up in '08? 
Bill Porter: I do expect to see both profitability increase and cash flow increase next year. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Great, that's all from me. Good quarter, thank you. 
Bill Porter: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rohit Pandey from HSBC Securities 
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Thank you, few questions. Bill what was the restructuring charge in this quarter about? 
Bill Porter: Rohit you’ll generally notice that there was a small credit in restructuring and those leases. Because we have the ability to do a little bit better in closing out some of those leases? We got $1 million back because we are not going to have to pay that liability. So, as soon as we realize we can close out a lease like that, we would adjust our goal. 
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Okay. And then how should we think about the G&A line going forward for the rest of the year. Should it go up from these levels or should it go down? 
Bill Porter: I would expect it to be relatively flat in terms of G&A. 
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Okay. And I'm looking at the inventory line and that probably is all the emulation inventory, I guess. So, why has the inventory been building up for the past four quarters? 
Bill Porter: I think inventory is relatively flat, if I look at it compared to Q4 to Q1. 
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Yeah. 
Bill Porter: So, let me just check that. 
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Yeah, it is flat compared to Q4 to Q1 and I thought you built inventory in Q4 to sell it in Q1, but year-over-year it's up from $23 million to $37 million? 
Bill Porter: I think we are seeing that business is being something that we can continue to grow, and we want to make sure we have enough inventory to be able to service the needs across all of the product lines. So, I am not concerned about seeing building inventories. I think we look forward and we think we have enough to grow the business and that's really what we are trying to do. 
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Okay. So, should this line go up or down? 
Bill Porter: I think overtime as we grow the business it could go up, but that's just something that we kind of watch quarter-to-quarter. 
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Okay. And the stock-based compensation is about $0.09 to $0.10 per quarter. So, should this be the way we should think about it going forward? 
Bill Porter: Yes. And as you look at the year, it's very comparable to last year. I think we have hit a steady state for stock-based compensation. And if anything, I think the trend generally is across all industries and technologies, that probably comes down slightly over time as people are just continuing to be more judicious with stock compensation. I do not expect it to go up any significant degree over time. 
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Okay. And finally, just looking at the growth on a year-over-year perspective; first quarter was 11%, second quarter guidance implies about 8%. So, is it just a conservative guidance or do you expect growth to slowdown on a year-over-year basis somewhat as the year goes forward? 
Bill Porter: Well, I think you have seen our history Rohit, which is generally we try to make sure that we are conservative in our outlook. And if we have the ability to get some better value we take it, if not, we are going to be able to grow the business in terms of top-line and profitability with the guidance that we set out at the beginning of the year, which is healthy in a maturing industry, that's sitting around at 8%.  So, 8%'s a good number. If we do better on a quarter, that's great. But, you are going to see us grow the business at that base level plus or minus as we look at a particular quarter. 
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Sterling Auty from J.P. Morgan. 
Saket - J.P. Morgan: Hi guys it's Saket for Sterling. Three questions here. First, at your Analyst Day, I think that you put out the goal of converting 50% of your Virtuoso base to the new platform. Would you say you are still on track to achieve that goal mid 2008 that is? 
Bill Porter: I think that's a range Saket. I think that the upgrade cycle looks good for us. And as we get a little bit more experienced, we'll decide whether that needs to get updated. But I think the opportunity is there and we are seeing good results from customers. We'll find out whether it's going to be little faster or little slower than that as we get a little bit more experience. 
Saket - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Secondly in response to a question before about the ebbs and flows among verification, analog and digital. It almost sounded like it was a revenue flow issue. So would it be fair to say that verification analog, sort of your two stronger products historically. Would you say that those two products had stronger bookings this quarter or bookings that were in line with your expectation this quarter, even though the revenue was may be a little bit less than some were expecting? 
Mike Fister: Yeah. As I was inferring when I called business levels, I think the business levels for both of those platforms were in line, they are doing well. 
Saket - J.P. Morgan: Got you. Okay. And lastly just accounting wise, G&A was up a little bit more than we were expecting as was other income. Just wanted to know if there was anything behind that? 
Bill Porter: Nothing in particular as we look, there is just some, across the board there is million and a half here or there in G&A. There wasn't any major theme. That's probably going to stay constant or tail a little bit.  Other income, there we saw a couple of items that gave us some positive surprises. We did a little better in foreign exchange for a couple of million dollars. We had some liquidity events that we could not forecast from our portfolio and so that provided us with another couple of million dollars of upside.  And then just in general, we got a little bit better return on our cash portfolio. So it was kind of a combination of those things. As we look into Q2, obviously two out of three of those, probably we can't forecast to reoccur. We can't necessarily see foreign exchange or some of the liquidity events of the portfolio. 
Saket - J.P. Morgan: Okay, that's it for me, thanks. 
Bill Porter: Okay. 
Operator: And that was our final question. I would now like to turn the call over to Mike Fister, President and CEO of Cadence. Mr. Fister? 
Mike Fister: Well, thanks. It's always a pleasure to talk to you, and I hope that you'll consider CDN Live coming up in Munich, if you are out in Europe and if not in September in the United States. 
Jennifer Jordan: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-31 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Jennifer Jordan - Corporate VP of IR   Mike Fister - President and CEO   Bill Porter - EVP and CFO 
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch   Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley   Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank   Rich Valera - Needham & Company   Raj Seth - Cowen and Company   Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital   Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson and Company   Vishal Saluja - Seligman 
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Fourth Quarter 2006 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions).  At this time, I would like to introduce Ms. Jennifer Jordan, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Thank you. Ms. Jordan, you may begin your conference. 
Jennifer Jordan: Thank you, Melissa. And welcome to our earnings conference call for the fourth quarter of 2006. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, www.cadence.com, and will be archived for one week. With me today are Mike Fister, President and CEO and Bill Porter, Executive Vice President and CFO.  Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements, and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our 10-K for the period ended December 31st, 2005 and our 10-Q for the period ended September 30th, 2006.  In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. We also will present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to our earnings press release for a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures and to both our earnings press release and our website for reconciliations of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures used in today's discussions.  Now I will turn the call over to Mike Fister. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Mike Fister: Thanks Jennifer. Q3 was a fantastic quarter for Cadence. Revenue grew 14% over the prior year period. And for fiscal 2006, revenue grew 12% over fiscal year 2005 led by 20% of better year-over-year growth in verification and custom IC. Before I get in to details of the quarter and the year, let me give you some sense of what we see in the environment.  Now there are lot changes in our customer's environment. Design activity remained study. Industry forecast for semiconductor growth in 2007 span from 2% to 10% with an average around 8.4%. The fastest growing segments continue to be consumered around 11% and wire and automotive each about 14%.  Analysts' estimate semiconductor R&D spending growth in the high single-digits for 2007, and activity at the 65 nanometer process now is picking up and many analog customers are moving directly to 65 nanometers. In addition, leading edge customers are already working at 45 nanometers. Most recent evidence, as this was in last week's news article about Intel, IBM, and TI's advanced activities around the 45 nanometer nodes. Still there are more nodes in production today than at any other time in the history of the semiconductor industry, reflecting the breadth and depth of the semi market and the challenges of managing the economics of timing, volume and demand.  Now for a few details. During 2006, we introduced a significant upgrade of our custom IC platform, continue to bring differentiation to our verification in digital platforms, and we completed the segmentation of all our products platforms. Since the last time I talked to you, we have introduced cross platform capability such as the low power and logic design theme solutions. Which help customers manage the vectors of Time To Market complexity and productivity. Both these solutions emerged from Torino, which is our next generation implementation technology.  Cadence Low-power solution is the first combined design verification and implementation flow for low power. The industry's growing in to Low-power design is an important opportunity for Cadence. Because more power design crosses several engineering domains, with our breadth of technology we are uniquely positioned to offering integrated end-to-end solutions that supports the multiple design teams working on a single low-power IC.  Cadence low-power solution is the first complete system to capture low-power design intent and manage it seamlessly from architecture to manufacturing. Because we believe standard data formats will accelerate the adoption of low-power design methods in the industry, we have also contributed a key piece of technology, the so called the Common Power Format or CPS. It’s a larger industry standards movement; in this case, the Silicon Integration Initiative or Si2. This fulfills the commitment we made last summer. Early adopters of the Cadence low-power solution have already saved significant time and expense. Anecdotally, our solution identified major architectural challenges required for the success of low-power design much earlier than they would have been found using other method.  The Logic Design Team Solution combines technology from our Incisive verification and Encounter digital design platforms into an integrated front-end environment for logic designs. Today mostly in logic designs have to content with the portfolio of tools from multiple vendors. We believe that looking to streamline their design environment and increase the predictability of the product development process. An increasingly our ability to deliver this complete solution has become a significant differentiator for our customers and money business for that case. For example, on the fourth quarter, NEC electronics significantly expanded its use for the Encounter and low-power digital flow.  As we had anticipated functional verification was the fastest growing segment of our business in the full year, driven by our segmented incisive verification solutions. No one else in the industry offers his complete, and robust solution for verification management from planning to closure.  In the fourth quarter, we released our enterprise system-level or ESL verification capability. ESL combined automated hardware, software co-verification system like closure management and high performance SystemC simulation in hardware engines.  Another step-up this stack in terms of helping hardware, software and systems engineering teams to manage the risk caused by system complexity.  We achieved the major milestone with respect to the SystemVerilog adoption which indicates this customer base. Over 150 customers are now using our SystemVerilog solution with Incisive design team and Enterprise offering up from the 40 early adopters about a year ago.  Many of these customers appoint a mixed language environment leveraging e, SystemC, and SystemVerilog to meet the full breadth of demand for verification across the organizations.  And we also extended our lead in emulation by improving the ease of use performance and integration with the release of Xtreme III and Palladium III in the fourth quarter. Taking advantage of this improved capability, a leading Graphic Processor Company adopted Palladium III in the period.  The custom IC, we saw a strong year-over-year performance. A very successful early adaptive program for our new Virtuoso platform helps exceed the demand, which continued following the general release in October. As I have mentioned before this is the most significant upgrade to the custom product line in many years and it clearly helps us to expand our business at a number of customers in the fourth quarter.  As an example Qualcomm selected the new Virtuoso platform because it recognize the success at 45 nanometers and below we will require a better technology and a level of integration that only OpenAccess and Cadence could provide. Only this is a nice hardware gap for the customer upgrade cycle this year.  Custom simulation added over 80 new logos in 2006 reflecting an increase in customer demand driven by smaller geometries. More wireless design starts and increase mixed-signal content. We delivered great digital technology during 2006 putting us in a position to have a much greater differentiation in 2007. Mostly solutions like Logic Design Team that came with low power solution and the integration of our Catena technology to encounter GXL. There are various successful entries into the timing signoff market with the Encounter Timing System or ETS. The number of customers and the speed at which they are integrating ETS and new design flows are is very encouraging. During the fourth quarter Renesas adapt their RTL Compiler for it's customer's ASIC Designs at 90 nanometers and beyond.  Hitachi began consolidating its digital Encounter platform. And IBM that is already, excuse me, has announced that it has incorporated RTL Compiler in Encounter Test technology into the IBM 65 nanometer ASIC design kit.  Design for manufacture ability our strategy of tight integration in the design environment I sometime see a big deal in DSM remains on track. Consistent with this we have integrated ship optimizer into Encounter GXL and the space based router into Virtuoso GXL. Focus on kit this year was primarily in the wireless market with small mid size customer seeking to speed up their adoption in technology and design methods. However, kits are not limited to small customers.  Freescale Semiconductor has deployed the AMS Methodology Kit across its design centers worldwide. Freescale anticipates that the verified methodologies within the kit will help it more rapidly to document and deploy this leading edge mixed-signal design flows reducing flow development time by up to 20%. The Silicon-Package-Board business we had a strong performance through the quarter and the year. We advanced IC packaging in market segment we continue to increase our market segment share in position.  Xylon Semiconductor, a Communication Company selected Cadence's SiP solution and RF SiP Methodology Kit, recognizing the D solutions to quickly raise the skill level there in higher teen. In addition, the industries top four assembly and test providers worldwide are standardized on Cadence.  Overall I am extremely pleased with the result of the fourth quarter and for the full year 2006. I look forward to sharing what we have planned with you what we have planned in 2007 on our Analyst Day in New York City on February 28.  And now let Bill take you through some numbers. 
Bill Porter: Thanks Mike. Cadence completed another successful year with strong financial results. For the year total revenue was up 12% non-GAAP, operating margin improved 300 basis points to 27% and operating cash flow was $421 million. Book-to-bill exceeded one for the year, and backlog grew to $1.9 billion. We expect backlog to grow again in 2007. For Q4, GAAP earnings per share were $0.16, compared to $0.8 in the same quarter last year. For the full year 2006, GAAP earnings per share were $0.46 compared to the $0.16 earned in 2005. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.38 for the quarter compared to $0.29 in the same quarter last year, up 31% year-over-year. For the year, non-GAAP earnings per share increased 30% to $1.8 from $0.83 for 2005.  Total revenue for the fourth quarter was $431 million compared to $378 million in Q4 of 2005, up 14%. Product revenue was $298 million, maintenance revenue was $98 million, and services revenue was $35 million. Revenue for the year totaled $1.48 billion, up 12% from $1.33 billion in 2005. Revenue mix by geography in Q4 was 60% for North America, 19% for Europe, 10% for Japan, and 11% for Asia. Business levels exceeded plan across all geographies for Q4 and 2006. One customer in North America accounted for 28% of revenue in Q4. Approximately two-thirds of the revenue for this customer was upfront, and one-third from backlog. No customer accounted for 10% or more of revenue for the full year.  In the quarter, approximately 83% of our product business was represented by ratable licenses and 74% for the full year. Approximately two-thirds of product revenue was generated from backlog for 2006, a trend we expect to continue in 2007. Contract life calculated on a dollar weighted average basis was approximately three years. In Q4, total costs and expenses on a non-GAAP basis were $290 million, up $25 million from $265 million in Q3. The increase was primarily due to higher commissions and incentive compensation, driven by our strong operating results.  The non-GAAP operating margin in Q4 was 33% and 27% for the full year 2006. For the full year 2007, we are looking for another 300 basis point improvement to approximately 30%. Year-end headcount was approximately 5200. Total DSOs for Q4 were 81 days better than our target of mid-80s. The quality of receivables remained high with receivables 90 days past due at 1%, the low end of our historical range of 1% to 3%.  Operating cash flow for Q4 was $205 million, compared to $177 in the fourth quarter of 2005. For the year we generated $421 million in operating cash flow. For 2007, we expect to generate operating cash flow of approximately $450 million. This year we are beginning the construction of a new state-of-the-art engineering building in our San Jose campus. Re-enforcing our commitment to the San Jose community and allowing us to consolidate on a single location. The building will take approximately two years to complete and is funded by the sales of a portion of our San Jose campus. The sale closed last week for $47 million.  Capital expenditures for 2006 were $68 million, yielding free cash flow of $353 million. For 2007, we are targeting normal capital expenditures in the $75 million range plus $22 million for work on the new engineering buildings. Cadence repurchased 12.9 million shares of stock in Q4 at a cost of $236 million, including 5.9 million shares repurchased in connection with our $500 million convertible bond offerings in December. Approximately $528 million remain under our current stock repurchase authorizations at year-end. We intend to use the $100 million that remains from the net proceeds of the convertible notes issues to repurchase stock.  In conjunction with the new convertible bond offering, we also repurchased approximately 45% of our convertible bonds due in 2023, which removes 12.1 million shares from the diluted share count beginning in Q1. The weighted average diluted share count for Q1 should be in the range of 290 to 294 million shares. Cash and cash equivalents were $934 million at year-end.  Now I will turn to our outlook for Q1 in the year 2007. For Q1 we expect revenue to be in the range of $355 million to $365 million reflecting the normal seasonal decline from Q4. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.10 to $0.12 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.23 to $0.25. For the year 2007 we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.575 billion or $1.625 billion. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.69 to $0.77 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.26 to $1.34.  With the seasonal pattern in 2007, we expect to generate 22% to 23% of annual revenue in Q1, 22% to 25% in Q2, 23% to 26% in Q3 and 28% to 31% in Q4. Other income and expense for 2007 should be in the range of $28 million to $32 million.  As I look back at 2006, and forward to 2007, I am pleased with the growing strength of our technology, and our track record of achieving our operating goals. Looking beyond 2007, I believe we will be able to continue to grow our business while expanding operating margins beyond 30%.  Operator, we will now take questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Bill, could you comment more on the one large customer in the quarter, 28% of revenues is unusual both as a proportion so in terms of the absolute amount, the upfront portion of that also seems unusual getting the targeted model anyway. We saw something similar in Q3 of course with the below nominal model range for subscription business. So, just help us understand why this is not an ongoing divergence from the model as welcome, it might be to have a large customer with this much business with you? And I have some follow-ups. 
Bill Porter: Sure Jay. Well I think the thing that I focus on is that we are making real good progress in demonstrating and the differentiation in the value of our solutions at a number of our largest customers. I think you saw that in the past in Q4 and I think you have seen it this year. So, I think that's the plus point as we are having good success with some of the larger customers in the industry. The other point that I would make is that there was a portion of this particular customer's revenue that was upfront two-thirds of it as well as the third was coming from backlog. And as we look at the model we traditionally will have about two-thirds of our revenue coming from backlog, and we will have about a third that is generated in the quarter. And we are still staying comfortably within that model. And as you saw based on our total bookings which you can imply from the backlog growth as well as our revenue growth, that we had a banner year as well as keeping our model with 83% of our bookings in the fourth quarter being ratable. So, we are right within our target range and for the year our ratable percentage was 74%. So, I think the model is holding real well. I think what you are seeing is occasionally we will have success with a big customer and that's welcome because we hope to have success in the future with other large customers and still operate within the model that we have been working for the last three years. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: What's your forecast for the backlog increment for '07, do you think you can grow it again by at least another $100 million. And Mike when you look back at 2006 in entirety at the components of growth, how would you distinguish the contribution from either additional license capacity just more SiP's and users versus pricing, packaging, incremental payment of a new technology? 
Bill Porter: Jay let me just start off on your question on just total business growth for 2007. I think one of the things that we try to do is plan conservatively, so we are not going to go out and try to get too big of a stretch you could see in our revenue range for 2007. That it's going to be in -- the mid point is around 8%. And we do that consciously because we think the planning model gives room for our team to evaluate opportunities with customers and take the business at the right time. So I do expect we will grow our backlog next year, I am not going to put a specific number on it, because I think it allows us like we did this year to work with customers to find the right time we think we will win. But its better to plan conservatively, hit our model and then have the opportunity to overachieve if we see that is ready for us and I think you have seen that we can do that. 
Mike Fister: Yeah Jay when I look back in 2006, it occurred that what Bill said, when you do these consolidations every once in a while you land a monster and those things are going to come and go as we do. And in the biggest companies that -- those are very significant and it's not just seat expansion its expansion of the business. Sometimes it’s a market segment share ship position for us. But once that are -- I think the most telling the way the industry is going go are the progress that we made in expanding the universe, and the whole verification segment was that way. What we are doing with analog and moving it into the RF and the Microwave region is that way. And I don’t think we get any credit for it, but what we are doing down to the manufacturability of the chips and the pro-action in the design environment is that way. So, here is a core component of business that we have, Bill and I have constantly pointed out, that fairly link to the average, new R&D spending, and that’s going along nicely. But we are growing faster than that, constantly through last year, and then all through my time here and I think we’ve just scratched the surface of where we can go. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: And then lastly, what’s going on in Japan that was a fairly low percentage of total revenue this last couple of quarters? 
Bill Porter: Yeah, Jay. I will just comment. And as I talked about the geographies, India and Japan in particular, we beat our plan across all geographies in 2006, and quite frankly in Japan, it’s the highest business level we’ve ever achieved. So, the business is going very well, and as you know we are focused primarily, directly with the top 11 customers and we are continuing to have very good success also with our geographic base there. We will see the normal seasonality with large customer contracts and so there is some volatility between regions as well as sometimes between product lines. Well I think that’s really what we are seeing in Japan. Good traction across the board with the Japanese customers. 
Mike Fister: Few testimonials from Hitachi and NEC bode very nicely for us. I am super excited of what we have done in there. And that part of the world is expanding Jay as kind of a percentage of large numbers for the quarter was huge and it’s a relative piece of the business. That's the fraction that Bill was pointing out banner year in Japan. Its going to happen again next year as far as I am concerned. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Harlan Sur with Morgan Stanley 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good afternoon, good job on the fourth quarter execution. Mike, any updates as to the adoption rate of your next generation Virtuoso platform, and maybe your views in terms of the total upgrade opportunity and over what period of time. It seems that activity for customer is accelerating pretty significantly, we've got aggressive node shrinks by the memory suppliers and aggressive digital to analog integration with your logic customers. So any updates on next-gen Virtuoso be great? 
Mike Fister: Well we certainly have done very well. We did a very deliberate [EDA CD] program and Early Adopter Program. It led to a -- not only early release of the product there I was quite pleased with, but the uptake through Q4 was spectacular, shows up in the numbers as Bill said. And I think it worked very nicely for us for upgrade, some of the base or large part of the base in to next year. I don't know how long it will take us to drive the cost of the whole base, and quite frankly what we are doing is engaging the most ready customers first and sooner or later they will all move, as is my confidence. Its strength of the technology, and as you say Harlan, the features that we have across that are just required as people move along the process or migration, whether its a memory designer or a full custom person or a mixed signal person. So I am super excited about what the team did there. The early customer's feedback is nothing but growing, and I think it bodes very nicely for us this year and for a couple of years to come. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Good to hear. And then, as it relates to the full year outlook, just your thoughts at a high level on what are going to be the key top line drivers for the year. Should we anticipate continued strong growth in digital and verification and that we also get some accelerated contributions from your custom mixed signal segment as well. 
Mike Fister: Well certainly to the conversation we were just having, mixed signal is going to be and customers going to be a significant piece of it. I think we just scratched the surface of what we do can is verification and steadily announcing new capabilities and kind of moving up that stack. And as I said before the things like Low-Power and Logic Design Team are fore bearers of the strength when you consider that in a holistic fashion. The digital are very well positioned with doing all the hardest designs in the world, and I think that gives us a run way to be able to proliferate down and have had this success throughout the year for the segmented products coming in at the entry level to ensure on the customer seamless just cross that. So there is no week part. We are going to announce it in the -- just something in middle of the year of revolution and what we have done in the Printed Circuit Board packaging business from a technology standpoint. So I think I am quite excited about doing it and I see a lot of the feedback from the customers. That’s encouraging just to keep hitting our stride in the business is going to come forward. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Great. And then my last question as it relates to one of the company's new initiatives with which is your Kits strategy and so obviously we saw the Freescale announcement on the adoption of the AMS Kit. I am just wondering is this a product which has being adopted across the entire Freescale organization? 
Mike Fister: Certainly what we have done has allowed Freescale which is globally divergent in the design team that is they are located all over the place that use that as a methodology kind of kick start integrating some of their best practices and deploy it very uniformly, its kind of what you read in the announcement. I think that is an opportunity in other big companies too and we just don’t have them testimony of Cadence and certainly for small company, who may not even be globally diverse, its best method integrated into their design process and that’s exactly why we do it. Let me keep doing that instead of unlimited how high up or fast we can go or, or what we can do that's only limited by our imagination and workforce to be able to gather those best methods in the packaging. So, again I am kind of super optimistic about that strategy I think the IT industry teaches us to do that and we are going to keep doing it. 
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you. Good job on the quarter guys. 
Mike Fister: Well, thank you. 
Bill Porter: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Fox with Deutsche Bank. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Hi, thank you, good afternoon. Bill, just one quick question on the deal push out from last quarter that you had tried to work into the fourth quarter, obviously your mix came in right on target. Could you just talk a little bit about whether those deals that you did push out in the fourth quarter to work harder. Did they all closed and if you just comment generally about how the pricing came in after reworking those contracts? 
Bill Porter: Sure, Tim. I think Q3 was a bit of anomaly, because I think as we, generally we will see some business that we always continue to work between quarters. It just so happened in Q3, we got more of them which was unusual and that's why we chose to vote them, and not try to close that business and try to keep that secondary metric inline with lower practices and we were confident that if we did have the time it would comeback and half would be where we expect it which you did, so, just to punctuate that point 74% for the year and really strong for the half. We did, just take a little bit more time we close the business that we were targeting and I think that's just really it shows up in the great results we have in Q4. So, we were able to close that and we work on top of it and number of other pieces of business that were just happen to be ready for the quarter. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And second question, Bill maintenance jumped pretty dramatically quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year, its actually one of the highest ranges sometime, is that due to the maintenance associated with the upfront portion of that large deal? 
Bill Porter: It was a little higher than normal Tim, it's not necessarily with the upfront portion. I would -- on a go forward basis I think its going to come down a couple of million where there was a little bit of back maintenance that came in, in the fourth quarter which gave us a pop. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Actually one more if you Bill, sorry. Your cash flow from operations guidance for '07 up about $450 million, I think you said it's up about 8% year-over-year. Could you talk about why that's not going to track with earnings growth? 
Bill Porter: Yeah, I think Tim, that we are seeing a little bit of a need to have some working capital in the business. So, I thrown that back just a bit, we will continue to see cash flow growth and there is just some working capital items that we are going to have to take care of in the next couple of years. So you will see it grow with the business it just may not grow as fast as earnings but you will see good growth. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and Mike this one for you. Talking about some new products in the digital area obviously and digital was a little bit more disappointing in '06 than you had planned. Looking at into '07 this is arguably the most competitive space from a pricing perspective, could you just comment on the competitive environment there and do you expect digital to out grow your '06 space? 
Mike Fister: Well I think not even arguably it is the most commoditized element of the EDA core. Some of the reasons that we segmented that technology first, because that allowed us to stratify or draw some lines in the sand about what would be valuable, and kind of project the technology fit along either a node or a time basis. I don’t even know that it was, it certainly wasn’t disappointing to me I think it's another large numbers we just had fantastic results in verification and analog. And I can say, Tim, I continue to like our position kind of taking a very conscious strategy feeding in from the top, doing all the cost stuff as far as I can get it from customers, that great pull-through across the analog and digital because the products are optimized and worked between each other and I am showing you how the verification products and digital are linked than optimized work between each other. And I think it was very nicely for us to grow that present and grow the value of the digital offering. That maybe the more important, because some of the element of commoditization either by maturity or time leads to some wild competitive practices, and that I think our value's degenerating. And so a lot of our focus is to show a customer how we can help them differentiate their business in time or productivity or complexity management and demonstrate some value and that’s the one that we are pursuing. 
Bill Porter: Tim this is Bill. I guess just to add on, because that’s one of the areas as you know with our segmentation that we've spend some time, and that is a multi-year aspect where we are changing packaging and pricing strategy particularly in digital, which is the most competitive space. But I think we have seen some good results so far. For example as we shift through the numbers and we’ll spend a little bit more time at Analyst Day. We are seeing that technology differentiation is helping us to improve pricing in our GXL line in digital. We are also seeing that having the ability to have the L, the lower end version is helping us preserve value in competitive situations. So, these things will take, again years to play out, but those foundation of the product and packaging along with the strength of the technology will help us as we continue to take that journey. So, we will spend a little bit more time, it 's just that it's harder to see the appearance of it in digital right now. Because this is just a little bit more commoditized or competitive. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: That’s fair. Thank you both and nice quarter. 
Bill Porter: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Thank you and congratulations on a nice finish to the year. Mike just wondering if you can talk about the business environment that you are looking at in ‘07. From your comments, it sounded like you are viewing it as largely unchanged relative to ‘06. Just wondering what would you -- should need to see in your customer base to make it more cautious or more optimistic, it sounds like there has been some sort of cautionary notes among some of the semi companies, just want to get your take on that? 
Mike Fister: It's kind of a mix I guess is the word that everyone uses, and a lot of consolidation moving in and around the semiconductor guys. Lot of small companies growing up to be bigger, faster and in generally the way that I think about it is, we are looking at the vertical segments by a breakdown finer than standard industry code and so wireless as a category, consumer as a category, automotive application as category and all double-digit growth. So those bode nicely for mixed signal and the verification kind of technologies that we bring, and some of them require extremely complex Digital Logic Design.  And so I think where -- we can see the growth where we are very focused on those to demonstrate value and I think that's some of the reason that we've run faster than the market in the last year and if possibly there continuing that kind torrid pace moving into it. As Bill said, I think very well, the thing in kind of conditioning the market or reconditioning is to really be thoughtful about trying to show that value and differentiation of the customer, maybe as a contrasting with the competitor, but more so that those companies can evolve. So I really see us at the heart of that semiconductor evolution. And if we do that well, not only will we be very valuable and continue to grow our business by market segment shift, but we will grow the total available universe that we can participate in.  And that's what we are all, Bill and I are always, we got lots of different ways of looking at it. Certainly we are both optimistic about not only at the close of '06 and '07, but I think for the future. And we just don’t know how fast are we more optimistic on that market expansion, than just kind of letting it gestate for a little while. As Bill said it before, as some of these things are multiple year journey, and there is no instant event on the positive that you want to see. Because I do think it's an evolution of the industry. 
Bill Porter: Rich the thing that I also look at is. As we have been seeing consumers becoming a bigger piece of semiconductor consumption, as that is requiring more activity faster and I think that’s a trend that's here for a while. I don’t think that’s going to change quickly even though some of those markets move up and down if the need to get products faster and faster in those markets I think it is going to continue. And as we look at R&D expense growth rate, they still see missing at the high single-digit. So that seems to be a pretty good indicator for more activity faster and the spend is going to be there to see that happening. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great. And Bill looking at your three major product segments. Relative to the midpoint of your revenue target growth of 8%, can you say which of the three segments you expect to sort of grow above, below or sort of in line with that rate, and if any of them would require sort of have market share gains in your estimations to achieve those rates. 
Bill Porter: Yeah that’s -- I would just could have categorized them the way that Mike was talking Rich. I think with custom which is pretty much going to be rolling out that new product-line, that’s not going to require any share shifts, its going to be just a nice pickup. It will be over a several years, which you can see that there is a lot of demand for our customers for that new technology. As you can see the first full quarter production release and grew over 30%. So, I think that will probably be number one mile stock. I think we are going to see the functional verification continue to grow and I think it will grow double-digits and then I think the wildcard for me has been trying to predict digital. As in Analyst Day last year, I thought that was going to grow double-digits and as it turned out custom, outperformed. So there is a little bit of variability in trying to make these predictions. But I think that’s kind of -- I think because we have a very strong portfolio, we are going to see a little add-in flow amongst the three. But the demand from customers is there and I think between the three, yes that gets us to that growth rate that we’ve got out there. And it also allows us the opportunity to do better than that when the opportunity presents itself.  I wouldn't think that the system interconnect even though it has a very, very good quarter. Yeah that is still a smaller piece of the business and we are not going to see that growing at 20% again next year, I don’t think it. It has the ability to probably grow double-digits, but traditionally it’s a slower growing market. So, I think we can do great things there and set them a pack the, the team has done a great job. But I don’t think that’s going to be a big driver for our growth. And quite frankly I think the DFM is still, we’ve got some work to grow to show that number growing, but its really the -- we are having great traction in our implementation and that will pull overtime into what is defined today is DFM. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great that's helpful. Thanks guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Raj Seth with Cowen and Company. 
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company: Hi. Thank you very much. Bill you have I think in the past you talked about your perspective at design starts that picked up, I think important around the consumer activity, I am just curious if you think that this is something that is sustainable or do you think that this is driven by the no transitions and investments around 65 and I guess 90. In other words do you think that design starts were up sustainably? 
Bill Porter: Raj I haven't seen new data but I do think what I was mentioning to Rich is I think that trend is continuing. We are seeing more design activity because there just are more consumer applications. I think that's what driving more of the design starts, but again that was the last data we saw. And the other thing that we were seeing was some of the high bandwidth requirements was driving customers to the very small process nodes. But that's probably the extent of my vision into… 
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company: Forgive me if you discussed this already, I just jumped in. Maybe one more if I could, for either you or Mike. Mike you talked in the past about potentially exploring some alternative business models maybe royalty base models around acts or some of the other stuff you are coming out, is it still something that you are interested in, is it something that we should expect overtime or as your appetite for those kinds of models cooled for some reason? 
Mike Fister: No, my appetite hasn't cooled because in some of these parts of the development process especially in the manufacture ability thing that's the only way to make real money. I think even now some of the -- our colleagues who pursue DFM as a category are seeing that and we had said for the last few years that we were successful in taking some revenue with customers. That way it requires a progressive customer relationship, it bodes well for us in the consolidated relationships and I believe that, that will continue to happen. So in some respects it was also a demonstration of sharing risk and reward, which in my experience has not been traditional in EDA. And so I think this is another one I think it takes a while to do, with the X technology we did try that because it was a very good demonstrable of causality that is what it did produced a result and we're still out there for organize a little bit, but nothing new to report. And as those technologies become mature like we actually can see that we -- sooner or later we will integrate it in for preference in some of the products like the high end of the digital platform. So you can never be static about it, but I remained convinced that's not only interesting, but a necessary element of either demonstrating risk reward sharing with the customer, which they need to do to evolve and penetrating some of the market segments for a financial effect. 
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company: So given that context and I realize it takes a while, how long would those kinds of business models to take within Cadence to sort of make a material impact to your financial or contribute materially I guess? 
Mike Fister: It's a good question. I don't know. Let Bill will do some more with (Alberto) and think about it. The way that we that Bill and I characterize is we try to do it by product or by segments, and some of us say as the DFM penetration strategy. And in that case if it is, I think that there is another two year's (inaudible) on DFM or maybe that will be the basis to do it. But nothing new to report on that, let us think about it. Back to you. 
Bill Porter: Roger, I think at this stage what I would say is we are open and we do quietly do some experimentation where it seems to be a good balance within the core, but I wouldn’t try to project it as a meaningful part of the business in the core at this stage. So, I cannot leave at that. We are still looking at it, well I think we cracked the code on variable pricing models at this stage. 
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company: Got it, appreciate your perceptive. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: Yes, thank you very much. So, I wonder if you can help me understand this booking fluctuation. You had, if I do a quick calculation you had this big customer booking close to 200 million, and you had a, looks like maybe a record booking quarter. Say if I move that 200 million back to September that probably becomes more normalized rate. Is that a correct way to look at it? 
Bill Porter: Well, I think if you go ahead and look in total at the full year, and as many of you know I don’t get into a lot of specifics on bookings. But I think once a year, we do talk about business levels, because we talk about backlog. And just some of the building blocks. Since we grew the top line for the year about 12%, and then you could see that we grew our backlog a 100 million, you can see that the total when you look at it on a percentage basis is in the high teens. So, I don't think that is a generally sustainable way that we are going to grow our business, because its and probably twice the growth rate of the industry, but I think we do take advantage of opportunities. And I think it put us in good stead as we go forward, because we do have the opportunity to over achieve. But I think that just gives you the way we look at the total business for the year, and it's driven by the real strong technology that we've had across in 2006, primarily punctual verification and then also custom, and I think it sets us up well in digital which -- the business did well, but it didn't show that same level of growth. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: So, just one more clarification. When I look at your backlog is it of the backlog, is it proportional to individual numbers, for example say product revenue and service revenue, are they in the right proportion in the backlog or one is higher than other? 
Mike Fister: Yeah. Actually I don't get into that level of specifics on backlog. The level is about two-thirds of our business in 2007. We will come out of backlog, and I think that's probably the right level to think about as oppose to trying to figure out individual component, because I wouldn’t try to get tied up. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: Okay, thank you. 
Mike Fister: You are welcome. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Petkun with D.A. Davidson and Company. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson and Company: Hi, good afternoon, most of my questions have been answered, but Mike I was wondering if you could be a little bit more specific in terms of perhaps new competition you are seeing both in your emulation market and then from a broader perspective in the custom analog, mixed-signal market. 
Mike Fister: Yeah in the -- we really enjoy a great market segment share position in the analog. And as matter, to me analog or full customers, custom analog, mixed-signal, memory, RF, RF moving to micro and so it’s a lot of different things. So that exposes, I suppose, niche positions for some of the companies that you see coming along. It's -- to me its one of the reasons that we made such a big conduct to do out of the Virtuoso launch last year, because we are not giving up anything there. That’s a strong position we have now build up for many, many years, and it's hard for someone to penetrate that with any real breadth because its complicated stuff and its integrated into a lost a little pieces. But if you analyze any of that competitive offering that we did, you will find it incredibly strong. And so beyond a few niche positions, that may be geographic or some kind of a unique product focus like TFT is in Taiwan, I don’t feel lot of exposure there.  On the emulation business there, we do have a big competitor there. I don’t know that I think of it as just the emulation business, we think it of it as the verification. And there is a reason why, I know probably it's hard. Some people dismiss it as my philosophical approach but its not, it’s -- the real value it adds to a customers when you can bundle the emulation, the simulation, the verification process method that you do in that stack of stock. And that’s the way we've segmented the business. We are certainly getting great pull across those, and with the addition of the Extreme to the product-line, we are very seamless by the construction of what we've done from acceleration all the way through emulation. So, I really like our position there. We have got in a lot of great collaboration from customers and once again, the way that we do it is we set roadmaps and we try to execute to our roadmaps and if we do, then we are pretty confident that we are going to succeed in our goal. It's always a competitive analysis, but we are not looking over our shoulder at anybody. We are just setting our targets and trying to hit them. So, I guess that that would be my comment on those two areas. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson and Company: Okay. And then I was wondering if Bill, maybe you guys could be any more specific in terms of how you are looking for competition plans, maybe to change next year, especially in the sales and marketing part of the business or if you feel like you guys are well positioned there in terms of how you are executing the plan. And maybe more specifically on this issue from just percentage of revenue basis, marketing and sales did not see a ton of leverage in the most recent quarter. So, I am wondering if you can kind of address that? 
Bill Porter: Sure, Matt. I think the -- at the highest level, I think our plans are constructed very well, and so I don’t see any fundamental changes and how we've been constructing our compensation arrangements. So, I think that works well. I think what you saw quite frankly in the fourth quarter was we had such a strong business performance that the teams earned some very good incentive compensation, and as we were talking a little bit about the level of business, that is very well rewarded for a great performance both on the product side as well as on the delivery of it. So, generally, if you can take it for the year, I don't think it's that big, but I think you just saw the impact in the fourth quarter because it was a master quarter.  And my true sense is, I think we have demonstrated great scale on the sales, application engineering, and associated marketing. We've grown the business in my time a couple of hundred million dollars and not materially grown the size of the company. Those people men and women are working hard demonstrating and taking great productivity goals. We will talk about it at the Analyst Day, but it's something like 11% productivity in that channel and well I think we've got some more scale to go. So the fact that we are holding the line relatively on the number of employees in the company continue to grow the business, I think bodes very nicely to the kind of capability we have for scale. 
Mike Fister: And Matt, I just would follow-on to that. Occasionally, I get a question well can the business continue to scale, passed the next target we have for 2007 of 38% operating margin, and I think it can one of the big reason as we do have great leverage in the channel as Mike was explaining. We are pretty well, where we need to be. We have great people in the field. So a lot of what we bring to the top line comes right down from a channel perspective. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson and Company: Okay, great. And then just one more final question Bill. You had mentioned earlier the need perhaps to expand your working capital requirements next year. Can you be a little bit more specific in terms of what you might be funding? 
Bill Porter: No Matt, I am not going to be more specific. I think as I said, we'll grow our cash flow from operations, but there is just some working capital that we just need to take care of. I think having something that’s at the 450 level is very good results, we are not seeing anyone in the industry putting anywhere near those kind of numbers. And so we are very happy with that and we will just continue to make progress growing it, but at a little bit of a slower pace. 
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson and Company: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Bill Porter: Sure. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Vishal Saluja with Seligman. 
Vishal Saluja - Seligman: Hi, thanks for taking my question, and Bill great backlog number. I think you have conditioned us for a flattish backlog. So that’s nice to see. I just had a question on operating margins for '07 and beyond. I think you've mentioned that there was still room for improvement, but maybe you can just give us a sense of what level of improvement we can expect in '08 and beyond. So, that’s one. And then can you just walk us through the new convert structure in terms of when exactly does -- at what share price, does the convert become dilutive? Thanks and I have one follow-up. 
Bill Porter: Sure Vishal. In terms of the operating margin progress, I think there having an increase of 300 basis points in '07 and then continuing to progress like that beyond into the next few years I think is very possible for us. I don’t see anything structural that would change that. So getting into the mid 30s over 2 to 3 years is something that I think is very possible. We will look to see as we are continuing to grow the business, particularly in the areas of the adjacencies. At some point maybe to make some trade off's between accelerating growth and margin expansion. And that would be the -- I think a nice trade off and we expect to have that trade off. But, I think for the next few years being able to expand margins 200 to 300 basis points beyond '07, I think it is a reasonable goal. We work hard at it, we do a lot of prioritization. But if we could see growth we will fund it even at the expense of maybe slowing down some of that growth and operating margin, but we do see the ability to get to the mid 30s as the next I think target range. And then in terms of the convertible, let me just take that one off, because I think that information is in the press release, but basically if you look throughout the $30 stock price, we start to get solutions. I don’t have the specifics with me right here. 
Vishal Saluja - Seligman: Okay. And then last question just for Mike. You know the verification franchise has been the tailwind for overall growth. Can you just give us some sort of qualitative assessment of why you think that you can sustain that over the next 12 to 18 months? 
Mike Fister: Well there is two simple reasons. One, it’s an expansion of the total universe that we participate in. Most simply characterized by appealing to people who are software designers or system designers, and its 10 to a 100 times more people who do that, and are the number of people who design chips in the world. Strange to say, but it's absolutely a fact. And I think that’s the goal and the leverage that we see with Kits and holism and all those kinds of fancy words that we use that are semi-technical I suppose. The second is that, companies that are specifying ITs have an exposure to even a supplier if they don’t get a very good molding in the minds on the specification, and that’s the process of verification and not validation. Validation is a semiconductor would have been proven in logic design for the chip goodness. So this verification becomes an architectural tenant and that’s why Bausch was such an interesting testimonial to last a couple of times last year to us. And it bodes very nicely for verticals like automotive or industrial applications.  And that holism makes that melding in my minds even more complete. I believe it’s got a lot of value embedded in it, certainly cement of what a broader customer relationships, sometimes I call it the customer, where a customer becomes valuable. And those combinations of things make it a very fruitful place to go put a lot of effort. So thing that is unique for us is that we bind that market drive to the implementation in the core digital, analog, packaging, very seamlessly until it makes the melding even more complete all the way down. And I think over time, we will demonstrate the manufacturability of its shift. And so I really don’t say this lightly as a philosopher. I say this with some experience because I haven’t done it for 20 something years in my life. And the resonance of that either with my or some of our collective experiences with the progressive customer is just I think a lot of reason for the tailwind. So we are going to keep going and I am anticipating some very nice results to show in the future. 
Vishal Saluja - Seligman: Thank you. 
Mike Fister: Yeah, sure. 
Operator: This concludes the Cadence’s fourth quarter and fiscal year 2006 earnings conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
Bill Porter: Thanks operator. 
Operator: Thank you. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Jordan - Corporate VP of IR   Mike Fister - President and CEO   Bill Porter - Executive VP and CFO
Analysts: Woojin Ho - Merrill Lynch   Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley   Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank   Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson   Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Market   [Quincy Fen] - Tiger Management   Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities   Rich Valera - Needham & Company   Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Michelle, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems' Third Quarter 2006 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions) At this time I'd like to introduce Ms. Jennifer Jordan, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Thank you. Ms. Jordan, you may begin.
Jennifer Jordan: Thank you, Michelle. Welcome to our earnings conference call for the third quarter of 2006. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, www.cadence.com, and will be archived for one week. With me today are Mike Fister, President and CEO and Bill Porter, Executive Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our 10-K for the period ended December 31st 2005 and our 10-Q for the period ended July 1st 2006. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. We will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to our earnings press release for a discussion of non-GAAP measures and to both our earnings press release and our website for reconciliations for GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures use in today's discussions. Now I will turn the call over to Mike Fister.
Mike Fister: Thanks Jennifer. Q3 was another good quarter for Cadence. Revenue grew 9% year-over-year led by sales of our verification and custom platforms. Business fundamentals and outlook for 2006 were unchanged. Last quarter we spoke about how we view our business by looking at the macro environment and the needs of our individual customers. I want to give you a brief update on that. Generally we've not seen change in the environment or in our customer's behavior from the second quarter. Industry forecast for semiconductor growth in 2006 span from 6% to 12%. The analysts' estimates for semiconductor R&D spending remain in the high single digits in the second half of 2006. Recent numbers for the 12 months through 2006 showed the industry having grown about 8% and CDN Live, Silicon Valley event, had healthy industry participation of 25% over last year, with more than 650 customers attending. Talking the past about how the advantage we have with Cadence's breadth as well as our technological depth. Breadth is absolutely required to leverage the quarter of EDA design into adjacent market segments and successfully bring to the market new holistic solutions for designing complex electronic chips and systems. Let me a moment to talk about two such holistic initiatives that we are currently engaged in and to take things to the next level. First the Power Forward initiative; the objective is to enable design and production of more power efficient electronic devices. Today, over 400 user inputs from Power Froward advisors have been incorporated by Cadence into the common power format or CPF. This captures all power specific information in a single file to link design, verification and implementation. In the third quarter Cadence and SiP reached an agreement to accelerate industry education of how CPF through SIT's low power coalition. An example of (inaudible) initiative evidence, the Cadence Logic Design Team Solutions. This new solution expands our leadership in the front-end beyond Functions Verification. It leverages the full strength of Cadence by expanding both the Incisive and Encounter platforms. As with the front-ended [Torino], it re-architects the way RTL design is done, moving from what are today sequential and typically have hot processes to concurrent ones. The result is that our customers can address the growing and predictability crisis from RTL specification logic filing; while we receive strong testimonials for the Cadence Logic Design Team Solutions from major multi-specialist customers, such as Kawasaki Microelectronics to smaller office enterprises such as the QLogic corporations. Functional Verification continues to be the fastest growing segment of our business. We have more than 10 successful competitive simulation displacements within Incisive Enterprise, driven by our leading edge Verifications Process Automation Solutions. And these are the Xtreme III hardware acceleration platforms, which we launched at CDN Live in September, off to a strong start. Redback Networks, provider of video broadband networks shows the Xtreme III system's visibility to deliver high visibility and performance at each step of the design process, through a combination of transaction-based acceleration capability and Incisive Plan-to-Closure Methodology. The strong growth consumer electronics, our customers are increasingly pressured to improve their time-to-market and productivity in the areas of mixed signal design and full custom design. As we said, with the full production release of our next generation Virtuoso Custom Analog Platform is now available to customers. This follows a very successful early adoptive program that allowed us to incorporate feedback from more than 20 companies since its preliminary release in June. Full custom design capabilities is critical not only for mixed signal applications but also for full custom design and digital applications, such as memories and microprocessors. An early adopter of our new Virtuoso platform, Micron Technology continues to recognize our leadership of the Virtuoso Platform and leverages our full custom capability to bring the memory and imaging products to market. In Digital IC, where we've have engagement through 45 nanometers and continue to deliver innovative technology. We are shipping the Encounter Timing system or ETS, which rounds out the digital flow allowing customers to complete and Signoff designs, entirely within the Encounter Platform. We already have numerous public testimonials from ETS users. Apparent to standardize on ETS, Fujitsu is incorporating it into their ASIC implementation flow with final signoff, and [Faraday] is using it in production. We also have a great response to ETS from the foundry. We have some CSMCs validating for 65 nanometer flow, while UMC and SMIC are endorsing ETS for signoff on the advanced signal integrity announcements. The number 65 nanometer tape out completed with the Encounter platform continues to grow. Included in the first tape out the 65 nanometer low power chip using the ARM cortex-A8 processor core. This is the first wireless application processor platform base on the ARM cortex-A8, and is targeted to be the best performing processor available for a wireless hand set applications. We have aligned the chip efforts to leverage our analog mix signal capabilities, targeting the fast growing wireless and networking markets. Customers report the chips are saving them time and improving productivity. This quarter S5 Wireless, a fabulous company, focused on bring extremely low cost wide area locations inventory to market. Reported taking weeks of their engineers' time using the AMS kit. Silicon-package board, our focus on building growth, our direct and ultimate channels is paying off. The number and diversity of our customers in this market segment is best served by a combination of targeting channels. In the direct channel, improved field focus is drawing sales of Allegro products to semiconductor and networking companies, increasingly the (inaudible) and automotive accounts. In the order channel, while partners are demonstrating their expertise in growing the business for our low price, high volume OrCAD PCB products. In addition, we continue to make progress with our new system and package solution which Amcore selected is the basis for its system and package initiative in its design centers worldwide. In design for manufacturing adjacency, we have now collaborations with both Brion and Clear Shape, of Lithography-Aware Design Flow that use a consistent interface to link Cadence Digital Design optimization verification technology, where as the resolution enhancement technologies all focused on producing critical litho-induced yield problems in mass design challenges. We are also been collaborating with ASML on Advanced Resolution Enhancement technology in optical proximity correction software, that was used to produce silicon at 32 nanometers. Finally, I'm speaking at the NASDAQ London conference during the first week of December. I look forward to seeing many of you there. But now, let Bill take you through the numbers.
Bill Porter: Thanks Mike. In the third quarter, we again executed on our strategy and produced strong financial results. Total revenue was up 9% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin improved 3 percentage points to 28% compared to Q3 of 2005, and we had another great cash flow quarter where we reported operating cash flow of $60 million, a 12% increase compared to Q3 of 2005. GAAP earnings per share for Q3 were $0.14 compared to $0.07 in the same quarter last year, up 100%. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.026 for the quarter, compared to $0.21 in Q3 of 2005, a 24% increase. Total revenue for the third quarter was $366 million compared to $337 million in Q3 of 2005, up 9%. Product revenue was $245 million, maintenance revenue was $87 million and Services revenue was $34 million. Revenue mix by geography in Q3 was 54% North America, 22% Europe, 13% Japan, and 11% Asia. The tone of business was good across all geographies. In the quarter, approximately 49% of our product business was represented by ratable licenses. This percentage is lower than our typical rate in the mid 70s, because we elected to continue to work several contracts for better value. Our forecast for the revenue mix in Q4 is in the low 80s and in the 70s for the year. For the year, we expect to generate approximately 2/3 of revenue from backlog. Contract life calculated on a dollar weighted average basis remained at approximately 3 years. Q3 total costs and expenses on a non-GAAP basis were $265 million, down from $270 million in Q2. Our non-GAAP operating margin in Q3 was 28%, up from 25% in Q3 of 2005. We looked for a non-GAAP operating margin of about 34% for Q4 and 27% for 2006. Head count at the end of Q3 was about 5200. The quality of receivables remained high in Q3, with receivables 90 days past due at 1% within our historical range of 1% to 3%. Total DSOs were 93 days compared to 100 in Q2. We still expect DSOs to settle into the mid-to high 80s by the end of 2006. Q3 operating cash Flow was $60 million, versus $54 million in the third quarter of 2005. For 2006, we expect to generate cash flow of at least $425 million. Capital expenditures were $13 million for Q3, keeping us on track to spend approximately $75 million for the year. We repurchased 6 million shares of common stock in Q3, at a cost of $98 million. Cash and cash equivalents were $758 million at the end of Q3, compared to $826 million at the end of Q2. Stock-based compensation expense was $24 million for Q3, and for 2006, we continue to estimate stock-based compensation expense of approximately $100 million. Our non-GAAP measures excludes stock-based compensation expense. Now I'll turn to out look for Q4 in the year 2006. For Q4 we expect revenue to be in the range of $405 million to $415 million. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.20 to $0.22 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.34 to $0.36. For the year 2006, we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.458 billion to $1.468 billion. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.50 to $0.52, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.04 to $1.06. Other income and expense for 2006 should be in the $48 million to $52 million range. I'm confident that we're making progress against our objectives, to demonstrate growth, execute consistently and achieve our operating targets. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Merrill Lynch.
Woojin Ho - Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon, this is Woojin Ho for Jay. Couple of questions, the EDA marketed is indicating for the past number of quarters, a much more positive slope for physical design applications, [PNR] specifically. Can you say with certainty that you're gaining share in that category?
Mike Fister: Yeah, I think we're doing just quite well. The back end was doing around -- is not only doing most shifts, but if you bundle that with Encounter, we're doing all the hard ones and I think moving down nicely to try to start to proliferate that across continuing especially on the strength of our segmented product offering.
Woojin Ho - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Now, are there any notable trends or Cadence activities directed at all towards the global or strategical regional accounts, i.e. any particular targeted sales or product programs that you have undertaken?
Mike Fister: Yes, sure. I mean the segmented product offering allowed to go in settling at the right level of capability, if you go to many places in summary, what we have characterized are merging geographies, they're not tackling necessarily hard ones, they may be at seeing a 90 nanometers as opposed to 65. There's many of them, say, 130 nanometers and, that's one element of exactly what we do. The second element is that we retargeted the sales force almost a year ago with a focus on, as you say, regional accounts and have a nice growth and some of the testimonials that I offer are indicative of that because they may not be the biggest companies in the world, I think in some respects they're employing leadership there by innovating at a higher level of distractions.
Woojin Ho - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and Mike lastly, do you view either design or methodology support services has any kind of leading coincident indicator and if so, how do those look to you?
Mike Fister: Well, it's a very valuable tool for the company because we use the services capability either to demonstrate new technologies, help our customers kind of over a capacity, buffer that they may have poorly anticipated. They may need more capacity in a particular part of the design cycle and/or to kind of learning and rotate that intelligence that we get down into our basic developed resources, strategic element of our business for all three of those. As you can see from those comments, it's nicely subscribed, that means is very busy and we are using it a lot in translation in the consolidation with accounts big and small. And so, it's just a very mature part of our company and business and it acts in many different capacities for us.
Woojin Ho - Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur of Morgan Stanley.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good afternoon. Nice job on the quarter. First question for you, Mike, lots of design activity and strong unit growth forecast in the memory space, both on flash and DRAM and, given the heavy use of custom tools and analog mix signal stimulation with the memory suppliers; I am just wondering, how much is Cadence benefiting from the positive trends we're seeing here and more specifically with respect to NAND flash, which is a relatively new product segment, is the team seeing an expansion of the market opportunity here, as this segment continues to grow pretty rapidly.
Mike Fister: I have a testimonial software on a particular NAND flash, I think to your point, it was interesting that Micron has a testimonial for us and in CND Live in San Jose, we had some particular sections with those kind of guys. There's an awful lot of our new Virtuoso focused at helping drive those technologies and drive not only to density but time the market. And I think in solution is good, stay tuned and what we'll try to do is funnel some technology testimonials that show some real progress there.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And I think you might have alluded to this a little bit earlier; but at Cadence Live we had the opportunity to speak with several of your customers, lots of discussions on the rollout of your next generation Virtuoso platform. And I think for most of the customers that we talked to, it wasn't a question of if, but when they would transition. And so, I guess the question is; can you give us a sense as to the upgrade opportunity ahead of the team as customers start to transition, and maybe over what period of time?
Mike Fister: That's a good question. Its one of the reasons in the comments I put in, just how broad the engagements were, if you really adopted, there's over 20 companies. Bill noted particular strength in that part of the business this quarter, it wasn't -- it was coincidental, it was linked with the new Virtuoso platform. And it's something that will take over a year for some of our customers to embrace, because they're at different parts of their design cycles in terms of transition, and then some will bias it on a nodal transition process note, some will bias it on, what calendar time transition and some will focus on a product transition. So, what we're focused on now doing is working with customers in a very targeted way across the three different time continuous and focus first on the people who are going to move right away and then let the other ones move along as they come. One other thing I would point out is that, that product is segmented into the three tiers, L, XL and GXL, I think that's going to be an advantage to for customers intersected, even mid-cycle based on product transition or complexity.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great and then my final question, I know you made some commentary about just not seeing a whole lot of changes in terms of customer spending patterns from a macro level, but you know, outside of the memory space, semiconductor fundamentals have been pretty mixed at best, we heard about excess inventories in some segments of the market space, lower demand at the margin in certain segments like wireless for example, and so I'm just wondering, given that your customers in these areas have not pulled back on spending for design tools. What is it that they're focused on, what is it that's causing them not to pull back here? Is it focus on 65 nanometer and design execution, is it DFM related issues? Is it Verification issues? I mean what are the challenges that are forcing your customers to continue to spend?
Mike Fister: They're across the board. Definitely people are focused on high integration for cost and many times that's a forward-looking process approach at 65 nanometer, which may itself have a mixed signal notion to it, because the structures don't report very nicely in the analog domain. I think verification is a various (inaudible) in your point, there is our systems on a chip, in a truer sense of the word, and we're seeing an awful lot of progress focused on considering those making the trade-offs as they approach those chips and then also trying to get the applications migrated on the market in ramp of the device. And the third thing I would say is that, many of those are very complex digital systems and the testimonial that I mentioned on, that used the ARM cortex 4 is a speed power product. That is, they're trying to build a speed performance device at really low power. And its one of the things that we look forward to with Power Forward, is a demands before it makes very good advantage of not only to tally of our Encounter system but now as you can see the improvements in the timing system in past, and I think those are all very thoughtful on our part to try to help those customers make those changes.
Harlan Sur - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great, thanks a lot, Mike.
Mike Fister: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Fox of Deutsche Bank.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Thank you, good afternoon. Bill, if I could just start with a couple of questions; first, can you talk a little about the drop in the percentage of ratable, pretty precipitous drop to 49%. Can you go into a little bit more about what drove that for this quarter?
Bill Porter: Sure, Tim. There's a tension that we look at between achieving quarterly metrics and then creating long-term value, and one of the things that we've been open discussing is that our objective is to provide some better solutions to customers and get some better value in return. During Q3, we achieved our primary targets of revenue growth, operating margin expansion and cash flow growth and then we consciously made a trade-off to work several contracts for better value at the cost of a lower ratable percentage for Q3. And for example, one contract that I'm familiar with, we've continued to work, and it's expected to close in Q4 for 25% more than we could have got at the end of Q3. So, as we look at it, our model hasn't changed, we are forecasting a radical mix in Q4 that is higher than normal, in the 80s and we will be at about 70s for the year. And we don't expect our year-end backlog or just look the business to change we're still looking at least $1.8 billion of backlog. So it was really about making a short-term trade-off for a secondary metric and get better value as we work to provide better technology to our customers when they need it and so we wanted that ability to increase that value and look things over more than a quarter's horizon.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay, I think, I get that part of it. On the cash flow front, I think you reiterated your view for about 425 in cash flow from operations for the year. Do you anticipate a similar level of sales of receivables this year as you did last year? Is it more normalized in '06?
Bill Porter: I would look at about the same level, Tim. It's pretty normal for us, as you know our program is, we can generate at least 25% of our product business from term licenses and when you look at just the rough numbers of close to $1 billion in product, that's going to generate about $250 million a year, and we'd like the use of that cash to do things like repurchase stock. And so, we think it's a good trade off and something we're comfortable with doing. It's a true sale program.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay, Mike, if I could, maybe just a couple of quick ones for you. Any change in the competitive front in emulation? I know we've heard some recent noise from some of the competitors in the market. But I'm wondering if you're seeing any increase in competitive dynamics there? Any share loss to comment there? Thank you.
Mike Fister: Yes, with some, some I guess, amount of pride I was talking about Xtreme III and selling completely that segmentation down another level and had a couple of testimonials there. There's definitely some, I've heard some rumors of competitive product and read about it, I haven't seen any losses. And that's such a strong part of our business. I don't know that I'm really looking backwards. I'm looking at the total complexity of our product offering and the emulation links nicely with what's were doing on Incisive. It will take another linkage with design team. I think that's really the strength that we're seeing and it bodes well for us in the future.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and just finally, both of the major competitors in the space have done some recent acquisitions in the system level design area and I know you typically refer to that with your Verification platform. Do you have any views, or has your view changed at all about expanding your system-level capabilities beyond just the verification part of that element?
Mike Fister: Yeah, we're innovating internally that, and moving up nicely, have announced a program that we call Builder that fits nicely up above verifications as someone tries to construct their platforms for tests, for architectural exploration, as well as for verification after you get it fixed. And then have been less public with that about another incubation, but it's out there. And I believe the strength of what we're doing, is going to be the strong linkage of those technologies to our implementation flow. And the big idea there, Tim, is you want to be able to test an idea as it would be implemented before you would implement it, that's the strategy that Bill and I have described a couple of times, like the analyst day and such. And so, it's very thoughtful what we're doing and I think that completeness of our strategy is one that builds nicely upon the implements and verification foundations and then kind of innovates us as back. So, beyond that, we're certainly collaborating with several companies in that space, where we have made point wise engagements with customers and that's kind of the strategy that we're onto.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Very good, thank you. Nice quarter.
Mike Fister: Sure, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Petkun at D.A. Davidson
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson: Hi, good afternoon. Bill, just a point of clarification, I'm sorry I misunderstood. When you said 49% of business is ratable, did you mean, I know I misheard you, the 49% of new bookings were booked under ratable licenses or that 51% of your revenue came from backlog?
Bill Porter: It was the first, Matt.
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson: Okay, then I guess I missed the percentage of total revenue in the quarter that came from backlog?
Bill Porter: It's still in the low 60s. I didn't mention that, but that's the answer.
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson: Okay, I think previously you had said about 2/3 and I don't want to read too much into anything, but I mean, that would seem to make sense if you had more one-time deals in the quarter then.
Bill Porter: Yes, it's within in that, I think normal range of a couple points here or there.
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson: Okay, great. And then, your analyst day, or not analyst day, but I (inaudible) provided that analyst dinner, you gave us some clarification in terms of what you're seeing in percentages. I think it was specifically on the Encounter side for digital in terms of product tiering between L, XL and GXL. Can you kind of give us an update on that, maybe share how that is going for you also on the Incisive, kind of enterprise versus other levels of product tering?
Bill Porter: Sure Matt. Let me just reiterate the, mix that we are expecting is around 10% to 20% in GXL, about 20% to 30% in L and the rest in XL and that experience is primarily around our digital platform. And what we have seen so far really focused on the high ends around mid-teens in GXL. We've got about three quarters now of experience and we are seeing, I'd say very similar but a very early trends in the rest of the platforms, so really, I think the best day that we have is around digital. We are seeing continued anecdotes back from the field that the segmentation helps us compete particularly with the Ls as we are able to move in at a base level and then we can work with our customers to sell up as their needs, get more complex. So, that is getting good feedback. And then also, particularly across the geographic accounts, we are continuing to see some good early intake of the kits primarily around mixed signal as we can help the smaller companies get time to market improvement. And that also interplays a bit with the services that was asked earlier, because the services teams can help with those small customers particularly as they move into some new technologies. So, the early indications I think are continuing to be good. At this stage, I think it's still too early for me to quantify that we've got the 1% to 2% growth that we're targeting from both segmentation and kits, but we're still feeling that the early progress is good and we're going to continue to focus efforts there. So, we see good returns particularly with the segmentation and then moving up the stack with smaller customers on the kits business.
Mike Fister: The one other thing, the segmentation you asked on the verification side, is a little bit different. I don’t think its going to stratify that way. Enterprises across the continuous designers and verification engineers, that's a characteristic of a extremely big organization and so on. So, it's a lot more targeted around the size of the company that we're penetrated on and we're focused as a high end companies to start off with. So, it's almost irrelevant in some respects what the distribution of the enterprise segmentation strategy is right now.
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson: Okay, that’s a good point. Just one other final question from me, I know you guys, I think it was this quarter, launched the Xtreme III in the Emulation product line. I know you are not going to give specifics, but I am just wondering how much hardware is right now, roughly as a percentage of the total? It seems like that has been one a couple of markets when you've been gaining a lot of share, and I'm just wondering if you could kind of provide some updates on that?
Mike Fister: Yeah, Matt, the Xtreme just released at the end of the quarter and I think it's going to continue to fill out our strong business in Emulation. It's a very natural move from simulation up to the hardware acceleration and then to Emulation. We don't break out specifics for the hardware business besides, it has been doing well. It is -- adds the capability that others don't have for product line, and we think it's going to continue to grow.
Matt Petkun - D.A. Davidson: Okay, thanks a lot. Nice quarter.
Mike Fister: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stuart Muter of RBC Capital Market.
Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Market: Yeah thanks. Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. I guess first question, is really Japan revenues dropped off as a percentage fairly substantially from Q2 to Q3. Could you talk a little about what was driving that?
Bill Porter: Yes, Stewart, it's nothing more than the mix of business by geography which does have some volatility depending on which contrasts it closed and revenues in a particular quarter and in a particular geography. As we look at our Japanese business, it continues to be very strong. We have a very good pipeline, as we look at Q4 and as we continue to look out into that business. It's really based on the strength of the technology and the customers in Japan are investing. We've seen that, we expect that to continue. So, I think you're seeing just a little bit of stronger business in North America and Europe this quarter. But we still see the trends as we look at it, kind of our weighted average basis -- full quarter basis continue to do well in Japan.
Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Market: So Bill, you think, it will be higher as a percentage in Q4?
Bill Porter: Generally, I expect, yes it will.
Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Market: Okay. And a quick question for Mike. In terms of the early feedback on 45 nanometers, what are your customers, really -- where are they struggling with 45 nanometers? Does it continue to be designed for manufacturability? Is it continued power, could you talk a little bit about what you're hearing with the early feedback on one of the design challenges of 45 nanometers?
Mike Fister: Yeah. It's very early, good question though. It's a trade-off of density and power. On those kinds of process technologies, you can put a lot of stuff on there. Say, you want to integrate for value and that's why Power is such a huge component of care. The pure performance of those when you trade-off power, like that wireless chip example, that I was mentioning is manageable. And often times it's not just an element of, hooking the transistors together, the conception of the chip and then improving that it works and that's why the verification linkages are so interesting, and that's why the design team is notable. So, it really -- if I could characterize, it's sound probably, characteristically (inaudible), it increasingly becomes a system design problem as opposed to just a semiconductor design problem. As they go into production, I think we'll see a whole rap of DSM associated opportunities. And the approach that we take, say an example on a [Power 40] even with the breath of the encounter offering is to look across that barrier of implementation down into the manufacturability. And we'll see, about a year from now us, is to ask, ask the question again and I think it will shift more to a production kind of a mantra like 90 was a year ago.
Stuart Muter - RBC Capital Market: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks very much.
Mike Fister: Alright.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Quincy Fen] of Tiger Management.
[Quincy Fen] - Tiger Management: Hey, guys. My call was -- my question was regarding the fluctuations in the revenue but you guys seem to have already touched on that, so that's it?
Mike Fister: Okay. Operator, are there any more questions?
Operator: (Operator Instruction) Your next question comes from Rohit Pandey of HSBC Securities.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Thank you. I have about four or five questions here. Bill or Mike, if I look at the digital IC design revenue contribution, that's the lowest this quarter compared over the past ten quarters. So, what drove down the contribution?
Bill Porter: Rohit, for digital and we have a strong portfolio from across the different product lines and they will perform and out perform in different quarters as our experience. And so as you look at that trend, you'll see that we'll have fluctuations by product group, for example in Q1, digital was down and then Q2 digital was up. So I think as we just look at digital for the year, it's probably a little lower than we and on the contrary custom is exceeding our expectations, really based on the success of digital also. So, I think normal fluctuations is something that, we see because of just the strength of our overall product portfolio. And then when we look at our digital technology, it continues to strengthen. We're not seeing competitive losses. And we are continuing to see good progress introducing initiatives, like Power Forward. We're pretty exciting about the Logic Design Team Solution and we're getting very good feedback as Mike described on encounter timing system. So I would just chalk it up to normal fluctuations and I think we're continuing good trend with that technology.
Mike Fister: Well Pandey, and one thing really, -- and I think you noticed. As you would, in the advance process nodes like 65 nanometer where a few of the testimonials were focused, Virtuoso also has another (inaudible) for digital has a full custom tool. And so, probably gone lower in our own minds that to continue to the world, since how pure digital is for digital but, I think concur with Bill's comment.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Okay. And when I look at year-over-year revenue growth quarter-by-quarter, its been slowing down since the first quarter. So, should I expect it to reserve looking forward or how should I think about it, like you were 12% for the first quarter and the second quarter, 8.5 for the third quarter. How should I think about the year-over-year growth?
Bill Porter: Yes, as we look at growth, we look at it over a longer-term horizon. And it's a little bit of the law of large numbers. We have consistently set that we would grow in, the high single-digits and we've done some better than that. And so we've been very pleased that we've been able to grow little faster than that. But we plan our business around our R&D growth. And so as we look forward and we think that there can be some fluctuations in growth rate, but we're pretty pleased that we've been growing the business over the last few years, faster than the industry and if we try to plan the business conservatively, so that we can hopefully overachieve to some of those growth rates.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: And on the accounting side this quarter, you have a credit for non-deferred compensation. So how does that work?
Mike Fister: I'm sorry, I don't understand that question.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: You have a credit for the non-deferred compensation, usually that's an expense, I'm looking at the pro forma reconciliation and it's on page --
Mike Fister: Okay, I understand your question now.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Yeah, okay.
Mike Fister: With non-deferred comp, what happens when the value of the portfolio goes up; it hits our compensation expense. And then there's an offsetting increase in other income. So, the net impact on your P&L is zero. But it hits you in two different lines. So, on the contrary, when the value of the deferred comp portfolio goes down, you get a credit in compensation expense and on the other side you get a reduction in your other income from the portfolio. Again it nets out to zero. And that's the way it needs to be accounted for.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Okay, and last one on the ratable, if it went down to 49% and you said it was a trade-off made. So, should I think that your overall backlog should be higher now because you were able to extract more value out of the customers by pushing back the renewal from this quarter?
Mike Fister: Yeah, as I described it, Rohit, it was really the quarter change. As we look at the full year, we expect our backlog to be about the $1.8 billion that we were predicting all along. So, this is really a trade-off between Q3 and Q4. The model itself I think remains, so this is about making choices for a secondary method versus really getting that value that I described in that particular example.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: So, was it logistics, like you could not close deals or was it you just thought, like you will capture the value by pushing it to the fourth quarter?
Mike Fister: If we wanted to focus and just get that business closed, I believe we could have, but we would have given up too much value.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: Okay, got it.
Mike Fister: So this is really about making a choice for a longer-term.
Rohit Pandey - HSBC Securities: That’s all that I have, thank you.
Mike Fister: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera, Needham & Company.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Thank you. I was just following up on some earlier Virtuoso question. Mike, I was wondering if you could give a us a sense of the ASP difference from the new Virtuoso versus old one, just to give us some sense of the revenue, certain opportunity if your customer base were to all upgrade over time?
Mike Fister: Yeah, it's less about pure ASP than it is, buying in at the level that you want to or that you need to, and we bundle in, in the GXL, a lot more EFM oriented capability and so I think what will happen in the ASP uplift and as Bill said, we'd love to share this at the analyst day when we get out there in a couple of months, more than by anecdote. We'll get sell-out from the mid-level which is about where we had Virtuoso before up into the GXL level and the price points will help to not give somebody a technology that they can't use and therefore harp in the debate about why it should be cheaper, and it will more allow them to participate every time as they value the features. Does that make sense? What I'm saying?
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Yes, I think it does. You haven’t mentioned alternative pricing models recently. Just wondering how that's going, if that's still a significant initiative, and if there is any forward movement down the alternative pricing front?
Bill Porter: Yeah Rich, this is Bill. I think we continue to, what I would say experiment with a number of innovations around pricing in addition to what we've talked about in terms of our segmentation. The level is about the same level we talked about in 2005 at our analyst day. But we still look at that. We don't really have much to say. We've talked and we still experiment around particularly some of the DFM technologies because again we think there's some volume application. But still, early days. So, as part of getting better value to customers, you want to give them better solutions and we continue to see, is there a different opportunity to improve how we package and how we price.
Mike Fister: Well I could trying (inaudible) anticipate. It's interesting to me to see customers that are thinking out further in time, looking for ways that are more shared-risk reward, either around pockets of their business or big pieces and, really have -- that's one of the reasons we, that's where we have as you know, have done most of the experimentation that Bill was talking about. And I think it takes a very mature relationship to really have that conversation because you want to be viewed as an equal as opposed to lesser than equal. You know, let it to do on that for the -- when we do the analyst day, we are definitely are going to have some of our experience to share there. I believe with a lot of passion, just like I did when I came into the industry, that's both valued by some of our customers and will be in some time, in some segments, especially the manufacturability segment, the way that we have to operate to really be effective as a business.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Thanks, and just one final one for Bill. You called out the other income of $48 million to $52 million for the full year, is that higher than you had expected previously? And if so, what is that?
Bill Porter: It's up just slightly, Rich, from the update I gave last quarter. And we're just continuing to see a slight pick-up from other interests, or our interest income from our portfolio, was a little bit bigger.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Okay, and could you remind us what it was last quarter?
Bill Porter: The range; I think it's up a couple million from the total range we gave last quarter. But I can check with -- I can check it and have that for you.
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Okay, that's great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your final question comes from Sterling Auty of J.P. Morgan.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Actually Bill, I jumped on a little bit late. I heard some of the description on the last question that was regarding the ratable. I guess I'm still not clear, I understand kind of what you guys have done for some time, and chose of walking away from business where you didn’t think you are getting value out of the customer. But in totality, if I look at declined deferred revenue, how much of that was seasonality, and then -- versus the revenue; I just want to gauge how tough the quarter may have been?
Bill Porter: Yes, Sterling, I think there's really too different questions, so, let me just separate it. The deferred revenue, that was really a mechanical difference in dates, and what I mean by that is, in Japan for example, they generally will bill on semi-annual cycles. Last year, our end of quarter, which was October 1, was really the end of Q3. So, we billed a lot of items the last day of Q3 and it increased our deferred revenue. This year, October 1, fell into Q4, and so those increased billings in Japan happen in Q4, so you don't see the pick-up in deferred revenue. So, that's why you don't see the increase in deferred revenues this year that you did last year, it's really a seasonal billing. That's separate from what we decided to do this quarter as we looked at our portfolio business. And based on the strength of the technology and the richness of our pipeline, we could see that we were going to hit our primary targets and based on the mix of business that we were still discussing with a number of customers, those decisions were to continue to work, those contracts were essentially a subscription business, a little bit longer. So, we can get that value that I gave you example of.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: But did it cause you, it pushed other business to a more upfront or what's that business already heading in that direction?
Mike Fister: No, that business was already heading in that direction, that's why we could see based on the mix, which contracts that we would continue to work.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's Cadence Design's third quarter 2006 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Jordan, Vice President, Investor Relations   Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer   William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Woojin Ho, Merrill Lynch   Harlan Sur, Morgan Stanley   Raj Seth, Cowen & Company, LLC   Tim Fox, Deutsche Bank Securities   Matt Petkun, DA Davidson   Sterling Auty, JP Morgan   Rohit Pandey, HSBC Securities   Stuart Muter, RBC Capital Markets   Vishal, Analyst
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Brook and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Second Quarter 2006 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press * then the number 1 on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the # key. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Jennifer Jordan, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations for Cadence Design Systems. Thank you, Ms. Jordan, you may begin your conference.
Jennifer Jordan, VP, Investor Relations: Thank you, Brook, and welcome to our earnings conference call for the second quarter of 2006. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, www.cadence.com, and will be archived for one week. With me today is Mike Fister, President and CEO; and Bill Porter, Executive Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2005, and our 10-Q for the period ended April 1, 2006. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our earnings press release for a discussion of non-GAAP measures and to both our earnings press release and our website for reconciliations of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures used in today's discussion. With that, here’s Mike Fister.
Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jennifer. The second quarter was another good quarter for Cadence. Revenues grew 12% year over year, met by sales of our verification and digital platforms. Our business fundamentals and outlook for 2006 are unchanged. Now, I know many of you have some concern about the environment given the recent technology sell off. Let me give you some sense of how we try and go ahead on our business. First, we look at the macro economy in the industry where the data as you know is the mix. Forecasts for semiconductor growth in 2006 span a wide range from 6% to 17%. The forecast for semiconductor R&D spending for 2006 remains in the high single digits. Design start forecasts are steady to slightly up with a number of design starts of 90 and 65 nanometers continue to grow. The consumer market will make up 54% of the $246 billion in chips that will be sold worldwide this year, according to the Semiconductor Industry Association. Second, we take a deep dive in our booking business customer by customer. The customer-by-customer look is crucial because while some tech sectors may not be doing as well as others and competition everywhere is fierce, customers who hit their market window with the right product are having success. And third, it’s geography. In order to maximize our business opportunities and align our resources correctly with them, we need to know where our customers are investing, and we need to understand what new business models and strategies will best suit different regions. Finally, the most interesting trend continues to be the emergence of both multinationals and local spending industry investments in China and India. In our core business, our Analog Mix Signal Kit is a key differentiator with customers and is fueling purchases of our other design platforms as well. We released our next generation Virtuoso platform to early adoptive partners on schedule in June. The initial feedback from these partners has just been excellent. We also completed the full production release of the Cadence ShapeBased router. STMicroelectronics uses Cadence ShapeBased router on its latest 65 nanometer mixed analog RF Digital design taken out in the third quarter 2006. We’ve also upgraded our analog mixed single kit and announced our RF SiP methodology in ARM Functional Verification Kit with CDN Live in Europe about three weeks ago. Customers are adopting kits to target new vertical markets or design specs. And A2e Technology, which is a U.K. based company specializing in RF Design and manufacture, uses our AMS Kit in the Virtuoso platform to ramp a new design team quickly and save time and design cycles when attacking the new vertical market. In digital IC we continue to develop innovative technology for managing the challenges of low-power design. We partnered with ARM to develop an automated digital flow for implementing their top line microprocessor, the Cortex-A8, to achieve the highest performance with the lowest power. And 10 companies led by Cadence formed the Power Forward Initiative to work on the refinement and promotion of a new specification of the common power format, which captures essential design intensive power and links to design, implementation, and verification demands to adjust obstacles to lower power design. SoC are now supported by the X technology of 65 nanometers and are geared based on the next design for the SoC 90 nanometer processors. At Silicon Package Board we announced the industry’s first commercial SiP implementation solution. And to look at the verification changes, we enhanced our Incisive Enterprise solutions to enable architectural modeling to system validation, combining system level hardware and software for enterprise management. The combination of verification process automation with Enterprise Spectrum Simulator again drove the displacement of competitors’ simulation from a number of counts in the second quarter. Customers continue to see the value from a holistic approach to verification, and this holistic approach has had a similar impact in the hardware emulation where we clearly lead the market. Cadence is the only company delivering uniform emulation systems as a massive scale required to verify our leading customers’ most complex designs. These are systems capable of handling greater than 200 million gig. In the second quarter, we delivered our second such system. In the design to manufacture ability adjacency, we are making steady progress with PVS where we completed seven phase outs, as well with Virtuoso SoC RET and Chip Optimizer. We continue to add forward-looking modeling technology such as chemical-mechanical polishing and… Geographically, North America and Europe each had a great quarter while Japan did not. Hitachi entered into an agreement which includes joint flow creation, validation, and more comprehensive technical support, and consistent with flow seen across all our platforms, NEC extended its relationship with Cadence to improve verification technology and added Virtuoso technology for their business. We look forward to seeing at CDN Live in Silicon Valley on September 12th each and everyone, and now I will let Bill take you through the numbers.
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Mike. In the second quarter Cadence again demonstrated consistent executions and strong financial results. Total revenue was up 12% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin improved 4 percentage points to 25%, compared to the second quarter of 2005, and we had another good cash flow quarter where we reported operating cash flow of $115 million. GAAP earnings per share for the second quarter were $0.10, compared to breakeven in the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.23 for the quarter, compared to $0.17 in the second quarter of 2005, a 35% increase. Total revenue for the second quarter was $359 million, compared to $321 million in the second quarter of 2005, up 12%. Product revenue was $232 million, maintenance revenue was $93 million, and services revenue was $33 million. Revenue mix by geography in the second quarter was 48% North America, 24% Japan, 18% Europe, and 10% Asia, as we demonstrated balanced growth across all regions. One customer accounted for 13% of our second quarter revenue, and in the quarter approximately 76% of our product business was represented by licenses. Approximately, two-thirds of our product revenue was generated from backlog, and our contract life calculated on a dollar weighted average basis remained at approximately three years. The second quarter total costs and expenses, on a non-GAAP basis, were $270 million, up from $262 million in the first quarter. Our non-GAAP operating margin in the second quarter was 25%, up from 21% in the second quarter of 2005, and we continue to look for a non-GAAP operating margin around 28% for 2006. Headcount at the end of the second quarter was about 5100. The quality of receivables remained high in the second quarter with receivables 90 days past due at 1%, within our historical range of 1% to 3%. Total DSOs were 100 days, compared to 97 days in the first quarter. We still expect DSOs to settle into the mid-to-high 80s by the end of 2006. The second quarter operating cash flow was $115 million. For 2006, we expect to generate operating cash flow of at least $425 million. Capital expenditures were $20 million for the second quarter and $35 million for the first half, keeping us on track to spend approximately $75 million for the year. We repurchased 5 million shares of common stock in the second quarter at a cost of $92 million. Cash and cash equivalents was to date $126 million at the end of the second quarter compared to $873 million in the first quarter. Stock-based compensation was $26 million for the second quarter, and for 2006 we continue to estimate stock-based compensation expense of approximately $100 million, and our non-GAAP measures exclude stock-based compensation expense. Now, I'll turn to our outlook for the third quarter and the year 2006. For the third quarter we expect revenue to be in the range of $350 million to $360 million. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.12 to $0.14 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.24 to $0.26. For the year 2006, we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.425 billion to $1.475 billion. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.45 to $0.53 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.98 to $1.06. Other income expense for 2006 should be in the $43 million to $48 million range. We’re working closely with our customers and watching the environment in which they operate carefully. In spite of the uncertainty in the environment I feel confident that we’ll make progress against our objectives to demonstrate growth, execute consistently, and achieve our operating targets. Operator, we’ll now take questions.
Operator: At this time, I would like to remind everyone, if you would like to ask a question, press * then the number 1 on your telephone keypad. We’ll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch.
Woojin Ho, Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon, this is Woojin Ho for Jay. Mike, can you comment on the design requirement demands for markets other than consumer and mobile, for example automobile and imaging?
Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, they are very similar. The mixed signal content is high, especially in automotive we have a lot of electromechanical devices. They’re also driven to value integration. They may not be the first always on the most advanced process because they are trying to improve the reliability, and reliability considerations are extremely aggressive, like literally zero defects per million. But it really is a much more a value to verification as it turns out, because what you’re trying to do is architect in the goodness, and that’s a very powerful approach when you do it correctly. So, both of those segments are very, very interesting to us and you may remember that we actually considered targets kits into the automotives, is declared vertical next year.
Woojin Ho, Merrill Lynch: Right, and in terms of the kits, are there one or two of the kits that you’ve introduced so far that you think might have especially stood out of the rest?
Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it’s a good question. What happens is some of the kits are methodology foundations like the analog mixed signal one. The ones that are probably particularly interesting — this is a journey and a not a destination — are the ones that are more vertically integrated. So, I’m very excited about the things that we’re doing with the RF Incorporation, we released RF SiP. The packaging in general is a good vertical integration. The way you can look at those if you’re not like me is look at ones that contain verification content, because that’s inclusion of planning through the implementation, and what we have on our roadmap I’m very excited about.
Woojin Ho, Merrill Lynch: Okay, now Cadence has released pieces of the suite thus far including Chip Optimizer, how have these done so far and what’s the schedule for the remaining pieces?
Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer: We have been releasing it and as you know the FM strategy is very thoughtful and structured around big customer engagements, because you’re kind of comparing notes on what they know or what might be special to them with how we can help them solve those problems. The Chip Optimizer is an excellent evidence with IBM and API, and you’re right we did release the RET technology, we’ve got kind of a continuous stream of those coming out, and the PVS is an excellent foundation for being able to add and innovate technologies on top it. So, they kind of come and go and I don’t have anything to project for you. That is may be giving too much insight in some of the special customer engagements, but there are many and they are deep.
Woojin Ho, Merrill Lynch: Fair enough, and lastly what products if any underperformed, or generally speaking to which mature segments are you most exposed to?
Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer: I don’t know. To tell you the truth, I don’t think we underperformed anywhere. Bill said it very nicely, across geographies and across product lines it looked good. The ones that are most mature are in our full custom analog mixed signal and primarily that’s the Virtuoso platform; that’s just marvelous to see what the teams have done with that and the customer response; and even something that would be considered relatively mundane like the package board for credit circuit boards, you can see we’ve taken our technology and innovated on top of it and brought in a semiconductor package. So, I think the technologies and the prices we have are excellent fundamentals and there isn’t any of it that isn’t capable of evolving and growing.
Woojin Ho, Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot for taking my call.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harlan Sur with Morgan Stanley.
Harlan Sur, Morgan Stanley: Hi guys, good afternoon and congratulations on another well executed quarter. Question for Mike and Bill, you’ve talked about smoothing out the booking as it relates to renewals or large opportunities, and in speaking with some of your customers this quarter, we got the sense that several of those customers that placed large orders in the second half of last year are buying more this year. So, it seems like your strategy is working, maybe you can just give us your view on whether or not it’s working out the way that you envisioned.
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: Harlan, this is Bill. I think we talked about what our strategy was and what we expected the results to be at analyst day. We were thinking we should see continued strong growth in verification. We should also see that trend continue where we’re continuing to come back and show strength in digital, particularly in the high end, and I think we’ll see steady growth in the custom business, and I think we’re seeing all three of those. So that tells us that, at least from the results we’re expecting, that is going according to plan. And as we’ve talked in the past, the key in the field really is trying to address the customer’s needs and when they need things, and so the ability to continue to work with them and to sell when they need it as opposed to trying to sell too much in big chunks in advance I think is getting good play with our customers. So that’s why we’re willing to be patient to get them what they need in particularly those three areas, and then we’re also continuing to work in what I’d say the more Greenfield areas, the kits and the segmentation, because those are still early days, but we are seeing some value there; it’s going to take a little time for those to really show themselves.
Harlan Sur, Morgan Stanley: Okay, it certainly seems like you guys are executing to that plan based on what we’re hearing from customers. Michael, a question for you based again on our channel checks in the quarter, we think you did particularly well with some of your large wireless semiconductor companies. So, my question there is, what trends are you seeing within this sector of the markets and where are these guys leaning heaving on Cadence for support, is it verification, is it digital, is it AMS or is it all of the above?
Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer: That’s a good question, Harlan, and it is kind of all the above, particularly in the digital. You know, customers are doing very, very complex things. We have a strategy of demonstrating our digital technology and having it waterfall down that we debuted in most of the complex configurations as that’s a perfect target. And I think you have a very astute observation, that’s a good example of the whole through or across where digital and verification go kind of hand in glove, and these are the customers that who have microprocessor in big blocks as well as RF blocks, and they’re trying to make intelligent tradeoffs about how they structure those and balance that shift, which is a major system line shift, and those are the kind of customers that really value verification and it’s a pleasure to get to work with them on it.
Harlan Sur, Morgan Stanley: Thanks, and then last question for you, Bill; in terms of the guidance you’re expecting higher earnings on roughly comparable revenues in the third quarter, I’m just wondering where the leverage coming from on the expense side?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think you’re always looking for a little bit of leverage, Harlan. I don’t think it’s in one particular area, and we are all watching where we’re investing. A lot of our growth is outside of the U.S., particularly these days in head count. So, I think we’re just going to continue to get that operational leverage as our customers move to lower cost areas, we’re going to get that kind of leverage, but that’s just the way the business has been playing itself out and that’s the way it has been planned. So, it’s not a particular area, it’s just across the board.
Harlan Sur, Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks guys and again great job on the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Raj Seth with Cowen & Company.
Raj Seth, Cowen & Company, LLC: Hi, thank you. Mike, just to follow up on Harlan’s line of questioning, you’re obviously executing well, you’ve been showing real good year-to-year growth, 12%, helped I guess a little bit in the beginning of the year by Verisity. Do you think you’re gaining meaningful share against your larger competitors, or do you think this reflects an overall market updraft relative to the last couple of years? And if you’re gaining share, where are the principle areas of share gain?
Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer: We’re definitely gaining share. It’s a process element that we do. We’re gaining in digital and historically in common areas around simulation and verification, and I think we’ve even got an opportunity up in the synthesis. We’ve been trying to evidence that as much as we could in terms of testimonials and we lost count on how many designs that we’ve done with RSD sale. Those are elements but I think the biggest indicator for me, Raj, is that it’s an example of the holistic approach we’ve taken and the completeness approach, so that whole idea of moving up the scale and verification, interoptimizing it with some of those pieces is evidenced increasingly through our customers. Some of them are a just a little bit slower than others, because they got more historic incumbency maybe, and that’s a practical problem; as Bill said, we are going to be patient about that. But, between that kind of migration and the new projects that those customers are tackling across the board, they almost always see an opportunity to go and engage on a new project, and I think that amounts to a lot of kind of scale out that we can have as time moves along, and it’s a multipart strategy that felt good to us when we laid it out and has been feeling good to us in the last quarters, and I appreciate you noticed any execution.
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: This is Bill, I’ll just add a little bit. I think we are seeing market expansion in verification. We are putting some technologies that people are using more of, so we are only getting share and that’s’ part of the expansion also at some point up into the systems area, but emulation continues to do well and people are finding new ways to use it. But to just to add a little color there, that market I think is growing probably faster than implementation, which in most cases I think is the share piece.
Raj Seth, Cowen & Company, LLC: If I could follow up a little bit, you’ve mentioned both in early June at our conference and today on this call that you’re seeing design starts slightly up, which is I think the first time in a number of years we’ve seen design starts pick up; sounds like around 90. Is it your sense that there is an actual EDA investment cycle going on, and I guess the question is will it end at some point, or does the run rate of business reflect you think something more like a new steady state for the industry post the impact of the down turn which lasted a couple of years, at least in this sector?
Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer: From my perspective, it would be too early to tell. I think, Raj, and others talked about in the industry, there’s kind of a bifurcation around those customers that are rushing to the more advanced geometries and some of those who are staying more fixed, even up to 130 nanometer particularly around the analog, and certainly we could take it either way. The early evidence as everyone follows the industry leaders; maybe that’s a massive investment cycle. If it continues to stay bifurcated, then you better be able to sell across the whole continuum and that’s why that holistic approach that we have and kind of the whole segmentation of the conscious part of the strategy, because we could waterfall in from the top and take advanced technologies and methodologies and apply them in kind of what would have been a traditionally backward lay, you know, at 130 nanometers for power or die size. I think it should work well for us in any case and certainly if there’s a massive EDA investment cycle, then I think we may be leading it.
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: Raj, this is Bill. I guess the color that I would add is a lot of the design starts continue to be around consumer electronics and wireless. I don’t know if it’s a trend, but clearly there’s a lot of activity there. So, I think that piece of the business looks like it’s going to be driven for a while as everyone tries to connect and build out that infrastructure, and as you know that plays pretty well in our mixed signal capability and our verification capabilities. So that’s in terms of the design starts and what we try to, as we peel the onion back, have at least to our business.
Raj Seth, Cowen & Company, LLC: Thanks Bill, and I’ve got one last one. You bought back near $100 million worth of stock, you’re generating a lot of cash now, what’s your buyback plan, are you going to try and take shares down, are you going to step by the buyback, how should I think about buyback as we move forward?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: I think as you know we had the authorization back in the first quarter, $400 or $500 million, and we have been taking that down really in the first quarter and second quarter, and we think clearly at this price it’s an opportunity to continue, because it’s a pretty good value. So, operationally, we’re going to keep going, generate the cash, and I think you should look to see us at these prices continue our program, because we think it’s an opportunity for us to get some value and use that cash.
Raj Seth, Cowen & Company, LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Fox with Deutsche Bank.
Tim Fox, Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, thank you, good afternoon. Bill, I guess just slicing this a little bit differently on talking about the success around the top line, could you talk a little bit about you run rates and some of the efforts you have made in breaking some of the larger contracts up, are you seeing renewals coming at a meaningfully higher level than you expected, really what’s driving that strength in bookings?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: Tim, I think it starts with the technology and what we’re able to deliver to the customers. And as we’ve mentioned, I think we’re probably in the strongest position that we ever had with all the different pieces of the technology. So, customers now can add some verification that they may need or they haven’t use enough, so we see customers having that capability while we’re starting to evaluate some of our newer offerings in digital, and they would add that next. So, in many cases that I’m aware of, we have seen work particularly with the larger customers move into multiple sales engagements over a year and over a couple of years where we have active campaigns working with them and the patience and the ability to solve their problems when they need it. So, it’s that strategy that field has been working on; I think it is working well with customers; again the technology and the patience seem to be paying off.
Tim Fox, Deutsche Bank Securities: And not trying to get into specifics on a quarterly bookings, but should we still think about your overall bookings rate on an annual basis to relatively closely match revenue growth, is that the right way to think about that?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: I think its’ pretty close. As I’ve mentioned at the beginning of the year, our objective really is to try to improve our run rate with our customers. So, it’s not just to build back log. So, I’d be satisfied even if our back log was flat last year as long as we see those efficiencies of the business coming in the next year or year and a half as opposed to just trying to build bookings in advance of revenue. We’re trying to keep them pretty well balanced.
Tim Fox, Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, and given the strength in top line and just looking at your cost structure, I guess we had modeled cost coming down a little bit and it just had been implied in your midpoint of guidance, which you sort of beat by a penny. I’m just wondering was there anything outside of say commissions that drove the cost structure to be a little bit higher than your implied guidance from last quarter?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: I think you’ll see a little bit of variability, Tim, as we do have some of the financing costs and some receivables. So that can have a tendency to move around a little bit and that drove a few million dollar increases from the first quarter. But other than that, it’s pretty steady as we go in terms of just the operational spending, and we do a lot of tradeoffs, we invest, and we’re always looking to where we really can see some efficiency.
Tim Fox, Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you, one last actually if I could; you’ve been talking some time about segmentation in your kit strategy and hoping at some point you could give us a little bit of extra color or at least some metrics around how those are increasing your business. Are you at the point now where you’re getting a better sense of how those are being taken up in the market and whether a certain percentage of your business is being driven outside of your core strategic customers by the segmentation strategy?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: It’s something we are looking at, Tim. I’d say it’s still more anecdotal than it is in terms of data or trend driven, but I think the anecdotes are that for the segmentation as we would expected we’re seeing somewhere I would say in the mid teens in terms of the GXL range for digital line, which is the one that we have now out for two quarters, and probably a little bit, maybe less than that, on the L side, and the predominant part of the business continues to be XL, which has been the workforce for digital for us. So that seems to be where we’re going. We’ll need some more trend to see how that really plays out for us to through the rest of the product areas and through digital as we get better data. On the kits, again that’s probably a little bit early as well. In terms of the anecdotes, we are trying to track a few customers who are using the kits and really what kind of pull through we’re getting, because that’s where we’ll see the leverage. But based on looking at the geography data, which is this is one of the tools that our geo accounts will have, because it’s towards the mid small accounts for the most of part, we’re seeing continued very good strength in the geos. So, I think this tool, even though it’s early, will get some pickup there and as we get pull through I’ll share with you anecdotally…I’ll try to get some information together for CDN Live in September, but the data will probably be more towards as we look at 2007.
Tim Fox, Deutsche Bank Securities: That’s helpful, congratulations, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Petkun with DA Davidson and Company.
Matt Petkun, DA Davidson: Hi, good afternoon, a couple of questions. First, Bill, just looking at your guidance, you guys have put up through the most recent quarter eight straight quarters with year-over-year revenue growth in the double digits. The midpoint of your guidance for the third quarter would imply 5% year-over-year growth. If we’re trying to use the second derivative to kind of gauge the overall strength of this cycle, if there is a cycle, what should we read into that guidance?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: Matt, I don’t think I would try to read too much into it in terms of the mathematics. I think simply we had a good strong growth last year, and I think we just want to make sure that going into the environment we’re just a bit cautious from everything that we’re seeing out there. I don’t think that we’re expecting the business to slow down. On the other hand I don’t think we want to get ahead of ourselves.
Matt Petkun, DA Davidson: And then the upside that you guys delivered to, your previous guidance for the second quarter, is that maybe some of what’s pulling from your expectations for the third quarter, maybe the few deals renewed ahead of expectations?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I don’t think this is anything that would be moving in. If anything I think we’re just again trying to be conservative as we look at the business; that would be the outlook we took at the beginning of the year. I think particularly now as the market is trying to digest the economy and everything else, it’s just good for us to be steady and if the time is right with customers, maybe we’ll get a little extra business. If it’s not, we’ll be patient and get that extra value when it’s ready.
Matt Petkun, DA Davidson: Great, and then Mike, just a question; you were talking about some of the new business models that maybe emerging in EDA and it’s pretty clear, both from your offerings like PVS and a lot of the backend requirements in the industry as well as people looking at things like statistical timing for 45 nanometers, how do you see the environment for the actual CPU, the hardware that’s going to be running your software changing, and is there perhaps a new business model available for you to capture some of the new kind of system requirements that will be required to actually do all this work?
Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it’s a good insightful question. Our stuff is structured to run across many different processors, i.e., to take advantage of the scale out that happens with some of the server configurations. So, we’ve demonstrated a year ago at DAC scaling with a router across 20 different CPU servers at a time, so basically scale linearly. And that itself is thoughtful on our part, because we’re anticipating that the computing dynamics requirement and opportunity exists to be able to differentiate that way. The illusion that you have around some of the emerging geographies where maybe they want to have access to the stuff without owning is more of a capacity on demand environment. I’m very excited about trying that. We don’t necessarily have to do it ourselves, we could very well do that with a big partner or two that’s in the computing business, but the whole motivation there is to do it so that it makes it easier on our customers. If you consider an emerging environment…an engineer might be getting paid a fraction of what a U.S. engineer does, the problem with a $500,000 worth of tool is hard. But if they can pay kind as we go with the process, absorb the whole cost to start off with that’s a pretty exciting value proposition, and we needed to have some segmenting of our product line to really make that amenable and there’s an order to it, that’s why we segmented like the digital offering and such. So, I think we’re setting ourselves up to do that and is an essential element of our strategy, and we’ll just watch it go over time and see how it evolves.
Matt Petkun, DA Davidson: Okay, thanks Michael, final question; what should we be reading into your presence or lack of it at DAC this year, should we read into that, are you stepping away from the industry as a whole, and if so what’s that new direction you want to be headed in?
Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would hate for you take that. We’re all over the DAC team and I was wondering around the show myself. We are prominent there and I particularly think that that conference has continued to focus itself more as a technology conference than a trade show extraordinaire, and many of our customers think about it. If one of big customers wants to have a conversation with me, he gets it. He doesn’t have to come to DAC to do that, and we are involved with the CDM Live and the technology on those events have been very, very well populated, extremely well responded to by the customers, because we get a focused time with them, and in the time of a day or maybe a day and a half they’d get everything, they see the executive base across the board, technologists and so on. So, I think that DAC continues to be a valuable technology gathering. We’re prominent there and we are going stay prominent there, and we are going to supplement our customer engagements with CDM Live, and we’ll just see how the industry continues to evolve.
Matt Petkun, DA Davidson: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan.
Sterling Auty, JP Morgan: First, just two housekeeping ones; Bill, in the other income can you just give us some components, is it just higher interest rates that’s driving other income?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Sterling, higher interest rates predominantly. We also did get a couple of million dollars from an investment sale that just happened for us, it was a long-term investment that just got changed. So, other than that it’s really interest income driving the majority of the increase over time.
Sterling Auty, JP Morgan: Were you seeing any long-term investments with a couple of million dollars, I’m not clear, was there something that was sold and matured?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: Something that was sold in the long-term investment area for a couple million dollars; that would be the only thing in the quarter that would not be interest income driven.
Sterling Auty, JP Morgan: Okay, as you talked about the operating expenses, operating margin targets, you mentioned G&A and the fluctuation around financing, but can you comment a little bit more specifically on the R&D expenses and control and how you are managing that, and also a little bit on sales and marketing in terms of what the plans might be to build out on the go-to-market strategy?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: In R&D, as Jim indicated last December, there were a number of programs that continue to improve our operational efficiency. Those have been ongoing and we’re been seeing benefits as simple as going through the operating engines. That’s not a simple task but it’s been ongoing for the first half of the year. We’re seeing those results in the second half. Those additional resources are being deployed back into new development, so we’re getting very good leverage from people who don’t have to do things that maybe are not the most efficient. We’re also seeing the continued migration in small pieces of customers through newer geographies, so you’re seeing some of our R&D resources being added in those newer geographies both through development and serve those customers, and that’s where a lot of our head count work has been, in particular Asia, in India. And there are other operational things that we’re continuing to do in R&D. The best where we’re getting leverage…and that’s continual and you’ll see some of that, and that’s why we can do more, and you’re not going to see the R&D expense number grow as fast or stay relatively flat, but we are adding people; we’re just doing it in an efficient way. I think the field is very much the same way. We’re seeing the field migrate for it’s customers, they’re also getting leverage from their programs in areas like sports and being able to leverage some of the benefits in R&D, so we don’t have to hold our customers hands as well as much, because this technology is stronger and we’re going to start to get some leverage from kits and still provide customers what they need when they need them. And in simple areas of services, that business is very well utilized and has being very steady and is developing the customer benefits without having to spend a lot of time in growing that. So, across the board, I think efficiencies we’re always looking at and making tradeoffs and that’s where we’re getting our operating leverage and…is the company.
Sterling Auty, JP Morgan: Okay, Mike, from a big picture model, custom IC digital, I mean they both seem to ebb and flow in terms of being good or not, but verification has been the kind of most stable contributor to the success over the last many quarters. Just from your sense in talking with the customers and looking forward, how much business can the verification rate have for Cadence?
Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, two comments there; one, the ebb and the flow on a quarter basis across digital or custom is exactly the reason why we try to look at it on an annual basis, because they are both rolling nicely, especially the digital stuff, and I don’t think that’s all share gain, but it’s sure going through some share shift, and it’s capability. The verification, you’re right, the reason we commented on adjacency is because all computer designers know how important that that is, of being able to get it right before he implements it, at least because they correct by construction. Impacted architecturally you can make bigger and bigger gains and I think we’re just at the tip of the iceberg of what we can do. Now, that doesn’t mean that everyone who says they have something in verification shares the same passion of success that we do, because they could tend to have point technology in each of them, and if you can’t put those pieces together in a meaningful way at a minimum you’ll commoditize yourself and at a maximum you’ll ride the waver of the guidance and take the holistic view. I think we’ve taken a very thoughtful and structured approach to doing it. We waited out and the integration was risky, it was a very calculated thing. It behaved just like Bill and I told you, and I think there’s any awful lot of opportunity to move up that abstraction, and that will be a powerful contributor for our business, and we just have to wait it out now.
Sterling Auty, JP Morgan: Okay and then last question, last year with Synopsys with IC compliers this year it’s Magma some other new product introduction, can you just comment in terms of how you see the new competitive introductions from the product side relative to the other current products from Cadence?
Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer: I haven’t seen anything that surprised us, but that’s good; I mean a thoughtful person is got a competitive intelligence, and our roadmap process is even more disciplined now than it was two years ago. Our features as we’ve been able to size it up are extraordinarily competitive from where we thought they would be, and our roadmap is rosy across all the different pieces of our business. So, I like our roadmap, it’s supported by excellent customer feedback, and in some of the small niche areas where maybe we could tune it up a little bit, they’re either in flight or we’ve taken the feedback and we’re concentrating on them. So, I think you can only really react to what the competitors do based on what you think is going to happen. That’s why we take such a structured and thoughtful notion about the roadmap, that’s what leadership companies do; we are the leadership company in our industry and I think I like our chances for continuing profits across all product areas.
Sterling Auty, JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rohit Pandey with HSBC Securities.
Rohit Pandey, HSBC Securities: Thank you. Bill, you spoke about the uncertain environment, can you elaborate on that, like what uncertainty are you seeing from your customers outside the macro talk?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: Rohit, I think that’s why we indicated that there is uncertainty that the market is seeing in semiconductors and there are macro uncertainties that we’ve all looked at in terms of what may happen with interest rates and energy costs. But as we then take a closer look at our customers, we have been seeing steady increases in R&D spend, which is to me one of the most important indicators, and that seems steady at the high single digit rate So, we haven’t seen customers change behavior there. And then the other area as we look at design starts and just talking to customers, we haven’t seen them change their behavior in terms of those that need to move fast the new geometries are doing it, those that need to get products out quickly and competitively doing it. So I think what we’re counting is that the market is saying there’s a lot of uncertainty and we’re telling you we’re paying attention to that, and in particular we’re paying attention to our customers, but we haven’t seen anything that’s making us change our outlook, and our customers haven’t told us anything that’s going to change the way we behave and work with them.
Rohit Pandey, HSBC Securities: And going to the guidance actually, the midpoint of the annual guidance is a little below consensus, are you trying to be conservative or is it just uncertainty you’re trying to plan there?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: No, I think we’re trying to be conservative. As we do better, we expect that to flow through and we’re not reducing our second half outlook as we outperform. That’s something that we’re adding. So, I would take it conservative than an environment where the market tells us we should just be paying attention, but operationally things haven’t changed, the fundamentals are good, and we continue to plan to execute to our plans.
Rohit Pandey, HSBC Securities: You had some cash paid for business acquisition this quarter, what was that?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: We’ll always have some small activity that we just don’t talk about, because in some cases it’s payments on earn outs or prior acquisitions and in some cases it’s some innovative technology that is just under the radar, it’s not big enough to talk about probably. In many cases some of the smaller stuff is in the areas around the FM as people would expect. So, I guess that’s where I would say that the investment is happening, and when we have products to bring out that’s when we’ll talk about the technologies associated with those.
Rohit Pandey, HSBC Securities: But what we saw this quarter, was it acquisition or was it an earn out?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: I think we saw a mix across both, some technology that we acquired and some payments were earn out.
Rohit Pandey, HSBC Securities: Okay, and just the last one on the stock option expense, it was lower this quarter primarily, was it the lower stock price or something else?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: No, I think it’s been pretty consistent with what we expected in certain terms of the FAS 123R expense. We had indicated for the year we thought it would be around $100 million, and cumulatively I think we’re sitting right about that level. So, now it’s just pretty much as we had expected and we are managing of course carefully the amount that we give out, and I’ve told people we are trying to manage the 2% net and we’re just doing that very thoughtfully.
Rohit Pandey, HSBC Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stuart Muter with RBC Capital Markets.
Stuart Muter, RBC Capital Markets: Good afternoon, thanks for taking my questions. I guess first a question for Mike in terms of the mix by geography; Japan was strong this quarter, would you expect that to continue in the second half?
Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer: Japan was a target for us. It is a very interesting place in the world because you have a lot of computer companies and not just semiconductor companies, so there are system designers, they relate very nicely to our segmentation and moving up into the verification adjacency. The team there is incredibly strong that we have and it makes for a wonderful combination of building on a base that we had and I think we’re continuing to do. It has not only been strong this quarter, it’s been strong for the last few quarters.
Stuart Muter, RBC Capital Markets: Okay that’s helpful, and then in terms of DFM there’s a lot of talk at DAC on DFM, at what point do you think DFM in terms of a percentage of revenues will kind of break out of that 8% or 9% level?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: That’s a good question. I think it could be a while and the intriguing part for you guys is that you may have companies whose total life projection is around EFM. In our case we’re a lot more integrated across our implementation flow, and I think the DFM stands for design and it’s a big D. So, you want to do it right the first time as opposed to getting all the way to the end of the manufacturing measure and see that you did a lousy job. So, our approach is very interoperable with the implementation flows that we have and that could mask itself a little bit. I think the third ting to watch for in the DFM is I don’t think it will be just a license descriptively. I believe there are going to be opportunities to participate in a risk reward proposition that customers do as they try to constantly increase yield. Certainly they should be able to…if that’s the case, probably requires a big mature entity to work with to have that global sophistication. We’re now trying it and it is a catalyst, almost a predisposition for it. And it will be harder to measure that, because you just won’t see how many products got sold by Thursday, but those are the three things that I would think about and it’s going to be a long maturing category because it is in the category now; a collection of points of life and it’s going to take someone to bring it together methodologically to really have a huge impact on the customer’s productivity and output.
Stuart Muter, RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks that’s helpful.
Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Victor Smith.
Vishal, Analyst: Hi, Bill, this is Vishal. Two quick questions for you; first on the current portion of deferred revenues, can you talk about why there was a high single digit and what generally goes into that category, and how we should expect that to trend going forward? Then on the share count — correct me if I’m wrong — but the share count was still up quarter over quarter, was that primarily because the buybacks were tilted towards the latter part of the quarter and where should we see on a quarter end basis?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: Let me answer the second question first, Vishal. Yes, the timing, essentially what we saw in the quarter was exercises in the early part of the quarter and the stock buyback a little bit more weighted towards the end of the quarter, so that’s why the share count went up, it was just the waiting of what went in went in earlier, what came out came out later. In terms of the deferred revenue, now that is really a mix of different things. There are some customers, as we do more subscriptions, will pay for those in advance, so depending on the individual negotiation with customers we’ll see some increases in deferred revenue where we get payments in advance of revenue, and that’s something that we have been working for sometime. It’s just to encourage cash where it makes sense, and then we will continue to see some customers also in the area of maintenance payback and in some cases before the revenue gets taken. So, just as simple as that where we have payments in advance of taking revenue, and those are hard to predict because it doesn’t always go in a trend, so there could be some variability in deferred revenue. Generally my assumption is it’s pretty steady but slightly up based on just customers making payments with different operating schedules.
Vishal, Analyst: Okay, just a minor clarification on that, on what basis do you decide whether it goes into the current portion or the long-term portion?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: It’s expected to turn to revenue within one year or operating cycle; it goes into short term. If it’s something that’s going to be coming out greater than a year, it goes into long term.
Vishal, Analyst: Okay, so all things being equal, if it does trend up, it does add to your level of visibility coming into the quarter?
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, slightly.
Vishal, Analyst: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you, this concludes Cadence Design Systems second quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-28 04:30:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Jordan, Vice President, Investor Relations   Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer   William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tim Fox, Deutsche Bank Securities   Raj Seth, Cowen & Company, LLC   Harlan Sur, Morgan Stanley   Woojin Ho, Merrill Lynch   Richard Valera, Needham & Company, LLC   Stuart Muter, RBC Capital Markets   Rohit Pandey, HSBC Securities
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Jennifer Jordan, VP, Investor Relations: Thank you operator. And welcome to our earnings conference call for the first quarter of 2006. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website: www.cadence.com, and will be archived for one week. With me today is Mike Fister, President and CEO; and Bill Porter, Executive Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on the factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our 10-K for the period ended October 31st, 2005. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our earnings press release for a discussion of non-GAAP measures and both our earnings press release and our website for reconciliations of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures used in today's discussion. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mike Fister.
Michael Fister, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jennifer. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us to discuss our performance in the first quarter of 2006. We had a terrific quarter. We reported first quarter revenue of $328 million. On a GAAP basis, we earned $0.07 per share for the period. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.21 per share. Functional verification, especially our hardware verification was super strong. We had our enterprise verification -- with our enterprise verification capability, it is a clear differentiator. Custom IC had a great quarter. Demand for mixed signal design, for example, designs with big analog and a little digital content drove increased adoption of our Virtuoso analog platform and, in turn, pulled through sales of our Encounter digital platform. We saw competitive wins in digital and verification this quarter. The segmentation of both those product lines helped contribute to the success. And we saw strength across all geographies with strong movement continuing in Japan. Let me give you some insight into the quarter. Consumer electronics, wireless, networking continued to drive the electronics industry and the semiconductor market. Those products are highly complex and put tremendous demands on our customers' design and verification teams, calling on them to rapidly develop expertise in the analog mixed signal and systems validation. Here we excel with our Incisive Enterprise and hardware verification solutions, customized key leadership, and innovative kit strategy. We saw the strength reflected in our Q1 performance. Functional verification was again robust, anchored by our differentiated enterprise verification software solutions and excellent results on the hardware front. I'm especially pleased with the progress we made with our systems customers in Japan and Europe. Toshiba Semiconductor Company adopted our Incisive Enterprise solution, Palladium, as the advanced verification methodology for their system, LFI. This complements our verification preeminence within the well-known Cell Broadband Engine ecosystem. We also scored emulation and capacity upgrades at major networking and multimedia companies, including ACI. The graphics market is constantly evolving, and customers demand new chips every 12 months. Both the complexity of these chips and their development costs are increasing. At S3 Graphics, our vertical solutions knowledge, combined with the Incisive Palladium strength helped them reduce risk and achieve first silicon, first software success on a recent project. And we had numerous competitive wins with customers choosing the Incisive verification platform based on our capability of our total solution. A major supplier of high-performance networking and security infrastructure chose Incisive's design team over competitive offers for just this reason. IEEE's decision to standardize "e" was a major milestone. And we recently announced that we've extended our Incisive platform with Enterprise Scenario Builder. This technology improves designer productivity by empowering them to play a significant role in advanced verification without having to undergo lanky specialized training. Our Virtuoso custom IC business was extremely robust in Q1, particularly in Japan, where we had great success with system-level customers, including some well-known consumer electronics names. Renesas adopted new Virtuoso optimization technology to shorten design turnaround time and accelerate IP reuse. Zarlink, a medical technology solutions provider, also chose Virtuoso to reduce the time designers spend on routine tasks and increase the time they had for validation on low-power design. Consumer wireless and networking systems require analog content on their chips and increasingly require digital content on the same chip. This is causing two things to happen. First, we've seen an increase in the uptake of our Virtuoso platform within our existing custom IC bay. The second, we've seen a number of these customers adopt our digital Encounter solution. It's becoming easier for them to choose us for their digital design business because our segmented product line allows them to purchase exactly what they need to get the job done. For example, IKONOS, a longtime user of our Virtuoso analog platform, we use Encounter XL as the backbone of its new digital implementation flow, with Encounter L for block generation. In China, we worked with SMIC to jointly develop an analog mixed signal reference flow using our Virtuoso platform and our DFM technology. And OmniVision adopted our low-power flow and added additional licenses for Virtuoso, Incisive, and Encounter to accommodate growth in their U.S. and Shanghai locations. Texas Instruments recently endorsed RTL Compiler in a release of its Pyramid ASIC design kit version 5.0. TI's support of RTL Compiler gives their customers more flexibility, better turnaround time, and helps them achieve a higher-quality of silicon. After using Encounter digital platform on several design tape outs in Europe, the United States, and India, STMicroelectronics will support RTL Compiler for its ASIC customers at 90 and 65-nanometers. RTL Compiler showed ST significant benefits in reducing chip area, a key differentiator in the competitive domain of consumer electronics design. And you may have seen earlier this quarter that Hitachi, using RTL Compiler, improved its time to quality on 130-nanometer design by reducing synthesis turnaround time by up to 70%. They also found that RTL Compiler had the added benefit of reducing chip area by an average of 25%. And it's not news that power is a major product issue for customers moving to large-scale silicon integration at 90-nanometers and especially looking forward to 65 and 45-nanometers, but there is amounting evidence that just scaling the smaller silicon geometries will not have the same power benefits as it has in the past. So, a different approach is needed. The EDA industry is responding in what I would call a relatively narrow way, adding low-power features to the traditional digital implementation flow. Other than the good first step, there's only so much you can do in layout. What's needed is a broader and more holistic approach that starts earlier and goes beyond the boundaries of what the EDA companies have traditionally considered implementation. To address this challenge, our next-generation digital initiative: Torino, includes a collaboration which we will now call Power Forward. We're showing elements of Torino and Power Forward at CDN Live in September. Today's market drivers are causing pull across all our technology platforms and strategic initiatives from verification to kit. For example, although it's still early days for kit, the AMS Kit is getting good response with sales regionally spanning in U.S., Europe, EMEA, and Japan. Saifun, a leading provider of non-volatile memory headquartered in Israel, beat its design time list by using the AMS Kit to develop an optimized design methodology for both reuse and migration of critical AMS block. With this type of feedback, we are encouraged that our kit strategy is on track. We're making good progress on the RF SiP and ARM Verification Kit development, and we're on target for delivery of the PCI Express Kit as well as the Wireless Kit later this year. We continue to see customers consolidating into our Allegro System package-board platform. This quarter, a leading supplier of technology for oil and gas industry consolidated PCB design to Cadence for a superior technology and global reach. And this morning, we announced that we completed the segmentation of the Allegro platform into Allegro L, XL, and GXL -- with levels of technology that match design complexity. Allegro L for the mainstream PCB challenges; while XL for more complex, high-end challenges and distributed team-based design; and GXL for leading-edge challenge, like advanced package co-design. Interest in our System-in-Package or SiP development is also growing. We added partners in both Europe and Japan, and SiP as you may know, a cost-effective alternative producing a new SoC. It can shorten time to market, reducing product footprint and rapidly integrate disparate technology. However, those who have done SiPs know that it has also demanded extensive internal CAD and design resources. It's really exciting to see strong partners showing us to bring a commercial SiP solution to market. STMicroelectronics signed an R&D collaboration to jointly develop and deploy a System-in-Package designed platform for both RF and digital applications. Our approach in design for manufacturability has been to work closely with partners, especially since DFM is a truly multi-variable challenge. This quarter we worked with IBM and Chartered to enable a low power, yield-aware 90 nanometer reference flow for their common-process platform. We're also developing reference flows with them for 65 nanometers and beyond. The IBM, Chartered, Samsung common platform announced our chemical-mechanical polishing, sometimes known as CMP modeling technology, for 65 nanometers in a recent announcement. And we've broadened our collaboration with PDF Solutions. Currently, we encounter GXL leverages PDF's cell yield model to improve product yields for mutual customers. Moving forward, we will partner to deliver industry-leading capability spanning design for test, digital, and custom design. With the launch of our Virtuoso RET Suite and Chip Optimizer, which we've already had successful tapeout, and the excellent response we've had to our PVS, Physical Verification Solution, I'm feeling pretty confident that Cadence is addressing the top contributors to manufacturing costs and variability. So, once again, our success demonstrates that the breadth and depth of our technology continues to resonate with customers. We're making good progress on our strategic initiatives. We have strong competitive momentum, and a team that is dedicated to operational execution. And I'm going to let Bill tell you some more details.
William Porter, EVP and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Mike. I'm pleased to report that our first quarter of 2006 was highlighted by consistent execution and strong financial results. Total revenue was up 12% year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margin improved 2 percentage points, to 20%, compared to Q1 of 2005. And we had another good cash flow quarter, where we reported operating cash flow of $41 million. Our results demonstrate continued momentum. Strength in our verification business was driven by customers increasing their verification efforts on complex chips in part driven by the need to meet shorter design cycles that are common in consumer electronics. Our custom IC business benefited from the need for more mixed-signal design capability in areas such as wireless communications and networking. GAAP earnings per share for Q1 were $0.07, compared to breakeven in the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.21 for the quarter, compared to $0.15 in Q1 of 2005, a 40% increase. Total revenue for the first quarter was $328 million, compared to $293 million in Q1 of 2005, up 12%. Product revenue was $208 million. Maintenance revenue was $88 million. And services revenue was $32 million. Revenue mix by geography in Q1 was 51% for North America, 21% for Japan, 19% for Europe, and 9% for Asia. Our Japanese business was strong in 2005, and that strength continued into the first quarter of 2006, both with semiconductor companies and system companies, where we are increasing our penetration. In Japan, where the economy continues to improve, we're winning with both our technology and strong execution from our team. In the quarter approximately 74% of our product business was represented by licenses, for which revenue will be recognized overtime. Approximately, two-thirds of our product revenue was generated from backlog. Contract life, calculated on a dollar-weighted-average basis, remained at approximately three years. Q1 total costs and expenses, on a non-GAAP basis, were $262 million, up from $257 million in Q4. The increase was due to higher costs of product from increased hardware sales. Our non-GAAP operating margin in Q1 was 20%, up from 18% in Q1 of 2005. We continue to look for a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 28% for 2006. Headcount at the end of Q1 was approximately 5,000. The quality of receivables remained high in Q1, with our receivables 90 days past due at 1%, within our historical range of 1% to 3%. Total DSOs were 97 days, compared to 92 days in Q4. We expect DSOs to settle into the mid to high 80s by the end of 2006. We started 2006 with a good cash flow quarter. The Q1 operating cash flow was $41 million, compared to $67 million in the first quarter of 2005. Q1 operating cash flow was reduced by the $25 million tax payment for our repatriation, as well as a $6 million reclassification required by FAS 123(R). For 2006, we expect to generate operating cash flow of at least $425 million. Capital expenditures were $15 million, keeping us on track to spend approximately $75 million for the year. Cadence repurchased 4 million shares of its common stock in Q1 at a cost of $69 million. Cash and cash equivalents grew to $873 million at the end of Q1, from $861 million in Q4. FAS 123(R) expense was $29 million for Q1. For 2006, we continue to estimate FAS 123(R) expense of approximately $100 million. Our non-GAAP measures exclude FAS 123(R) expense. Now I'll turn to our outlook for Q2 in the year 2006. For Q2, we expect revenue to be in the range of $340 million to $350 million. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.09 to $0.11, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.21 to $0.23. For the year 2006, we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.41 to $1.46 billion. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.47 to $0.55, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.97 to $1.05. With respect to the seasonal pattern for the remainder of the year, we expect to generate 24% to 25% of annual revenue in Q3, and 28% to 30% in Q4. Other income and expense for 2006 should be at the high end of the $38 million to $42 million range. I believe we're off to a good start in 2006 against the objectives I summarized for you at our Analyst Day, which will demonstrate growth, execute consistently, and achieve our operating targets. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator Instructions:
Q - Tim Fox: Hi, good afternoon. Congratulations on a strong quarter. First question, I know it can be seasonal, but the digital IC percentage of revenues seemed to drop off from the end of last year and from the percentage for the whole year. Was there anything in particular there driving that weakness in digital IC?
A - William Porter: Tim, this is Bill. It's not uncommon to see some fluctuation in results by product groups, particularly on a quarterly basis. And so what we usually do is, we look at a four-quarter rolling average just for trends. So, we don't see anything in the trend or as we look at the business that indicates that we're not going to continue to experience strong digital growth.
Q - Tim Fox: Okay. And you mentioned that Japan was strong exiting '05, and then in the first quarter, it seems like it was continuing that strength. Could you talk a little bit about the share, if you are gaining any in particular? Obviously, one of your larger competitors has some big deals up for grabs this year. And if you could just comment on how you're progressing and possibly taking some of that share back that you lost, that 130-nanometer node?
A - Michael Fister: Well, I think the trend that we've seen in Japan, led by the technology, first off, that's across the board. We're seeing functional verification continuing to do very well in Japan. And as we mentioned, both with semiconductor and systems companies. So I think that's continuing to lead our strength. And I think we should be able to continue that throughout 2006. Our digital platform continues to do well there, so I think you will see us continue the momentum you've seen last year, as we pick up business in Japan. And we're still going to be doing well with our custom business because the drivers that we referred to in the script are going to be the same things that particularly around wireless and consumer, that are driving our customers in Japan. So, all in all, we think we have opportunity there, and we're looking forward to a good year based on the strength of the technology and the strength of the team.
Q - Tim Fox: Okay great. And lastly, R&D looks like it picked up pretty significantly in the quarter. Could you just address that increase and whether you continue to see that across the rest of this year?
A - Michael Fister: Yeah, I don't think there's anything that's really driving an increase. There's going to be again, some fluctuations. Usually, we see a little bit of pickup in payroll-related expenses, for payroll taxes, and so that's kind of the pickup that we see. That will kind of fade off a little bit throughout the year. So, nothing really that's going to drive our R&D up. We're continuing to manage investments carefully. We are investing, but, on the other hand, we're watching our costs as well. So I think the total costs and expenses should remain pretty flat throughout the year, if not trend down slightly.
Q - Tim Fox: Thanks. That's helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Raj Seth of Cowen & Company.
Q - Raj Seth: Hi, thanks very much. Mike or Bill, I'm curious if you think your growth, the growth you're experiencing now in bookings, do you feel like that's materially ahead of the market? Clearly, there are some areas where you're, you’ve suggested you're gaining share. And if it is, how much do you think you're outgrowing the market at this point?
A - Michael Fister: Raj, this is Mike. I'm not sure that I can quote you a number, but definitely in the adjacency, in particular in verification, that's faster than market as far as I'm concerned. We're plowing new ground there. And we're not only doing it with technology, we just want our technology to go with customers. It's very rewarding to see that because that's what we anticipated. And I think, in the drag effects, with the digital and custom analog business, that's really going to pay off some dividends as we continue to do that, because what we'll actually be doing is showing customers how they can prove the goodness of a design approach before they have to implement it. That's the big idea, and it will be fun to see that translate into the other adjacency in manufacturability, as we really see PVS and some of those technologies pick up some momentum.
Q - Raj Seth: What is, Mike, your current view of, if it's hard to pin down how much you're outgrowing the market, what's your general view on market growth? And, most importantly, do you see the space, the EDA space, picking up in the last couple of quarters as a market? Or remaining about as it has been?
A - Michael Fister: Well, I think we see it picking up a little bit. I spent a lot of time out there with customers. Kevin is obviously spending all of his time out doing that. And there's a lot of optimism in some of the customer bases in the hot in the hot segments in consumer and wireless, and people are forecasting good results. If you just look at some of the customer results I mean, there have been some excellent releases by some of the customers. And I think that kind of bodes confidence. And I think the third point I would say is we're totally focused on showing our value by helping our customers be successful. I know that sounds look a cliche to some, but it's gospel to us. And I think that we're benefiting by showing that success to customers. It increases our business with them, and it bodes well to increase our business in the future.
Q - Raj Seth: Okay. Let me try one more time. If you had to think about growth in this space over the next couple years, is this a, still a high-single-digit growth space? Do you think it can grow over double digits? Anyway to kind of pin it down at all on what you think the market grows here?
A - Michael Fister: Well, Bill and I, we tried to lay it out in the Analyst Day. We said that the base industry is growing at high-single digits, and we have our gun sights set on being into the low-double digits. We can do that by the adjacent growth. And I think the verification progress bodes nicely for us. We thought we'd get some out of the manufacturability stuff, we're still trying to understand that ourselves. And we thought that the segmentation in kit could add another couple of points on that base too. And we haven't changed our mind on that. I think that, if anything, I'm encouraged by every sign that we see, both with customers and technology and momentum. So, I hope that's a little bit more pinned down for you.
Q - Raj Seth: Yeah. Thank you. That's helpful.
A - Michael Fister: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harlan Sur of Morgan Stanley.
Q - Harlan Sur: Hi, good afternoon, and, again, congratulations on another well-executed quarter. Question for you, Mike, we're hearing that 65 nanometer process technology is at both the IDMs and the foundries are ramping up much quicker and with better defect densities versus prior generations. So, I guess, are you seeing any indications that there will be a faster migration from 90 to 65? Or, even some companies moving from 130 straight to 65? And, if so, what are the implications for Cadence if this were to happen?
A - Michael Fister: Well, we're certainly engaged with a lot of companies at 65, and I think that on the digital side, in particular, you may even see, Harlan, people who are kind of cutting back on the performance goals of 65, just to make sure that it ramps well. And we're going to help them with every aspect of that. I haven't seen anybody skip from like say 90 to go to 65 except in the cases where they maybe had a lot of analog content. And there, where the structures are so difficult to migrate, they may choose to do it every other process generation so that, there's a lot of strength at 130 for mixed signal designs.
Q - Harlan Sur: Yeah.
A - Michael Fister: I think the next big design focus is going to be more at 65. The other thing I would add on is that there's an awful lot of activity in what are sometimes called the half nodes, 80 nanometers and those are relatively simple migrations from 90. Some of the big fabulous guys are pursuing that technology. And so, I think there's activity kind of all over the place, and the good news for us is that we're engaged across the board.
Q - Harlan Sur: Good to hear. You also mentioned the strength in Japan from both semi and systems companies. If we take a look at things at a global level, what are some of the trends that you're seeing at the systems companies? Is demand skewed more towards Incisive because they're more systems and software focused? Or are these systems levels companies really starting to build-out or build-up their chip design capabilities?
A - Michael Fister: Good question, Harlan. That's one of the reasons that we're so bent for election on the verification. It's a way to engage the mind of those system designers who aren't worried about every nuance of semiconductor design. I'm not trying to denigrate anybody's who's spent their life doing that. Heck, I spent a lot of my life doing it, but the whole purpose is to try to kind of abstract up above that noise, and the verification and simulation are the first places where they do it. And I think that's, we're just on the precipice of that. We're just kind of scratching the tip of the iceberg. And in the end, with the kit, the idea we have is to make some of that mundane a lot more easy to absorb for a system designer, and we're just starting to scratch the surface of that now. The analog mixed signal kit, as you could hear from my comments had a couple of nice wins, and I've gone and visited a bunch of those companies, and it works just like we thought. They use it, abstract up above the noise, don't re-invent the wheel, concentrate on innovation. I think it bodes well for systems-oriented companies to do the same.
Q - Harlan Sur: Okay. Great. And then final question. Is Cadence still on track for the release of Virtuoso 6.1 here in Q2?
A - Michael Fister: We have got the whole team going and blowing on that. Yeah, we're going to get out there. We continue the customer early access programs and got nothing but really good, positive signs. And we're going to continue unless something happens. The early adopter release will be this quarter.
Q - Harlan Sur: Okay. Great. Thank you and nice job on the quarter, again.
A - Michael Fister: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Merrill Lynch.
Q - Woojin Ho: Hi, good afternoon. This is Woojin Ho (phonetic) for Jay Vleeschhouwer. Mike or Bill, is Cadence getting paid incrementally for the new technologies? And if so, how can we really know that it is the case?
A - William Porter: Woojin, one of the things that I think I've mentioned is that part of our process is to sell incrementally to our customers. And we've talked about in the past, moving away from trying to do these larger, cyclical type arrangements. And because we're really focusing on selling incrementally, it's really when they need it, we make sure that the fit is right and then, of course, we get value for it. So I think that is what we're seeing. And then as we look at strength across our geographies at what we call the geolevel, we're seeing very good mix of business at that level throughout all our geographies, that some of the technology is picking up with, not only our big customers, but a lot of our small customers, and it's picking up just on a more frequent basis.
Q - Woojin Ho: Okay, great.
A - William Porter: So you'll see that in the numbers as verification, for example, we're doing well both on the software and the hardware side. We're continuing to see mixed signal, for some of the innovations that Jim and the team are doing there, taking hold with the customers, particularly as we're getting feedback on the early release program, as Mike talked about for Virtuoso. So those are adding value, that's why we're seeing the technologies picking up as we do.
Q - Woojin Ho: Okay, great. In terms of the average contract duration, Bill, you mentioned that the duration was approximately standard around three years. Can you comment on the interest in or the propensity for longer deals, for example, four to five years?
A - William Porter: Really aren't seeing much interest in that Woojin. It's just that customers are very confident with our roadmaps, and so they're willing to work with us, technology and platform at a time. So we're not seeing the need to have to do big, long contracts.
Q - Woojin Ho: Okay. And lastly, you've made some comments around the Japanese market. Can you comment about the North American share? It's been trending in the mid to, mid 40s to the low 50s for quite some time now. Have we peaked in terms of the U.S. share in terms of total revenue?
A - William Porter: I don't know if we've peaked, but I think one of the macro-trends that we've seen our customers follow is, they are continuing to do more of their designs internationally. And I think that's a trend we've seen not only in North America but in Europe. Just take a trip to Bangalore to see that. And so I think that's what you're seeing kind of reflected in a lot of the numbers overtime. There's a lot of multinationals that they are spreading out their designs internationally. And I think that's just the trend that we've seen. And we're adopting with our teams to make sure we can support those customers, both from an R&D and from a support perspective, and it just shows up in the topline numbers.
A - Michael Fister: I think a very interesting, or maybe more interesting thing to look at is the spread of business to wider geographic customers. We refocused a lot of the company's sales efforts on growing the base because we thought that was an attractive thing to do, and it was going to play nicely in the adjacencies, and we continue to succeed in doing that. And those are kind -- those are the next-generation of NVIDIAs or somebody like that, whoever you associate as successful. And we've got to be looking for those in the United States and around the world, wherever they're going to be. There's definitely some more of those coming in the United States, very exciting companies, as there are in some of the other parts of the world.
Q - Woojin Ho: Great. Thank you, gentlemen. That's all I have.
Operator: Your next question is from Rich Valera of Needham & Company.
Q - Richard Valera: Thank you, good afternoon gentlemen. Mike, the emulation market had a lot of years where it really didn't live up to its promise. And last year, it seems like you had some real nice success there and that momentum's carrying into this year. Do you think there's maybe an inflection point being reached in that market? Or is it just that you guys have just sort of nailed the products there and have the right breadth and mix of products and that's what driving your success?
A - Michael Fister: Rich, a good question. I for sure our product mix and technology is at a good peak. And the team spends years trying to get those things right and does that in collaboration with customers. And I think it's even more than that. I think it's that when we link that with the simulation and the so-called VPA, that process architecture, we show customers how they can use those kind of technologies in innovative ways. Show them how they can not only create the logical correctness, something a logic designer might do, like in my old days, but also how software developers use exactly the same platform to run the software, whether it be a driver or full applications while the chip is being developed. So they parallelize the effort, at the time-to-market reduction. And I think we just scratched the surface of being able to do that. We're just going to keep marching up that abstraction curve and making it easy for people to do that more and more. And it's a good growth opportunity for us for sure. I don't know about the industry, because that linkage of all those capabilities is something that I think we do extraordinarily well. But I think that's why you see that, and it is an inflection point.
Q - Richard Valera: Separate topic. On your PVS, I think you mentioned in the comments that that was going well. Any more specific update on PVS in terms of numbers of customers that have been engaged or sort of when we might expect to see some sort of meaningful revenue from that product?
A - Michael Fister: Yeah, I don't have anything specific here. I personally have gone and visited a bunch of them between Jim and I. I'm going to do it again here in another two, three weeks. There's a very targeted list that we have, and the results I know this is going to sound like a throwaway, have been very, very encouraging. I expect that the next two quarters we're going to start to see testimoniable stuff to show you by customer name. And you won't be surprised where some of those customers are coming from. The technology has lived up to every element of its performance. It's fun to see, and I think it makes for a kind of fantastic platform to build on top of. So, we're thoughtful about the development and outlet of it, and we're going to prove, let it prove it by its actions as opposed to trying to hype it, its just that was something we were perceived to be behind on. And so far so good as far as I'm concerned.
Q - Richard Valera: Fair enough. And one final one. Bill, any 10% revenue or bookings customers?
A - William Porter: No 10% revenue customers, Rich. And as you probably recall, I just don't comment on bookings customers.
Q - Richard Valera: Okay, that's all for me. Thanks, guys.
A - William Porter: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stuart Muter of RBC Capital Markets.
Q - Stuart Muter: Yes, thanks for taking my question. A question for Mike. The functional verification revenues as a percentage have grown nicely over the last few quarters. Do you think that trend will continue? And where do you think that would be roughly by year-end as a percentage?
A - William Porter: Stuart, this is Bill. I guess, I will try to predict an actual percentage by year-end, but I think the double-digit growth that we outlined at Analyst Day, as you can tell from the success we had putting these products together and how that is working in the market is doing very well, if not as good, maybe a little better than we were hoping and expecting. So I think you'll see that trend continue. A lot of it as a percentage of business systems depend on the strength of the other technologies, which I think also are going to do pretty well. So all in all, I think you'll see it grow, I think solidly, probably the leading technology this year I would suspect. But I think all can do pretty well.
A - Michael Fister: Yeah, I'd add in. I think it's a little bit confusing, if you just look at that as an absolute compared to everything else because the most beautiful thing of this is not only that it's an adjacent and a new category, that's a growth segment for EDA in total, or us in particular, but that it drags across those other technologies. So, as we can go and be powerful or let's say productive in terms of time or engineering efficiency for our customers, it allows them to go and use more digital or build fancier devices and it drags the technologies. And so I don't know how the percentages really grow that they grow out of whack. I would absolutely concur with Bill. Do you see what I'm saying?
Q - Stuart Muter: Yeah, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q - Rohit Pandey: Thank you, a few questions for Bill. For the first quarter, you reported about $8 million above the midpoint of your guidance, and yet you're guiding the whole year up by only about $10 million. And, similarly, on the EPS, you already reported about $0.01 above the midpoint of the guidance, yet the whole-year numbers go up just by $0.01. So, why is that?
A - William Porter: Well, Rohit, I think, at least the way I looked at the numbers, in Q1, we probably did 6 million or so higher than consensus. If you look at our midpoint for Q2 we're probably up another 4 million or 5 million.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Right.
A - William Porter: So when you add that to the midpoint of where we were before, I think that's where you come out with the midpoint for the year. So I think we saw good strength in Q1. That gets added into the year. We see a little bit better in Q2, that gets added in. And so, I think that's how the topline works. And in terms of leverage, one of the strengths that you saw for us in Q1 was hardware. And therefore, the cost and expenses were up commensurate with cost of sales, so we didn't see the exact same leverage in the business, but we did see good leverage, which is why we saw a little bit of the earnings moving up, because we overachieved in Q1, and I think that penny also gets added to the total year. So, I think we'd rather show how we do better and then that will reflect in the over achievement as opposed to maybe taking a different trajectory right now. We like to kind of prove what we're seeing as we go.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Yes, but does it mean that you should have, just based on the midpoint of your numbers, that you just have 2 million more upside for the remaining three quarters of the year? I mean, I'm trying to reconcile the first half the first quarter numbers, second half guidance with the full-year numbers.
A - William Porter: Yes, I think it's just simple as simple as we did better in Q1, a little better in Q2, and that's just reflective of the year. And, again, you're seeing us being conservative. We like to just say we're going to do something and then do a little better.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Right. Okay. And, again, on the guidance is all the backlog which amortizes in the next three quarters, is it already included in the annual guidance, or do you have room there?
A - William Porter: Again, I think we continue to expect the consistent view as we look at our backlog when we entered the year, about two-thirds will come into our revenue from backlog and a third every quarter is what we have to generate and turn in a quarter, and as I look for the year, I think that's going to be consistent for us.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Right, but as you look at your books today, is everything which is materializing in the next quarter, is it already included in the guidance? So, the upside would come from the new bookings, is that the way I'm understanding it?
A - William Porter: Yes, I can't get to be that precise, Rohit. It's generally we have a good view as we enter a quarter, and that view is about two-thirds of the business. And so the rest of the business is what we turn, some of that turns into revenue, some of it turns into backlog. It just depends on the mix.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Okay. Then I have a few more. What's the change in the accounting principle if you could remind me that?
A - William Porter: Sure. You'll see the, for FAS 123R, which is what most companies will be adopting in Q1. There is a cumulative adjustment for all companies that adopt that. And what essentially it means is that you start to take into account forfeitures for options or stock that you did it in the past, so you'll see, usually, a one cumulative line item in many P&Ls to take into consideration of forfeitures that you could in the past. It's a very small number for us in our GAAP number. But that's what it's about.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Okay. And there is a stock expense in the cost of goods sold line. So, is that related to the hardware sales? Or what kind of employee profile is getting those options?
A - William Porter: Well, I think as you look at how our FAS 123R cost is spread, it's spread throughout our product areas, so there are people who work in that area. And so that will also be included in the cost of product.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Got it. So it's the manufacturing guys who are perhaps working on the hardware or people supporting the telephone support for the customers?
A - William Porter: Absolutely. We have people who worked in developing the hardware as well as supporting the customers, that go all up in the cost of sales.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Got it. So it's there. Okay. And on the stock expense, the total you said would be 100 million for the year, 30 million in the first quarter. So it should go down as the year progresses?
A - William Porter: I think that's correct. I think we're all learning about it. It's what that I would have described it as a very over engineered accounting standard.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Right.
A - William Porter: But I think it has tendency to front-end expense what you see in a year, and it should trend slightly down.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Okay. And what's your assumption for the stock price embedded in that $100 million expense?
A - William Porter: I think as you look throughout the year, I mean, you guys are probably the ones who best pick what stock prices will be but we've assumed that there probably is going to be a reasonable pickup in our stock price and that's embedded in what our option expense is.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Okay. That's embedded. Okay. But would we see get to see that number in the 10-Q, is that reported?
A - William Porter: No, I don't think you see those kinds of assumptions.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Okay.
A - William Porter: The assumptions you will see is volatility, the risk rate, those types of things.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Okay.
A - William Porter: You won't see our estimate on stock price.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Okay, got it. That's all I have. Thank you.
A - William Porter: You're welcome.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the final question. This concludes the Cadence Design Systems First Quarter 2006 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-02-09 12:45:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Jordan, Corporate VP, IR   Mike Fister, President, CEO   Bill Porter, SVP, CFO
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer, Merrill Lynch   Harlan Sur, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter   Raj Seth, SG Cowen Securities   Tim Fox, Deutsche Bank   Vishal Saluja, Seligman   Rich Valera, Needham & Company   Sterling Auty, JPMorgan   Eric Grenadie, Banc of America Securities   Stewart Muter, RBC Capital   Matt Petkun, DA Davidson   Rohit Pandey, HSBC Securities
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ramona, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cadence Design Systems Fourth Quarter 2005 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be question and answer period. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press “*” followed by the number “1” on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question press the “#” key. I would now like to turn the call over to Jennifer Jordan, Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Jordan, Corporate VP, IR: Thank you, Operator, and welcome to our earnings conference call for the fourth quarter of 2005. The webcast of this call can be accessed through our website, www.cadence.com and will be archived for one week. With me today is Mike Fister, President and CEO, and Bill Porter, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements and that our actual results may differ materially from those expectations. For information on factors that could cause a difference in our results, please refer to our 10-K for the period ended January 1st, 2005 and our 10-Q for the period ended October 1st, 2005. In addition to financial results prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP, we also present certain non-GAAP financial measures today. Cadence management believes that in addition to using GAAP results in evaluating our business, it can also be useful to measure results using certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our earnings press release for a discussion of non-GAAP measures and to both our earnings press release and our website for reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures used in today's discussion. Now, I will turn the call over to Mike Fister.
Mike Fister, President, CEO: Thank you, Jennifer. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us as we discuss our performance in the fourth quarter of 2005. We had a terrific fourth quarter. We reported fourth quarter revenue of $378 million. On a GAAP basis we earned $0.08 per share for the period. Non-GAAP EPS is $0.29 per share. Operating cash flow for the year totaled $426 million. Verification was stellar. Customers are adopting our enterprising methodology, including hardware emulation. In fact, hardware emulation had its strongest quarter ever. Digital continued to build on its great momentum. In December we lost the third tier of our segmented digital solutions from counter GXL targeted at the most advanced design. Also added solid, sold all, first kits during the quarter and as we anticipated, the response to kits has been very encouraging. On Monday we introduced the first solution from our katina incubation, the Cadence Chip Optimizer, adding to our growing offerings as a design for the manufacturability, along with VCS and RET. Now let me give you a few highlights from the quarter. During the quarter we had both global customers and broader based customers choose Cadence as their enterprise partner. They are making this choice because our strategy and solutions better align with their demands for technology, efficiency and productivity. This was added in Freescale's decision to build an enterprise level partnership with us. Freescale was looking for the customer that had the breadth and depth of technology to help them create a standard design and mirrorfication methodology. This allows them to reduce internal support costs, simplify the rollout of new technology companywide, and deliver the most innovative and compelling products to their system level customers. Their customers now require that Freescale not only provide chips for end-use systems but also related embedded software and interface technology that goes with them. Building on a strong foundation with Virtuoso, Freescale added the full encounter platform and our prices, enterprise verification to constitute complete design environment. Their decision will result in major proliferation of our technology, beginning with enterprise verification. We have begun to build a bridge to the adjacent systems and software market with our enterprise approach to verification. In the fourth quarter global accounts that have adopted our enterprise verification methodologies were rapidly proliferating our solutions. For example, ARM committed to Cadence's incisive enterprise solutions, selecting both of the enterprise specon simulator and Palladium II. The combination speeds ARMs times to verification closure and enabled ARM to meet their aggressive customer commitments with confidence that their IP will function as intended with the customers software and in the end system. Texas Instruments extended an agreement, giving them multi year access to our leading technology of both hardware and software design verifications, including our latest Palladium platform. ST Microelectrics deepened its Cadence relationship with a worldwide deployment of hardware emulation and acceleration solutions, choosing both the Palladium and Xtreme server platforms. Several of these customers served to tell us communication system design chain. They've begin to see value in having a consistent verification methodology throughout, that design chain, in order to minimize risk for their systems and customers. The advanced level verification methodologies proliferating our global accounts are increasingly adopted in our broader based accounts as well, and now that these customers are tapped into a more complex design. And the fourth quarter, these accounts stepped up their usage of our enterprise and design team solutions. They added process automation capabilities, which pulled additional simulation sales and drove competitive simulation displacement. We continue to have excellent momentum in digital where the strength of our technology differentiates us from the competition, particularly at the most advanced process nodes and on the most advanced design. During 2005, in order to better align our technology with our customers' needs we segmented our digital product line around design complexities into the entry level L and mid tier and counter XL. In December, as promised we introduced Encounter GXL, for our most advanced solution for designs of over 100 million gates incorporated power and yield aware technologies. We already see solid results from product segmentation. For example in the fourth quarter, Fujitsu announced that it has adopted our most advanced solutions using our complete Encounter GXL platform for 65-nanometer internal reference design flow. Fujitsu made this decision because on account of GXL's ability to handle new design challenges such as yields, process variation and linkage power. Product segmentation also allows to us compete successfully at the entry level as well. This was demonstrated in Q4 when Encounter L was a perfect fit, in terms of price and performance for customer's 0.25 and 0.13 micron mixed signal design and displaced a competitor. Encounter has received best in test award from Test and Measurement World magazine, and we announced collaborations with Spark, an atv provider as one and validated flows for test and yield diagnostics. The market is also recognizing the value in our kits approach targeted to key verticals. We were awarded the Editor's Choice Award For Portable Design for our AMS methodology kit at the consumer electronics show. Our substantial customer relationships with leading consumer electronic companies led to a strong initial presence at CES. There are four early observations on kit adoption. Customers choose kits when they are planning to enter a new market or they are new to a type of design, like maybe RF or they want to improve their existing methodology and drive consistency and efficiency across the company. This is especially true in analog mixed signals, and or they are accelerating the rollout of new technology, such as the ARM core to their design environment. We released the RF methodology kit in mid-December and have several more kits in the pipeline. I will be anxious to tell you more about kits' progress on analyst day. Our leadership in customized and silicon package board as a differentiator for customers who seek an enterprise level partner. During the fourth quarter we saw several customers choose Cadence on the basis of the way our custom and digital platforms perform together. Inter symbol communication, this is a supplier of ICs for optical networks and a veteran of analog design, deployed RT Compiler XL and Encounter L within its Virtuoso mixed signal flow to achieve higher design productivity and better quality silicon. In customized-c we will introduce Virtuoso 6.1, which will include advanced routing technology and take advantage of our latest features in open access in mid-'06. Our leadership with open access continues to be a substantial point of differentiation. And in Q4 it drove an important customized q-win, in a major North American semi-conductor to our company, that has been a long time customer of a competitor. Amcore is a contract manager for leading edge package solutions chose Cadence for Allegro package design tools for our ability to work with them on a new system and package technology. They can use this to enhance their package zone as well and reduce their cycle times and costs. We will introduce our new system and package solution and related stiff methodology kit in the middle of the year. More than a dozen major companies are now evaluating the Cadence physical verification system we announced at CDM live in September. Several are already committed for production deployment; obviously we are competing well across some of the traditional benchmark. We have also made investments in radical enhancement technology which is unique, because we are driving the litho modeling up into the Virtuoso design flow. And this week we announced the first release from our katin, excuse me katina incubation, called the Cadence Chip Optimizer. Its capabilities use after-place and routes, but before case out to improve the yield, manufacturing and performance of complex ICs. The solution is already had production success with API displaying it on more than 10 IP designs including the graphics processor inside Microsoft Xbox 350. IBM said, and I quote, " Cadence Chip Optimizers perform flawlessly on our 65 nanometer microprocessor design methodology. The truly collaborative partnership we have with Cadence Chip Optimizer team for the last three and a half years has been an ideal working relationship. The extensive time we spent together understanding and addressing the design per yield and manufacturing challenges was key. We achieved closure to our design goals on schedule in an automated and predictable manner." To summarize, we told you at the beginning of the year, that our strategies to expand in adjacencies, such as verification and manufacture abilities that offer incremental growth opportunities. For our core design business through technology, innovation and to pursue new business and product re-models. Throughout 2005, we delivered on the strategy, laying the ground work for future growth and market expansion in '06. Our goals for the year to continue to make our customer’s lives easier to grow media and beyond, and to demonstrate operating consistency. In executing these goals we expect to grow revenue, operating margin and cash flow again in 2006, so I'm going to let Bill tell you all about that.
Bill Porter, SVP, CFO: Thanks Mike. Cadence completed a very good year with strong financial results in Q4. Revenue, profitability, and cash flow all met or exceeded our expectations for 2005. Total revenue was up 11% for the year, non-GAAP operating margin improved two percentage points to 24% for the year, and operating cash flow of $426 million exceeded our $400 million goal. Book-to-bill seeded one for the year and we finished the year with a backlog of $1.8 billion in line with our estimates. We expect backlog to grow again in 2006. We finished the year with good momentum, our product portfolio is very competitive, our new initiatives such as kits and segmentation are starting to ramp, and our enterprise approach to doing business is helping customers meet the design challenges. Now, let's review our results for Q4 as well as the year. GAAP earnings per share for Q4 were $0.08 compared to $0.20 in the same quarter last year. For the full year of 2005, GAAP earnings per share were $0.16 compared to $0.25 in 2004. On a GAAP basis operating income was up 42% quarter-over-quarter and up 14% year-over-year. And in December 2005, Cadence received an extraordinary cash dividend of approximately $500 million from a wholly owned Irish sub, subsidiary of the Company, repatriating certain foreign earnings pursuant to the American Job Creations Act. We recorded an incremental tax liability of approximately $30 million, which is, which reduced GAAP EPS in the fourth quarter by $0.9 and in the full year by $0.10. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.29 for the quarter, compared to $0.26 in the same quarter last year, up 12%. For the year, non-GAAP earnings per share increased 26%, to $0.83 from $0.66 in 2004. Total revenue for the fourth quarter was $378 million, compared to $343 million in Q4, 2004, up 10%. Product revenue was $258 million, maintenance revenue was $88 million, in services revenue was $32 million. Revenue for the year totaled $1.33 billion, up from $1.2 billion in 2004. Revenue mix by geography in Q4 was 42% for North America, 20% for Europe, 26% for Japan, and 12% for Asia. As you can see from our geographic revenue mix, it was especially strong quarter and year for Cadence in Japan where we continued to consolidate with our major accounts and increase our penetration at our other systems and semi conductor companies. Overall we saw a good level of business in all geographies in Q4. In Q4, one customer accounted for 21% of revenue while a second accounted for 12% of revenue. For the year, no customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue. In the quarter approximately 74% of our product business was represented by licenses, for which revenue will be recognized over time. Approximately two-thirds of product revenue was generated from backlog in Q4, and for 2006, we again see, we can expect to generate approximately two-thirds of product revenue from backlog. Contract life calculated on a dollar weighted average basis, was approximately three years. Q4 total costs and expenses on a non-GAAP basis were $257 million, up $3 million from $254 million in Q3, due to seasonally higher incentive compensation. Non-GAAP operating margin in Q4 was 32%, up from 30% in Q4 of 2004. For 2006, we're looking for non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 28%. Year-end head count was approximately 5,000. Receivables quality remained high in Q4, with receivables of 90 days past due at 1%. Within our historical range of 1% to 3%. Total DSOs were essentially flat at 92 days, compared to 90 days in Q3. We expect DSOs to settle into the mid to high 80s by the end of 2006. Operating cash flow for Q4 was $177 million, compared to $139 million in the fourth quarter of 2004. For the year, we expect, or for the year we generated $426 million in operating cash flow, exceeding our goal of $400 million. Capital expenditures for 2005, were $72 million, yielding free cash flow of $354 million. For 2006, we expect to generate operating cash flow of at least $425 million, while capital expenditures should remain in the range of $75 million. Cadence repurchased 6.2 million shares of stock in Q4, at a cost of $101 million. Cash and cash equivalents grew to $861 million at year end from $619 million in Q3. As many of you know FAS 123R requires expensing of stock-based compensation. For 2006, we estimate pretax stock-based compensation expense of $100 million. Our non-GAAP measures exclude this item. Now, I'll turn to our outlook for Q1 and the year 2006. For Q1, we expect revenue to be in the range of $315 to $325 million, reflecting the normal seasonal decline from Q4. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.07 to $0.09 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.19 to $0.21. For the year, 2006, we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.4 to $1.45 billion. GAAP EPS should be in the range of $0.47 to $0.55 and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.96 to $1.04. I also want to give you a sense of what the seasonal pattern will be in 2006. We expect to generate 22% to 23% of annual revenue in Q1, 22% to 25% in Q2, 23% to 26% in Q3, and 28% to 31% in Q4. Other income and expense for 2006 should be in the range of $38 to $42 million and approximately half of that amount should come in the first quarter with the remainder spread roughly equally over the last three quarters. So, as I look at our results for 2005, I'm pleased with our consistent financial performance and the great strides we've made in offering our customers the broadest and deepest set of design technologies on the market today as well as introducing innovative new approaches with segmentation and chips. We are better positioned than ever to pursue our strategy of becoming a true enterprises level partner to our customers. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator:
Operator Instruction:
Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks. Good afternoon. A couple of questions around backlog and bookings expectations. Bill, would you be willing to describe what you think your year-end backlog might be in 2006, versus the 1.8 billion you finished within 2005? Also by comparison to 2002, 2003 for yourselves and the industry, how much better do you think EDA and the, the R&D spending environment might be versus three to four years ago? And there's been a few years of rip, as R&D spending improvement, will that necessarily translate into commensurate increases in bookings or run rates somewhere you were two to three, and three to four years ago?
A - Bill Porter: Sure, Jay. In terms of the backlog estimate, I guess we said I expect to grow our backlog again, and it will be either in the $1.8 to $1.9 billion range. I don't think I will make a point estimate. And the reason I think we are continuing to grow value so it's not for us just getting to a certain size. It's trying to get the value to the customers and get kind of the appreciation for that and so that's why we were working the pricing piece of it. And the selling model that the team is working on is just incrementally adding that new technology to the customer. So it's better to kind of get it in when they need it; they recognize the value this trying to lop a big point of it on. In terms of the environment, I think we've seen pretty consistent R&D spending over the last couple of years. This year, again, I think it was, we expect to see R&D spending at least in the industry, of kind of upper single digits. 7% is what kind we have seen as a core over the last few years. I don't think that's going to change. It varies a little bit customer to customer. So I think that's pretty steady and if anything, I think the tone of innovation is continue to pick up which I think is just healthy for what we are seeing.
Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer,: Would it be fair to assume that in 2006, you finally get back to or surpass your last best bookings year which was 2002?
A - Bill Porter: Well, I don't think we want to, we always go back and forth on that. So I think we'll continue to grow the business. We're having very good success, but I'm not going to pick a point target for that.
Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer: And then finally, for Mike, are you, in fact, seeing with the kits and the segmentation, the price yields that you hoped for out of the strategy? In other words, with your kits you know there's effectively no difference in principle between the price of a kit versus the a la cart approach to buying the product. I wonder if that's really the case in practice and whether the segmentation is, in fact, yielding the feature-based pricing differences that you have been counting on.
A - Mike Fister: That's a good question and I think it's probably still a little bit early days, Jay. We definitely, I'm very encouraged by the early results, been concentrated in North America for the sales, and so I would like to see, I think both Bill, and I would like to see the world's view of those, because kit applicability extends nicely into some of the emerging parts of world, where the intellect is high, and the experience can be bolstered because of the kit-oriented approach. And so we're kind of collecting data but I, I think we could unilaterally decide that we are seeing a pull through across the product for the kits. And that, that's good. And it’s, and it’s, bolsters the breadth argument that we make for the Company, and I think it's going to be very powerful for us in the broad base of customers.
Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Harlan Sur with Morgan Stanley.
Q - Harlan Sur: Good afternoon, and congratulations on a very well executed quarter. Turning to the geographies, AsiaPac was quite strong this quarter, almost doubling sequentially and I think it's, looks like a record quarter for that particular region. I’m curious to know which geographies were particularly active and for what end markets segments were some of these semi conductor companies targeting?
A - Bill Porter: Harlan, we're continuing to see if you look at our geographic breakdown, success in Japan and I think there’s a combination of factors. We have a very good set of technologies and we have a very good team there. That's one thing that's going well and I think the second thing is we are seeing the economy and particularly technology spending continuing to increase with the large electronics companies in Japan. And so I think it's just kind of our technology is fitting in real well and we are executing real well. So I think that's the biggest piece that you are seeing in terms of growth in Asia Pacific. And I think we are starting to get some momentum also in the other Asia areas but it's not showing as dramatically in the results. It's still early days.
Q - Harlan Sur: So in addition to Japan, I mean, what other areas were particularly strong, maybe Korea or India?
A - Bill Porter: Well, I think that we just, we'll cross the, we're seeing good business in both US. and in Europe, in general and I think we're clearly seeing the impact of some of the large electronics companies in India, primarily and we are doing very well with the large electronics companies, some of the success, for example, we've had with STTI, other companies we have talked about; a lot of that also goes back to the success that we are having with the teams in India. And so that, on its, on its own, its really being very helpful for our total business.
Q - Harlan Sur: Okay Great. And then I know that you paid particular attention to this on the call, but the EDA vendor consolidation within the semi conductor industry just it may be becoming much more pervasive here, and other free scale deal your announcing queue far obviously been a very good example of that. We ourselves are hearing more talk about vendor consolidation, just I’m, talking with some of the 30 or so semiconductor companies that we cover. So I guess my question is that in addition to the IBM, are you seeing a similar trend amongst the established semiconductor companies? And then I guess as a follow-on, how much do you think the industry consolidation will be contributing to your bookings growth over the next couple of years?
A - Mike Fister: Yes, we, Harlan, it's Mike. We definitely have got some. They're hard to testimonial, but your intuition is right. It's across IBMs and established companies. And we have a kind of cost and flow of testimonies from companies like ATI, as you can see. We have targeted relationships for some of the new technology entrees like the Data Chip Optimizer with them, as well as the IBM, as well as IBMs and we do an awful lot of work with the foundry, our foundry partners. So I think that, that phenomena of cost savings may well be crystallized by the established companies. In other words that's a way of differentiating themselves from the IBM as a much more efficient way to operate, and that's a lot of the catalyst. It, both trends bode well for us. I think we're very confident of the breadth of technology that we have, and our size and financial scale makes us very partnerable and dependable when someone makes that big of a bet, whether it's a big company or a small company. And I appreciate you noticing the Free scale engagement. We spent a long time doing that and making it sure that it was going to be good for both of us and we were well engaged in many, many more conversations like that.
Q - Harlan Sur: Okay. Great. And then one more product question. I think as you mentioned on the call, Palladium has been, I think, continues to be, a very strong growth driver within your verification platform, and I know you can't give us revenue contributions from Palladium, but can you give us a sense of how this product segment actually grew in 2005?
A - Mike Fister: Well, certainly it grew faster and we said that we had just an absolutely great quarter for verification as a whole. The Palladium, business, is obviously strong. I think what, in my mind, as we called out that adjacency and kind of we show the value of the, of the rest of the acquisition that we made, what you really see is the continuum of technology from base simulation all the way through emulation. The spectrum product adversity has is very strong and it's a drag effect for emulation as emulation is a drag effect for that with the process automation platform. So it's really, I know it probably sounds like a cliche but it's a very good complement of those technologies working together, and I think one other element of Palladium, and we are always going to harp on this but since it's been probably our best example, segmentation is valuable. We have gotten good segmentation results, and upsell, coming back to Jay's question with Palladium, to Palladium II and now dragging across the Xtreme product line, and so it is a very good demonstrable because you can see one that's smaller or sleeker or more capacity and it's very easy to quantize the differentiation in the product. So that's what, we're watching it for all three of those dynamics, but the most powerful one is verification as an adjacency, it's a growth opportunity for the EDA market in general. It's certainly a huge growth opportunity for us and all throughout 2005, I think we could show that very quantifiably and it’s going to continue through '06. I think it is going to go faster.
Q - Harlan Sur: Yes, it sounds like it. Thanks for that, Mike. And then one last question for you, Bill. I think you said that other income, net in the first quarter is going to be on the order of $19 million to $20 million, is that correct?
A - Bill Porter: That's good math, Harlan and the answer is yes. We see a liquidity event for one of our investing companies and that going to be some extra cash that going to come to us in Q1, so we wanted to make sure that everyone was aware of it and always a nice thing to have. The other thing that's going to be generating very solid other income for us is interest income, because of the size of our cash balances. So that's pretty steady. We just want to make sure that everyone realizes that that's there for the year and we have a little bit of extra income that we are going to be able to take advantage of in Q1.
Q - Harlan Sur: Okay. Thank you. And gain great job in the quarter, guys.
A - Bill Porter: Thanks
Operator: Your next question is from Raj Seth with SG Cowen.
Q - Raj Seth: Hi, thank you. Mike, can you talk a little bit about the R&D intensity of this business, and whether or not with a lot of the activity that you have in that domain, you think there is, in fact, a real opportunity to decrease over time spending in the R&D line, and this, I guess fundamentally, my question is driven by the observation that margins are now pushing up into the upper 20s, historically, none of the big companies have really run much above 30 and I'm curious if you think, I know it's early Bill, but if you think you can , you have an opportunity to push margins past 30, at some point, and what might allow you to do that.
A - Mike Fister: Well, Raj, many of you guys have gotten to hear Jim and recently Moshe kind of come out and showed you some of the programs. And I think those are very engaging, because you see not only passion but you see intellect behind them. I think there's an awful lot of leverage behind what we do. That's one of the reasons why we have driven the team, both in construction and focus to be internally innovative and hopefully the katina technology debut and the Cadence Chip Optimizer is just another example of a very powerful combination we have between our internally developed products, whether it's in the base machine or ,or through the incubators and you even begin to see more leverage out of the academic stuff that we do with the Berkeley labs and such. And that, itself, is a catalyst for us to be able to go and really, I think, take the Company to another level of leverage on the development dollars. And the, the cast of characters that we have across the Company from the base technologists to the management teams are incredibly focused on demonstrating that, and really kind of strutting our stuff. I think that's what leadership companies. Bill, do you have a comment on the operating margin?
A - Bill Porter: Yes, Raj, I do think, in our next milestone is 30, but I don't see that as the end point; I do see leverages, Mike does. In development, I think the leadership is looking for opportunities there and we'll find it. The technology that Mike referred to with Cadence Chip Optimizer was very, very efficient, as well as going to be very good technology and we're learning things from Jim Moshe and from experiences like that. So I think 30 is the next milestone but don't look at that as a cap. And you'll see us, as we develop that experience, we'll be able to give some estimates over time, but I think now, just know that there's place to go beyond our next goal.
A - Mike Fister: Hey, Raj, one more point too, I think you shouldn't overlook the sales and marketing team that we have. We have, I think, arguably the best sales and application engineering force in the industry. It's a huge force. We team that with the marketing and the strategies around segmentation and kits. You know that there's a lot of leverage in the applications engineering we think, because you don't have to have application engineers do you the program over and over and over again for every customer. And several members of our leadership team are focused on demonstrating that as well, since it's such a huge component. So I like our chances to be able to continue to demonstrate efficiencies across the whole functional elements of this Company.
Q - Raj Seth: Could I ask one more if I might?. Could you talk just briefly about your strategy? We talked a lot about China and India and some of tease emerging markets. Can you talk about your strategy to develop those markets, particularly in the context of these kits? I know they are sort of less mature than the design community, certainly in North America or in Europe. Can you talk a little bit about how it is you are going to take advantage of what looks to be real secrope over there and long term, probably a lot bigger dollar opportunity?
A - Mike Fister: Yes, and I can never say anything briefly, but I will try for a second. India, China emerging geographies in general, I think are a great opportunity, and whether it's the IBMs and the multinationals going over there in Greenfield spaces. Those are opportunities for us. And I think as you point out, as we're talking before, the fabless community in general is a huge opportunity because it is a seed expansion and it's a place where the people are tremendous intellects. I mean, master's degrees, Ph.D.s are commonplace without tons of practical I will say, experience quote/unquote for having developed a wireless chip or whatever their target focus is. The sub developments in China represent huge opportunities around consumer electronics, automotive electronics and across all of those geos, it's all very, very good. So the thing that bridges that gap is the kit orientation, because you take the foundation what we've got and you take the methodology and then people just use it. They don't have to redo it. We are going to exploit that distribution-wise by a combination of three things, one, we're doing some stuff direct. We're doing that in the big opportunities, the big customers, with sales and application engineer forces as you are used to seeing from us. Then, we're doing it through an alternate channel as Kevin calls it, which allows to us take more advantage some of the value-added reseller base and we are doing that first with the most mature technology like front circuit board and then moving upscale and I think low-end digital is a good opportunity for that next. And then the third thing, we're going to pile some other models. We have talked a little bit about some kind of a, ASP models that allow us to be able to support software environment with also application support, that I think could be very engaging for that part of the world, so once again it bridges the gap, and sometimes these people want to spend money a little at a time as opposed to in big gulps. So, it's a complex strategy with lots of moving parts but I think your intuition is right. We see it as an opportunity for growth. It has to be packaged that way and I don't think doing whole drinkfuls is going to be the way to get the most effective leverage out of it. And I think we have got a good component of both technology and approach that makes us a good, a good possibility for, penetration. Significant penetration.
Q - Raj Seth: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Tim Fox with Deutsche Bank.
Q - Tim Fox: Hi, thank you. Good afternoon. Bill, just a couple to start with for you. I believe you guided for operating cash flow in '06, about 425 million if I'm correct, this is about flat year-over-year but you are guiding to about 400 basis point of operating margin improvement in '06; can you explain why you expect of cash flow to be flattish?
A - Bill Porter: Well, I think Tim, what you are seeing in the past, if you go back the last year we started at least at 400 million and delivered 426. So the same thing, when I start at 425 this year. There's always a little bit of variability in just getting structures and cash, but I would expect to see the similar kinds of leverage that we got in the past, just, I guess, same thing as we started last year with top line, I think we were looking at about 6% or 7% growth and we did better obviously. So I would like to do the same thing with cash flow.
Q - Tim Fox: Okay.
A - Bill Porter: We look for growth, but I'm keeping my, as a least saying, we should at least do this and hopefully we'll better.
Q - Tim Fox: Okay. Fine, that's great. And on your guidance, I think you said in the past, you expect to grow the top line essentially in line with R&D in the industry, and then add about 2 or 3 percentage points on top from adjacencies over time. Looking a guidance for '06 and the fact that you mentioned R&D should be up around 6% or 7%, are you being a little conservative around the adjacencies and how much that's going to add to '06 or are you just assuming R&D's going to be a little below that 7% range?
A - Bill Porter: I don't think R&D's going to be really significantly below that range, the things that I have seen or that going to be in the 7% to 10% range, depending on where you see the analytics. What I think you will see is a bit of conservatism and we do want to make sure that we spend the time to develop some of these opportunities we have. And like we did this year, I think you will see that we should be able to, by some of the strength of the technology, have a number of wins in 2006. So I think you will see us be able to at least grow with R&D, and probably a little better than that. But this is all about for us execution and we want to see consistent execution, quarter on quarter, year-over-year. So I would rather have a little bit of conservatism in there and show you based on the customer examples how we are adding value and just growing the business and hopefully a little faster than we started out the year.
A - Mike Fister: Tim, I think there's real learning and in the analog of growing the value-based business like we have done with some of our big customers, there's an analog to realizing the value of the segmentation and kits, the same way and so we probably are factoring in a little bit more learning or a little bit more time for conservation there, but, boy if it was anything like we were able to demonstrate in '05, as Bill said, we kind of started off one place and ended off in another. There's no reason why we shouldn't be able to do that again, and I, I, we stand by our model that we have for the adjacencies and for the innovations that we have around the marking approaches being growth components above the R&D average spending line.
Q - Tim Fox: Okay. Thanks for that and just one for you, Mike, if I could. You made reference in your prepared remarks about custom IC win that I believe was competitive displacement, and you suggested it was driven in part by open access. And I was wondering if you could just elaborate more on the deal, how it was that having open access gave you a leg up here, and do you expect other deals to come in and competitive displacements because of that, that partnership?
A - Mike Fister: Very good question, Tim. The, we enjoy very nice market segment penetration with our custom IC capabilities, and there's translating a few places in the world where we were not the incumbent and this is very impressive to me, because this was one of those. And open access, I think, is always one of the most forward looking things of the Company had done as I came into it and we're going to continue to drive that mantra and with big customers like this one and a few of the other components of it, it's a way for EDA companies to walk the talk of an ability to cohabitate for leverage tools that they either develop themselves or natively develop capabilities or maybe a few that are supplemented from other suppliers. And so this was one of the last actions where we really were demonstrating that and they've seen what we were doing on Virtuoso 6.1 and it was just incredibly encouraging to them. And as you could tell from the prepared remarks, there are customers of ours across some of the other digital and so they, the ability for those things to interact seamlessly, predicated on open access really delivered on every intent that we had ever made with open access and I think that other of our colleagues, competitive colleagues in the industry are going to try to emulate that strategy. Certainly if our big customers are any barometer, they want us to be able to be that way. And so we’re going to go follow through on it. I think the team is doing a nice job. I can't wait for to you see the Virtuoso release in the middle of the year. It's very impressive. I mean the early feedback from the customers is nothing short of glowing. So that's a the simple matter for open access.
A - Bill Porter: And, Tim, just one other, just point of clarification for the cash flow, operating cash flow, is with the dividend that we're having, we are going to be paying a tax of around $30 million in cash in the first quarter. And so that's another item and we will absorb that and move forward. But, just so you know, as you look at your modeling, that's one of the things that's also included with the '06 estimate.
Q - Tim Fox: It was not in '05?
A - Bill Porter: Correct.
Q - Tim Fox: Got. It thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Vishal Saluja with Seligman
Q - Vishal Saluja: Hi, Bill, thanks for taking my questions. Just on the free cash flow, you said that DSOs are going to be down this year. Tell me what we should think about for CapEx. Is it going to be roughly flat or up from these levels?
A - Bill Porter: CapEx should be relatively flat, Vishal. We have been estimating around 75 million at the beginning of this year, we came in at 72 and I would think that that level, we are in that 75 million range, and its going to be continual. We're still investing and growing particularly outside of the U.S. in infrastructure, and so I think that will continue at about that same level.
Q - Vishal Saluja: Okay. So a question for you or for Mike on uses of cash flow because I'm looking at what you accumulated on your balance sheet, roughly 820, by my calculation, you can generate another 400 million with relative ease this year, if you make plans. So any thoughts on, on prepared to see the buyback or whatever else you have for uses of cash.
A - Mike Fister: Great Vishal, I think what you saw in Q4 was that we did do some repurchase to the tune of $100 million, and so I, in the past year, I think what we have said is, yes, let's build up a little bit of cash balance. We will look for opportunities to grow the business and we'll continue to evaluate repurchase opportunities. So we, I think we did all three with varicity through the balance and system repurchase. And I think you will see us do the same thing in 2006. We have about $20 million left on our authorization for repurchase, and we're planning in our next board meeting to revisit that and to ask for additional authorization. So we're very comfortable with generating cash and think we'll put it to good use in the business, as well as repurchase is, as we see those opportunities ahead of us.
Q - Vishal Saluja: Just last question, on the margin improvement you said that margins beyond 30% is doable for you. I just going to question you a little bit to see, what's a, sort of minimum level of margin improvement we should expect on an annualized basis? So just to get to the 30%, is it something that we can look forward to in '07, or is this kind of a, a more close to 50 to 100 beats a year?
A - Mike Fister: No, I think the, our near term objective of 30% was kind of an '06/’07 thing that we had talked about last year. So really, since we should get to 28% this year, it should be definitely in our sights for '07. I would be disappointed if we didn't do 30 plus in '07.
Q - Vishal Saluja: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Q - Rich Valera: Thank you. Just to revisit the vendor consolidation. Congratulations on the win at Freescale. On One concern I have heard raised about this type of deal is that as you, sort of these large customers are looking to reduce their overall spend on EDA by reducing the number of vendors and then gaining sort of price concessions with the remaining large vendor, do you feel like, one, there's the risk of sort of potentially shrinking the market as these deals happen, and do you feel like you held the line on pricing in Freescale? Do you have a hold on that thing?
A - Mike Fister: Yes, Rich, it's Mike. I think both Bill and I have been very outspoken that we would like to project and then realize value in the engagements with our customers and I don't know who will speculate, but I will tell you that we, that we mean that when, we meant that when we say it and I think while we can't disclose the details of it, we'll find that it's more of a TCO argument, like, total cost of ownership in the IP analogy as we've often used and that's why the discussion is protracted. I think that Freescale is an example of a very forward looking management team, not just predicated to try to reduce costs and kind of beat someone into submission, and they had the same kind of mindset as we did. How could we pick a partnering opportunity and turn it into a foundation that we will build on? I'm very confident that we are not only going to be able to talk about what we are doing today but that we have a lot of green field space to build on top. And that was our intention. And I think it was the intention of our customer and it bodes well for the industry. That same way that happened in the IT industry. And so I think this is much different than may have been happened a few years ago when it was kind of dog eat dog and people would do anything to get a point of market segment share shipped. It is just not our, our management mind-set and I think the breadth of our technology, really enables us to be able to do that. So you've got to, a rare combination of management and pen both sides and technological, bulk. Don't miss the fact that I think we are a very dependable partner by our financial strength and brass of support, too; and most of our customers like that are worldwide, we are worldwide, and they are expanding and we are expanding and it's a very kindred relationship that allows us to do it and I think we'll be able to demonstrate and improve value for us and for them and that will grow the industry.
Q - Rich Valera: Great. Thanks.
A - Bill Porter: Yes, Rich, I would just like to add, this is Bill. In a lot of the large customers, it is rare that you get something of this size and scale that you do of Free scale at one time. There's a few of those, and so the majority of the business that we are doing is adding incrementally to our customers' capabilities. And so in adding to their capabilities at ST, TI and there we're adding capabilities when they see the value and when we see the value. So I think there's a lot of work that goes on across the whole large end, growing customer base to add value and it's not just these big, the concept of big contracts. I think that's a relic.
Q - Rich Valera: That's helpful. Thank you. And if you could just maybe give an update on your new DRC to PBS, I know it's still fairly early. But anything sort of new to report there in terms of any progress made?
A - Mike Fister: Rich, a good question. Obviously, something that we're proud of it, we debuted it in September, more than a dozen different customers in various stages of evaluation. Just closed somebody who's consolidated on it across their whole designing continuum. My comments said if we obviously benchmark very well that's because I'm reading from some of our competitors that we don't benchmark worth a darn. Come on, guys. I mean, why would we introduce something like that? So it's, it's something that we are in no hurry to, to try to devalue, just to be able to have a competitive displacement, because you know that the foundation of that product has got a lot of head room in it. And so I think that's characteristic of a lot of the design for manufacturability penetration. You have to do these with big companies or targeting companies that have got a lot of influence in their manufacturing element, you do that in partnership, and we're, our motivation is to do it and demonstrate for the long term and we started with TBS. I'm very excited about the Cadence Chip Optimizer. You could see that was in place in demonstration evaluations three and a half years with one of our big customers. And if anything, I hope it answers a little bit of, are we missing in action in DSM? I don't think we are. I think we're extremely calculated about how we're approaching that with our customers and in the long term, it will parlay very nicely for us.
Q - Rich Valera: That's helpful, guys.
A - Mike Fister: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Q - Sterling Auty: Thanks. Hi, guys. A couple of questions. First, Bill, can you walk us through a little bit of how this term loan that you took for the dividends is going to work in terms of, is there interest expense that will flow through the income statement on a quarterly basis? And then just the repayments of it?
A - Bill Porter: Sure, Sterling. So in terms of the repatriation, we did see the opportunity to get a little leverage, so we could take $160 million term loan out. It is amortizable over three years. You should see us pay it off at least in two, if not earlier, just because of the strong cash that it will generate. And there is some expense. It's, I think, a pretty competitively priced loan, but that's already included in the other income and expense estimate I gave you. So it is not that significant and we'll easily be able to absorb it through, actually additional cash that we'll generate off the balance sheet.
Q - Sterling Auty: So the 160 face value of the loan showed up as 128 on the balance sheet; what's the differential?
A - Bill Porter: The other part is sitting in short term.
Q - Sterling Auty: Oh, okay. Sorry.
A - Bill Porter: No problem. It's hard to see this stuff in five minutes.
Q - Sterling Auty: Yes, yes. And that's basically you are getting charged LIBOR for it?
A - Bill Porter: Yes, it's a little plus LIBOR.
Q - Sterling Auty: Okay.
A - Bill Porter: There's a little bit on top of LIBOR. So like I said look for us to pay that down quickly, but it's, we think it was a good choice, the repatriation cost is 30 million and if you think of the normal tax rate we probably saved $120 million, so we'll probably save as much as we are going to pay on the loan.
Q - Sterling Auty: And one other housekeeping, what, I didn't quite catch it, what should we think of in terms of tax rate for '06?
A - Bill Porter: I think we should be very consistent with our 26% non-GAAP rate. That's kind of our long-term rate, and back out a lot of the non-tax charges like amortization. So that's very consistent, and we don't see anything changing in the short term there.
Q - Sterling Auty: Okay. And then, Mike, a high level question. Verification was obviously an important driver to growth in 2005. As you look at 2006, what do you think the important growth drivers from the segment basis are really going to be?
A - Mike Fister: Yes, I continue to think verification is a, is a key element, strong across the rest of the business and then contributes in those, very important things that we were talking about on top of, I'm going to say, contemporary R&D spending. I like our chances too on some elements of the manufacturability segment. That's why we called it an adjacency is. We are going to be careful or thoughtful about unlocking the real value of that. Because anybody can give it away for gosh sakes and we are not going to do that. And I think there's, really good opportunity in the base of the customers, as Bill said, was saying, kind of ponying on, when we have a significant consolidation with a big or a small customer, that is really a, kind of a launching pad or a diving platform, to expand the business inside those companies and move up their value scale. And high-end digital, all the things that are there still good growth segments for us. RTL Compiler had a wonderful quarter this quarter too. So there's really no one big one but I think we continue to point to the adjacencies and strut our stuff on the physical concentration of specifically EDA and it bodes well for us in '06.
Q - Sterling Auty: Great. Thank you.
A - Mike Fister: Yes
Operator: Your next question is from Sumit Dhanda with Banc of America Securities.
Q - Eric Grenadie: This is Eric Grenadie for Sumit. A question for Bill, how much receipts for sale of receivables is embedded in your cash flow outlook for '06?
A - Bill Porter: It should be less, clearly, than we did in '05. We used a lot of our international receivables to fund our repatriation, so I would see it, I think, drop a fair amount in '06, but as you probably are aware, about, 24% 25% of our business is up front versus over time. And having that level of business, it makes sense for us to finance or to basically match the cash with the revenue, where we're not able to just work with the customers directly. So that we can just minimize the credit risk. So you'll see it drop in '06 but you will still see it as a reasonable amount of the business.
Q - Eric Grenadie: Okay. And just clarification on your, on your outlook for '06, basically on non-GAAP operating expenses. It seems like your guidance is assuming at least, like half of growth on the OpEx segment certainly that’s been half at the revenue rate. Can you just talk us through that and clarify what's going on?
A - Bill Porter: No, I think it's very simple. For those of you who know me, that's basically our planning mantra is that we don't want to grow our expenses at any more than half our top line rate. And as we continue to do well on the top line, we look for additional investments.
Q - Eric Grenadie: The reason I ask is because in Q4, it seems like your expense came in just slightly ahead of what you had and based on your guidance in Q1 of '06, with midpoints of 320, and that, other interests, income of 20 million, it seems like you are still not going to be able to make a big catch up on operating expenses in Q1. So I'm just wondering if there is a function starting Q2 or, or Q3 or
A - Bill Porter: No, you actually see expenses drop a little bit Q4 to Q1 because of some of the seasonality that goes along with incentive compensation. Obviously Q4 is our largest quarter from a business perspective, so we have more incentive comp there, which is a good match. So it will drop in Q1 and then the expenses will pretty much be fairly equal throughout the year. It'll pick up a little bit as we are doing some investments and we talked at our dinner which was web cast in December and we said we are looking at making a little bit more of an investment in some of the areas as opposed to pushing for a little bit more operating margin in '06. But generally, those expenses are pretty well laid out throughout the year. A little bit of the uptake at the end but not much.
Q - Eric Grenadie: Okay. Thank you very much.
A - Bill Porter: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Stewart Muter with RBC Capital Markets.
Q - Stewart Muter: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. A couple of questions. First, in terms of what you are hearing from your customers, Q4 was a pretty good quarter for the semi industry and Q1 looks good as well. Are you getting a sense of a change in time from your customer that they may loosen up anywhere purse strings this year?
A - Mike Fister: I don't think there's anything that's polar one way or the other there's, some of those customers are doing good quarters and some of them are still rebuilding or restructuring or whatever term you want to use, and like Bill said before, we are that kind of I think the just of the analytical community is still in the high single digits for R&D spending. We looked at a five-year weighted average and it's been very consistent and so that's kind of the model that we use, and we are working equally aggressively with customers that are having bang-up quarters and ones that aren't. And I think it's an opportunity for us in both cases because most in that, in technology, where they can see differences to try to continue that or recover from business. And so it's there's no, there's no generic settlement that I can see that says, oh, my goodness, life is going to be great. It's kind of smooth and steady as we go.
Q - Stewart Muter: Fair enough. Now in terms of 65-nanometers what are your customers telling you in terms of your interest in adoption there; are the design paths, kind of slowing the adoption, or do you think it's beginning to accelerate here?
A - Mike Fister: I think it bifurcates. There is some of the biggest customers in the industry are moving aggressively to 65-nanometer. Heck, we are doing stuff at 45-nanometer with one of the giants. And saw in the prepared comments, Bill and I, we talked about a testimonial to 65-nanometers. We had quite a number of tape outs and we even had first silicon back on one. And I think those tend to be extremely high volume customers, where they are predicated to try to move forward on the process migration and they have also invested a ton of money in it. I also believe, though, that there's going to be a lot more sustenance at 130 and maybe even 90 nanometers for the analog and mixed signal components. Some of that technology doesn’t migrate very easily and it takes a little bit longer to do that. That's why I wanted to point out in my comments how the segmentation of the digital technology helps. We took Encounter L on a customer back in the quarter-micron, and the seamlessness of the continuing from the most complex designs to 65-nanometer back to 130 or quarter-micron is a value that we have that we have that I'm very, very proud of, and I think it bodes well for us. So, I don't think it all has to be about forward looking process and migration for us to be successful, but in general, if our, the customer sentiment that we are getting is any barometer, they are very impressed with our forward-looking high end, high performance digital, and Virtuoso, everything becomes an analog effect at 65-nanomters, it's not safe to be a wire, everything is in the transmission line, and I think our incumbency in those two and the leverage between them bodes very nicely for us. So, I hope that gives you a little insight.
A - Bill Porter: Yes, Stewart, the only other point I would add to that is the manufacturing aware design concept you're clearly going to see at 65 and for sure 45 and the Cadence Chip Optimizer really helps customers when they are getting down to those low levels and that's why it took three years to develop it, but when you hear someone like IBM say that it really helps at 65, you are going to have to have those kinds of capabilities to try to make it work. So that's one of the next thing that customers will need; it's not going to be just do it post layout, like in the past.
Q - Stewart Muter: All right. That was very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Petkun with DA Davidson and Company.
Q - Matt Petkun: Hi, good afternoon. Bill, I'm just taking a look here, at the balance sheet, the long-term deferred revenue is up pretty significantly both sequentially more than doubled year-over-year. Can you help me understand what's going on, on that line item?
A - Bill Porter: Sure, Matt. Really what it is, we were able to, with some of our customers get some payments earlier in the contract cycle, and so we're going to have some deferred revenue that's going to be coming out in the future. And that's really what it is. We've had, one of the things we do with our compensation is that our sales people get paid in many cases when we get paid so that helps with structuring.
Q - Matt Petkun: Okay. But has there been any change in terms of the overall term or length of the subscription contracts you are entering into this quarter?
A - Bill Porter: No, not at all. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks our weighted average contract length continues to be three years. So this is really just a matter of an opportunity to be able to get some cash, and we took advantage of it. It made sense for the customer. It made sense for us.
Q - Matt Petkun: And would you associate this cash with bookings that you received this quarter or even with past bookings that you have yet to collect on?
A - Bill Porter: I don't want to get into that level of specifics but we had a very, very good business quarter in Q4 and as you can see, we did pretty well in collections as well. Don't always collect something that you book in the same quarter.
Q - Matt Petkun: Right. Okay. And then maybe, I mean, I know you guys done really give bookings numbers but if you, you gave some seasonality expectations for the top line, what would you expect in terms of seasonality from a bookings perspective, as we move into '06. Should it be pretty much similar with what you have seen in past years, kind of 15ish to the first quarter ramping up to 30, 35 in the back of the year?
A - Bill Porter: Well, Matt, as we go through, we indicate about two-thirds of our business comes out of backlog and so about a third of it is something that we book and turn in a quarter. And you will see the same. That's a pretty good correlation between bookings and revenue. So nothing dramatically different than the road map we laid out in terms of the percentages.
Q - Matt Petkun: You wouldn't expect a slower bookings quarter you typically experience in Q1? It would be more in line with the revenue?
A - Bill Porter: I think that's a reasonable way to look at it.
Q - Matt Petkun: Okay. Thanks.
A - Bill Porter: Pretty similar to this year, to '05.
Q - Matt Petkun: Okay. There you go. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Rohit Pandey with HSBC Securities.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Yes, I'm looking for the revenue growth and the bookings growth in '07. They both slow down in '06, compared to '05. So, why is that slowdown?
A - Mike Fister: I'm sorry, Rohit, we really couldn't hear you. It sounds like you're pretty far away from the speaker. Could you just repeat the question?
Q - Rohit Pandey: Yes, Let me try again. When I look at the revenue growth from '05 to '06, that slows down to about 7%, based on the guidance, and given that you said the backlog would not increase a lot , it implies the bookings also perhaps slow down. So why is the slowdown? Is that a newer pipeline for ’06 weaker than it was for '05?
A - Mike Fister:
Inaudible:
Q - Rohit Pandey: Is the newer pipeline stronger than what it was for '05 or is it about the same?
A - Mike Fister:
Inaudible:
Q - Rohit Pandey: Okay. And why is the G&A going down for the past three quarters?
A - Mike Fister: I'm sorry?
Q - Rohit Pandey: The G&A expense, that is down for the past three quarters.
A - Bill Porter: Are you talking about
Q - Rohit Pandey: So what is driving the lower expense of G&A?
A - Bill Porter: G&A?
Q - Matt Petkun: Yes, it's down from, it was down from Q2 down in Q3 and down in Q4 on the income statement.
A - Bill Porter: It looks pretty steady to me, in terms of just when I look at our operating results or non-GAAP results. I will have to just look at that with you. I think it's actually been relatively steady. So
Q - Matt Petkun: And back to the licenses. How much was the term this year and was it about the same compared to what it was for '04 or did it change? The term percentage?
A - Bill Porter: The percentage of our bookings has been very consistent. This year, I think on average, it was about 75% for the whole year. Pretty much in line with what our estimates were. Which I think is pretty close to the average we had in '04. Running in that 75% to 80% range.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Okay.
A - Bill Porter: It's not a dramatic change. Also in 2006. In that same level, around 75ish, or high 70s.
Q - Rohit Pandey: And the large deal in the quarter, the 21 person customer, was that a subscription deal?
A - Bill Porter: The percentages I gave were revenue customers.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Right.
A - Bill Porter: So, because they were revenue customers they would be term business.
Q - Matt Petkun: Right.
A - Bill Porter: But when you have that percentage, it's additive, so there are some of those customers we have existing business with, and then, so we do have subscriptions and term revenue to add on top of each other to get to those totals. But it's a big customer. You will get a predominant piece, which will be a term on top of level subscriptions.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Okay and on the DSM product, how big do you think the market is now, after, like other competitors experimenting with that market for the past two years?
A - Mike Fister: It's hard for me to tell the whole size of that market, you're probably better analytically, I think you'll just see us make incremental progress there with our new products both in TBS and RDN and I think just watch out for chip optimization
A - Bill Porter: Really been very, very much a function of how people modified it. If everyone tries to give away the capability for whatever they think they can do, if it's $1 million then it'll be smaller. If you monetize it appropriately, I think it's got great growth opportunities in the industry.
Q - Rohit Pandey: Got it.
Mike Fister, President, CEO: I wanted to thank everyone for their questions on the call. It is a pleasure for us to do this. I hope that we'll see people come to the analyst day on March 1st in New York City and we'll look forward to meeting you then. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.
