===== 2025 Q2  (2025-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to PTC's 2025 Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Shimao, PTC's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matt Shimao: Good afternoon. Thank you, Kate and welcome to PTC's 2025 second quarter conference call. On the call today are Neil Barua, Chief Executive Officer; Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer; and Robert Dahdah, Chief Revenue Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast and a replay of the call will be available later today at www.ptc.com. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today's date, April 30, 2025 and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's Chief Executive Officer, Neil Barua.
Neil Barua: Thank you, Matt and good afternoon, everyone. Q2 was a solid quarter of execution for PTC. We delivered 10% ARR growth and 13% free cash flow growth year-over-year. We also made progress delevering our capital structure as we said we would. In February, we paid down $500 million of senior notes that were due. With our leverage ratio now of 1.5x and continued visibility to solid cash generation, we continued share buybacks in Q2 and expect to remain active under our $2 billion share repurchase authorization. Our Q2 results reflected solid execution across our 5 focus areas: PLM, ALM, SLM, CAD and SaaS. Across our geographic regions and verticals, our customers reinforced the importance of PTC's software to accelerate time to market, produce higher-quality products and manage complexity across their businesses. Q2 customer wins included significant Windchill PLM expansions at a med tech company and also at the aerospace division of a large European industrial conglomerate; a new Codebeamer ALM multiple wins with global automotive OEMs in Japan, India and Europe; a ServiceMax SLM cross-sell win at a global industrial company; and lastly, a game-changing Creo CAD and Windchill PLM expansion with a well-known aerospace and defense company. You could read more about these wins in our appendix slides. Our Q2 execution gives us confidence in the progress of our go-to-market transformation. We said on our last earnings call that the foundation was laid in Q1 and Q2 was the start of the team finding its new rhythm. This is playing out as expected as we're seeing higher-quality pipeline velocity, solid hiring and enablement of quota-bearing reps and more consistent execution. I credit our go-to-market leadership team for their relentless focus on driving this transformation. I am more confident today than I was at the beginning of the year given our progress and be assured we are continuing to press harder. We also advanced our product portfolio and generative AI initiatives across all 5 focus areas, including: in PLM, we publicly previewed Windchill AI at the Hannover Messe trade show in Germany; in ALM, Codebeamer 3.0 is now GA; in SLM, we introduced ServiceMax AI; and in CAD, we launched Onshape AI Advisor and Onshape Government. In April, we bought a great company called IncQuery Labs that brings development and deep technical talent to accelerate our product road map in ALM, PLM and critical integrations between the 2. Overall, Q2 was a solid quarter supporting our customers, making progress in initiatives like our go-to-market transformation and advancing our market-leading product portfolio and generative AI strategy. We're still in the early phases of digital transformation across our customer base and there's no question about the critical role PTC will play in these transformations over the medium and long term. Now turning to the near term. As we discussed last quarter, we entered the second half with a strong pipeline. That pipeline remains intact and we have not yet seen material changes in customer behavior. However, we recognize growing uncertainty related to global trade dynamics and macro pressures which affect our customers. While no broad trends have emerged yet since the beginning of April, customer conversations as a result of these dynamics are progressing in a way that suggests our prior high end of 10% is now a stretch. These conversations indicate an increasing potential for deals in our second half to be smaller, done in phases or potentially delayed. Accordingly, we have moderated the high end of our ARR guidance to 9% growth. Also, to allow for the potential that macro conditions significantly worsen and its impact to customer buying behaviors, we are introducing a new low end of 7% to our guidance range. To be clear, this adjustment is about the potential timing and sizing of projects, not about fundamental demand. The long-term need for digital transformation remains extremely important to our customers. Despite this ARR guidance adjustment, our financial discipline allows us to raise the low end of our free cash flow guidance for 2025, a reflection of strong execution and profitability focus. Kristian will take you through our Q2 and updated guidance in more detail but I'd like to make a few final points that I feel are important. This near-term uncertainty poses questions and makes things difficult to predict but it ultimately reinforces the need for digital transformation and could serve as a tailwind over the medium term. The need to build a product data foundation, apply generative AI to that foundation and transform only gets heightened because of this uncertainty. Customers, for their survival, need to develop products faster, build a more resilient supply chain and optimize aftermarket service revenue streams. And that's why PTC is exceptionally well positioned to be the leader in bringing these critical needs into reality. We will navigate this near-term uncertainty and stay focused on the right things, helping our customers transform, progressing our go-to-market transformation and delivering enhanced products and generative AI capabilities across our 5 key focus areas. With that, I'll turn things over to Kristian.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Neil and hello, everyone. Starting off with Slide 6. As you know, we believe ARR and free cash flow are the most important metrics to assess the performance of our business. To help investors understand our business performance, excluding the impact of FX volatility, we provide ARR guidance and disclose our ARR results on a constant currency basis. At the end of Q2, our constant currency ARR using our fiscal '25 planned FX rates was $2.326 billion, up 10% year-over-year. In Q2, our free cash flow was up 13% year-over-year as we continued to invest in our key focus areas. Note that the $279 million of free cash flow we generated also absorbed $3 million of outflows related to our go-to-market realignment. Turning to Slide 7, let's look at our constant currency ARR growth in more detail. Looking at our product groups, our ARR growth was 8% in CAD driven primarily by Creo and 11% in PLM driven by Windchill, Codebeamer and IoT. On a year-over-year basis, constant currency ARR grew by 9% in the Americas, 11% in Europe and 10% in Asia Pacific. Moving to Slide 8. We ended Q2 with cash and cash equivalents of $235 million. At the end of Q2, gross debt was $1.393 billion and we were 1.5x levered. We continued to diligently pay down our debt in Q2 with our gross debt balance decreasing by $155 million. And as expected, we retired $500 million of senior notes that were due in February with the draw on our revolver and cash on hand. In addition, we continued the disciplined and consistent execution of our $2 billion share repurchase program. And in Q2, we used $75 million of cash to repurchase 463,000 shares of our common stock. Given the consistency and predictability of our free cash flow generation, we aim to maintain a low cash balance. As such, assuming we have excess cash, we expect to return it to shareholders. The share repurchase authorization we now have in place gives us a lot of flexibility in how we do that. In line with what we said previously, we currently intend to buy back approximately $300 million of our common stock in fiscal '25, with another approximately $75 million of repurchases expected in Q3. Finally, our fully diluted share count in fiscal '24 was 121 million and we currently expect fully diluted shares to be approximately flat in fiscal '25. With that, I'll take you through our guidance on Slide 9. All of the ARR amounts on this slide are based on our fiscal '25 planned FX rates as of September 30, 2024. We've updated our guidance ranges for ARR, free cash flow, revenue and EPS to reflect our first half results and the potential for elevated macro uncertainty in the second half of our fiscal year. As Neil said, uncertainty in the macro environment could result in lengthened sales cycles and downsized deals. And we've decided to take a more conservative stance on how ARR may evolve in the second half of fiscal '25. I'll get into more detail on our constant currency ARR guide on the next 2 slides. On free cash flow, we've raised the low end of our guidance for the year by $5 million to $840 million. As a reminder, our fiscal '25 free cash flow guidance of $840 million to $850 million absorbs approximately $19 million of cash outflows for severance and consulting fees related to our go-to-market realignment. For Q3, we're guiding for free cash flow of $230 million to $235 million which absorbs approximately $4 million of cash outflows related to our go-to-market realignment. At this point, we have good visibility to the potential range of free cash flow for fiscal '25 for a few reasons. First and foremost, we've already generated approximately 60% of our full year free cash flow in the first half. Also, remember that Q4 is seasonally our lowest cash generation quarter. In fiscal '25, we expect largely similar invoicing seasonality compared to previous years and by the end of Q3, we'll have already built most of what we expect to collect for the remainder of this year. If we see a significant impact to customer demand later this year, you can expect us to respond with disciplined cost controls. In addition, costs associated with customer demand, for example, commissions and royalties would naturally come in lower, thereby mitigating the impact to our fiscal '25 free cash flow. It's worth pointing out that our free cash flow guidance is not on a constant currency basis, so it's important to be mindful of FX volatility. Approximately 45% of our ARR is transacted in foreign currencies and approximately 35% of our non-GAAP cost of revenue and operating expenses are transacted in foreign currencies, so we have somewhat of a natural hedge. That said, significant FX moves can still have an impact. We'll see how FX rates move as we progress through the year but at this point, we're comfortable with our free cash flow guidance for Q3 and fiscal '25 because of the levers that we have and continue -- that continue to be fully within our control. Importantly, we've maintained consistent billing practices over time. We primarily bill our customers annually upfront 1 year at a time regardless of contract term lengths. Over the medium term, we expect our free cash flow to grow faster than our ARR, with our non-GAAP operating expenses expected to grow at roughly half the rate of ARR. A basic tenet of our subscription business model and budgeting process is that there is natural operating leverage that we benefit from as our ARR grows. To help you with your models, we're providing revenue and EPS guidance. However, I'd like to reiterate my favorite reminder. ASC 606 makes revenue and EPS difficult to predict for PTC since we sell -- since we primarily sell on-premise subscriptions and the way revenue is recognized from these contracts can vary significantly based on variables that aren't necessarily relevant to the performance of the business. I did a teach-in on this subject on our Q4 of fiscal '22 earnings call that you may want to refer to if you're new to PTC. You can find that presentation on the Investors section of our website. The summary is we believe ARR and free cash flow rather than revenue and operating income to be the best metrics to assess the performance of our business. Turning to Slide 10. Here's an illustrative constant currency ARR model that shows our guidance for Q3 and Q4 in context. You can see our sequential net new ARR over the past 10 quarters. The 2 columns on the right illustrate that our guidance range for Q3 is for $30 million to $50 million of sequential net ARR growth and our guidance range for Q4 is for $55 million to $85 million of sequential net ARR growth. The year remains back-end loaded which is supported by the size and shape of our pipeline which is also influenced by the shape of the expiring base. In contrast to prior years, our expiring base was essentially flat in the first half of the year and is up almost 20% in the second half of the year. And even the second half is skewed more heavily to Q4. Again, the shape of the pipeline is not determined by the expiring base but it is influenced by it. As Neil said, we've not seen a significant change in customer demand. However, we are seeing a few early signs of customer caution given the macro uncertainty that our customers have experienced in recent weeks. With just 2 quarters remaining in our fiscal year, we've decided to take a more conservative stance on our full year guidance. I'll point out that for Q3 and Q4, the high ends of our sequential net new ARR guidance ranges are around or below the sequential net new ARR growth we've delivered in prior years. The low end of our guidance ranges allow for the potential that the macro conditions worsen significantly. Moving to Slide 11. Here's a similar illustrative model for fiscal '25. You can see our results over the past 3 years and the column on the right illustrates that we need $157 million to $207 million of net ARR growth this year to hit our fiscal '25 constant currency ARR guidance range. Note that fiscal '24 benefited by approximately $10 million due to deferred ARR. We expect churn to remain low in fiscal '25. Since transitioning to a subscription business model, our business has proved to be resilient because our customers need to maintain the software in order to continue designing and producing their products. While we sell to engineering, manufacturing and services departments, most of our business is focused on engineering where spending by our customers tends to be more protected. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Neil.
Neil Barua: Thanks, Kristian. Before we move into Q&A, let me step back for a moment to frame where we are. Our strategy remains absolutely consistent since I started, deepened customer value through PLM, ALM, SLM, CAD and SaaS; verticalized our go-to-market execution and lead innovation through applied generative AI and making our products work well together. We executed solidly in Q2, strengthening our pipeline, advancing our go-to-market transformation and enhancing our product portfolio. At the same time, we're being clear-eyed about the external environment. Global trade and macro volatility have intensified recently. And while customer urgency for digital transformation remains strong, decision-making can become more cautious during these periods. That's why we proactively adjusted our ARR range to account for potential timing shifts in deal closure and sizing. Fundamental structural customer demand for our products remains strong. Our free cash flow strength, margin discipline and financial resilience remain firmly intact. We feel great about our long-term opportunity and confident in the near-term discipline we're applying. With that, let's take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Daniel Jester with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Jester: I guess this is for Kristian. Maybe could you dive in a little bit deeper about how you constructed the downside scenario for the 7% ARR? Any additional color about what that assumes from a macro perspective or deal size delay, et cetera, would be very helpful.
Neil Barua: Yes, thanks for the question. This is Neil. Let me start and then Kristian can add on how we did this. So as we saw -- let me start with the framework of the 10% to 9%. Again, to reiterate, we feel and see a strong pipeline as we've been entering into the second half. We continue to see that. As of the early April time frame, when we all got hit with a lot of news and impact that's really centered around our customer base around trade policy and macro conditions, we've been in conversations with customers that are indicating things like I was on with the exec team of a large medical device company that says, "We're moving down the path with all of you on the PLM expansion that we need to do. But when we get to sign the contract in Q4, we might, if this continued environment persists, need to make it a smaller chunk first and do a bigger chunk later when there's more clarity." So we're in these conversations. Again, it's not broad-based but it's enough for us to say we look at the pipeline, we've assessed the end markets, the geographies and said, "You know what, the 10% is a stretch. Let's bring that top end down to 9% based on what we're seeing." Now on the low-end side, we took it to 7%. We did 2 things with the assessment of the 7% in our understanding of how to portray that to all of you. Number one is we did a bottoms-up view. And you'll hear hopefully from Rob in Q&A as well, where the pipeline quality and the velocity of it is incrementally getting better. We've been doing that for multiple years. But this quarter, we really went into what does that pipeline look like; when will the conversions actually hit net new ARR in Q3, Q4; what are the end markets; what's related to a renewal; what's not. And when we did that assessment and looked at, in particular, the industrial manufacturing segment in the United States as one example or the automotive or auto parts segments and we thought through a really worsening condition of macro where nothing gets resolved. There's no trade deals that get announced in the next 30 to 60 days. Other factors increased greater uncertainty. We factored that into thinking what could be a downside case if people moved out projects or made projects even smaller than what is our current understanding of the environment. So we did a bottoms up. Then we did a tops-down view of what was the worst environment and what happened at PTC when other crises came about, in 2009, during the pandemic and we looked at that. And we said, you know what, if all of those things hit in the same similar manner, that 7% is an extremely good floor for what we see currently to put as the low end. And to be crystal clear, to answer your question, when we think about the 7%, it would need to have significant deterioration of things that we're seeing to actually be put into practice from our customer perspective on how they buy from us. We're not seeing it yet but we want to proactively tell you things what -- that we're working on and make it visible on the things that we can't control, i.e., the macro conditions that might get worse or better, quite frankly, over the next 5 months as we close out the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Borg with Stifel.
Adam Borg: Maybe for Rob on the go to market. I'd love to talk a little bit more about -- just on the steps that have been taken, the confidence that you have, the internal indicators you're looking at to see that the go-to-market changes are indeed working and of course, Neil, chime in as well.
Robert Dahdah: Thanks for the question. Top line is I'm really pleased with all the work that's been done and that we put into play here just over the last 90 days, for sure. When you think about what we started, we took -- we pivoted the full-standing field organization to a vertical approach. And that required a lot of movement and I'm proud to say the team really came through well. We did it with low churn, customer churn. We retained all of our top talent and a highly tenured sales organization, very low drama and we delivered on the quarter. So I think, overall, we feel really good about the foundation that's been -- that was planned for, frankly and then delivered and executed on in the last quarter. It really sets us up well for our future growth trajectory that allows for just more conversations with our customers, more outcomes-focused discussions and hopefully, a greater trajectory which we're seeing a little bit here early on the pipe. So overall, very pleased.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia with Barclays Capital.
Saket Kalia: Kristian, maybe for you. First off, good to see this year's free cash flow midpoint go up. Maybe as we think about the $1 billion in free cash flow next year, just appreciating that it's a very different macro, what are some of the puts and takes that you want us to think about with that target as we just think about kind of the more prudent ARR outlook for this year? Does that make sense?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, I think it's a fair question. I think it's definitely premature to really be answering it. We need to, first of all, finish out this year and see where we actually end up. We need to get through the annual planning process as well which has not happened yet. We need to look at some other factors like what's going to happen with interest rates, what's going to happen with tax policy, what's going to happen with foreign exchange rates. So I think those are some of the variables that we're looking at and contemplating.
Neil Barua: Yes. Saket, thanks for the question, too. I'd like to add, the go-to-market transformation, again, 1 quarter in, as you heard Rob, he's feeling the momentum. That needs to continue as we build and see that actually relate to how the pipeline is and the conversion rates and as we build that up organically here at the business. We also have to take a look at what happens in the macro environment, right and changes that are happening relatively rapidly. Some good. Maybe some bad. So we're putting that all into the mixer and making sure, as we come out, the framework, I think, still holds that we've been talking about. But all those details need to be squared away to make sure we put our best foot forward as we talk to you guys about next year. I will say, from a confidence perspective, hopefully, you've seen it, Saket, that delivering this type of free cash flow in an environment where our current guidance range is now 7% to 9% is a really strong indication of the strong execution culture we've built in this company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Siti Panigrahi with Mizuho.
Siti Panigrahi: And Neil, thanks for that clear explanation about what you're seeing with customer. I wanted to ask you, in this kind of environment, how are your discussion going on with your customer in terms of AI adopts and you guys introduced some of those AI products, both in Windchill and even ServiceMax and other areas as well. So how are the discussion going in terms of them adopting AI in this kind of environment?
Neil Barua: Yes, it's a great question and it's -- if you were watching us in Hannover Messe when we announced Windchill AI, showed the world Codebeamer AI and obviously, as we talked about ServiceMax AI alongside the Onshape AI Advisor, we've got a full stable of launches and proof points that we're putting on to the marketplace. So a lot of great innovation the team's doing. A lot of great customer reception. It was standing room only in terms of the things that our customers were seeing, prospects were seeing around our AI capabilities. I think the major thing that we're learning through this process is that, as we mentioned a few quarters ago, this product data foundation that our core systems allow our customers to achieve with PLM, CAD, ALM, SLM, having that is absolutely critical for getting the best use of generative AI. So those 2 factors, a great generative AI product innovation that we're now showing to our customers, getting feedback from our customers, relating back to how do you really supercharge that, well, put together a great PLM system across your enterprise or ALM system across your enterprise, the 2 is the differentiator for PTC. And it's highly valuable and we believe it's going to be an ultimate growth driver that results in ARR growth over the midterm and long term. I think in the near term, to summarize, customers are still interested. They're far more engaged this quarter than they were last quarter given our launches. But our view is it will take some time for the biggest bite sizes of generative AI to take hold. It will happen but it will happen more methodically over the course of the next 12 to 24 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Wong with Oppenheimer.
Ken Wong: This one's for you, Kristian, somewhat building on Dan's question earlier. As you think about that 7% range and that requiring significant erosion in macro, any way to frame some of the moving pieces financially in terms of churn? And I think in the past, during COVID, you guys had talked about net new ARR down a certain amount. Like how should we think about what are some of the components that would go into getting to that 7%?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Thanks, it's a good question. I would say that, first of all, the churn has been low now for a couple of years. We expect it to continue to remain low. Even in some of the prior macro situations that the company has been in, we haven't actually seen significant increases in churn rates. So it really is more down to new business and how that is coming in. Again, is it smaller bite-sized chunks, et cetera, et cetera? So yes.
Neil Barua: And just to add to this, we chose to give this guidance range different than some others out there that are still looking at the environment. We want to be proactive about it. And the way you look at -- if you think about the Q4 number to your question, the low end is $55 million in that new ARR. The high end is $85 million, right, at 9%. Last Q4, we did $84 million. In 2023, we did $76 million. And so when we look at that $20 million or so downside protection, we did that bottoms-up view. We know every customer and made assessments around what could push, what could get smaller bite sized. And then to your question on other crises, we looked at what happened in those other really dramatic crises which, quite frankly, I don't believe personally that, that will happen in this go-around. But if it does, what we saw was a 20% to 30% reduction in conversion rates when things really fell apart in the industry. So top-down, bottoms-up, we came to -- that $20 million risk is a good risk profile if things get materially worse in Q4 -- Q3, Q4.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. And you'd see it more broadly across the business and throughout the channel and elsewhere in the direct space. It's not just the biggest deals in that case.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: So one of your competitors talked about seeing some positives in deal activity at the end of March but then things kind of normalized in April. It doesn't sound like a dynamic that you're kind of talking about today. But is this something that you saw? Just curious on how some of that demand activity might have changed. Neil, I know you talked about some of the convos you've been in but curious on this specifically.
Neil Barua: Yes, I couldn't make sense of what our competitors said on that front. But in terms of our business, most importantly, we had a solid quarter in Q2. Like look at the customer appendix slides, some, by the way, disruptive moves that we did, competitive displacements that were made with real sizable accounts, right? So strong demand environment. I want to reiterate, we've entered Q3. We continue to see an extremely strong -- a good, strong, high-quality pipeline that we're continuing to build upon with Rob's hard work here. So we feel like the demand environment is solid. What we're portraying in this new guidance range is making sure these initial conversations of uncertainty in end markets that are most impacted by the trade policy, we're just being prudent and making sure we're ahead of it as they actually formulate themselves. If they do, this is the range that we see.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Neil, Kristian, Rob, perhaps almost irrespective of the tariffs morass, maybe we can talk about the underlying growth dynamics of the business organically. For instance, when we think about your 2 largest pillars, CAD and PLM, it would seem that the active base growth there for each is in the mid-single digits and that seems likely to continue if churn remains low. So over and above that mid-single digit for your 2 largest businesses, how are you thinking about perhaps pricing or pricing power? Dassault is going to be raising prices 2% to 5% in July. Does that give you some cover for pricing for yourselves? How are you thinking about ongoing cross-sell opportunities with ALM, SLM and so forth? Or on the other hand, does the new environment mean that customers will begin to disaggregate the deals and do maybe 1 3-letter acronym at a time?
Neil Barua: Jay, let me start with the demand and call it, the seat size side of the equation and then Kristian or Rob can talk about the commercial optimization piece. The vertical approach that we undertook at the beginning of the year, the go-to-market transmission is all intended to ensure we're capturing more wallet share in the verticals that we're strong in and have a concise determined effort led by Rob to make sure that we execute better across that demand opportunity that is getting better on a monthly basis because deal transformation is getting more urgent. That is the premise of the work that we're putting, hard work that we're putting in. That's going to take a few quarters to really see the fruits of that labor but is to expand the utilization of Windchill, to expand the utilization of Creo, to cross sell ALM, to think about SLM being integrated in a vertical approach, by the way, supplemented by a solid generative AI technology layer that really leverages all that great system work that we've got. That's like still in the work and in the future. That being said, in Q2, you saw again examples of, I think if you looked at the bullets, CAD consolidation, right? So in many of these cases, we're going into a vertical approach and saying, "Can you consolidate your CAD?" We saw that happen in Q2. The methodical way that Rob, CK are making sure that this happens is the biggest impetus of why we did this go-to-market transformation and that's our North Star. Commercial optimization, do you guys want to -- Rob, do you want to start and then...
Robert Dahdah: Yes. I mean, where we can come in behind that and just extra structure is to make sure that the comp plans are aligned to support those moves and we have the folks bought in at the field level. And it's doing the right thing by the customer and the company rewards them as well. And so that's a very important part of it. So we have alignment there and we'll continue to work to make sure that that's set up well, especially as we develop really strong outcomes-oriented talk tracks that we can engage with our customers on. Historically, at a horizontal level, some of the positioning was really from our perspective out to the customer. When you start talking in the vertical format, you start talking back from the customer's problem that you're trying to solve to the way we can help them solve it. And so that really adds extra credibility to the discussion and elevates the conversation. And I think we're in a good position there as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nay Soe Naing with Berenberg.
Nay Soe Naing: If I could start with some of the conversations, customer conversations that you mentioned that suggests that you might have some of the deals postponed or the deal sizes come in smaller than what you'd expected. You called out an example on the med tech end market. I was wondering, are these conversations happening across the board? Or are these conversations happening more so in some of the verticals than others? If you could also comment from a geo perspective between CAD and PLM, that would be super helpful. And then my second part of the question is the top end of the guide now, 9%, can I ask, what is assumed in that, please? Is it that the current macro uncertainty continues for H2? Or what would happen if we have meaningful global trade agreements in this quarter and next quarter, please?
Neil Barua: Yes. So great question. Really glad you asked it. The -- I'd start with the first part of your question around the conversations we're having. They are idiosyncratic based on where the customer is and the level of the transformation and the competitive positioning that they're under, right? So as an example, I can't make a broad brush statement that says we're having conversations with automotive OEMs that are all pulling guidance and they are all now telling us they're going to stop buying from any of the software vendors because they're in paralysis mode. In some cases, we actually announced something this morning, Schaeffler, one of the largest industrial parts manufacturers that actually is very centered around the automotive market, they just did a massive strategic partnership deal, multiyear deal that's going to transform them to our SaaS framework. And you might question, well, why would they sign something like that in this type of environment? Well, because they have now understood that they've got to be even more nimble in this environment. And so they've moved forward with that. In other cases, there could be automotive OEMs or parts manufacturers which, again, this is the pipeline work we've done where they're earlier on in their diligence of how much they want to transform and they're doing a lot of work about why Windchill could help them. And they're coming to us and saying, "This sounds great. We're down the path of selecting someone. It's going to take another 4 weeks to select it." But at the end of the 4 weeks, if this tariff issue does not get resolved or is still unclear the way it currently is to them, we might have to pull back and this might push into Q1 of next year or I might take a smaller chunk. And so there is no broad brush of -- within Japan or EMEA or North America. There is patterns across everyone that it could standardize on but we're staying very close to them on a pipeline opportunity perspective by pipeline opportunity. So that's number one. On your second part of how we got from 10% to 9% and if things get better, could they get better than 9%, our view is we have already lost 30 days. Since April 3 or April 4, the current conversations and when we -- I was on with the exec team of a large food processing equipment manufacturer, one of the largest ones in the world out of Europe this morning. They are clearly going to move forward with digital transformation but they're, right now, trying to figure out where to send excess supply to before the reciprocal tariffs might get taken off the table. And so they're like, "Over the next 6 weeks, we just can't do anything other than figure out how we move supply around the world. We'll come back to digital transformation after. Hopefully, the trade policies get squared away." Assume they all get squared away, we still believe, at this current time, we've lost some time in the 5 months left we have in the quarter. Again, very different than other companies that have 12/31. We only have 5 months left, hence, the range of 7% to 9%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Tilton with Wolfe Research.
Joshua Tilton: Guys, can you hear me?
Neil Barua: We can hear you.
Joshua Tilton: Also 2 parts and sorry to keep pounding on the guidance. But I guess, hypothetically, if you guys have 10 customers and 3 customers or you're having these conversations with where it suggests things can get rightsized or delayed, does the midpoint of that 7% to 9% range, does that assume that just those 3 customers push out? Or is there cushion within the midpoint of the guidance for those conversations that you're having today to kind of be more broader-based? And then the second part of my question is I go back to kind of a follow-up to the last one. These conversations that you're having to customers, are they really so scary that what was previously the low end of the guidance last quarter has now become the high end of the guidance?
Neil Barua: So let me start with the last question first. The situation that has started for all of us particularly and most importantly, the end markets that PTC serves has been dramatic since April 4. This is -- you guys are watching it. Guidance is being pulled from a lot of our end market customers. That means they don't know what they're going to do or what they see in even the subsequent quarter. That then relates to conversation that says what are the things we absolutely need to do and what are the things that are nice to do. And in some cases, working with PTC, signing on the dotted line to expand their technology with PTC is a must-have to be competitive even in this tough environment, hence, where we sit in our 7% to 9% range. But in other scenarios, it really could mean a delay or extending out the time period they decide or making a smaller decision. So I wouldn't say they're scary. We've been in other crises. I've done this multiple times and this team is experienced enough to do it as well. This has been very impactful to our end market customers from their ability to decide clearly, how to think about their business and where to invest for the future. Hopefully, that gets taken care of and there's more certainty as the weeks progress and trade deals are announced and people know how to navigate with discipline around the guide rails that they run their business. On how you should think about it, look, we want to be really transparent with all of you. It's a 7% to 9% range. I think we did a lot of justice, hopefully on this call, around the ways in which 7% on the lowest end can look like, the ways we're looking at that. We also mentioned that 9% coming into this quarter, we had pipeline that's really strong on our original guide. We also have mentioned this go-to-market transformation is starting to hit stride. It's going to take multiple quarters to show it but that's on track. We also said the strategic priorities of the company have been working well. You saw that in Q2 in terms of how customers are buying. And so we're working really hard to make sure we capture as much demand as possible off of that pipeline, hence, our range and how we see it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tyler Radke with Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Pierre [ph] on the line for Tyler Radke. Just a quick one for me. On the macro uncertainty, I was just wondering if you're seeing a risk uncertainty for a specific product or if it's in a specific vertical, if there's any more color you have to provide on that at all.
Neil Barua: Yes, this is not product related. We have -- all of our products, fortunately, are mission-critical products that the world uses and we all rely upon these companies to produce things out there. And so our products are the underpinning of the great products that are out there in the world. So that's -- it's not a product-specific issue. This is just how do customers think about investment decisions in light of uncertainty around the guardrails that they need to understand to run their businesses, right, what the supply chain looks like, what their input costs look like, et cetera, et cetera, where manufacturing resides which is all things that they are now needing to contemplate in light of what happened at the beginning of April. So that's like from that standpoint. And then two, I think that covers probably both questions there.
Operator: I will turn the call back over to Neil Barua for closing remarks. Please stay on the line.
Neil Barua: Sure. Thank you, everyone, for joining us and for your questions today. We'll be on the road in the weeks ahead, participating in investor conferences. In May, Kristian will attend the JPMorgan Conference in Boston and Matt will attend the Bank of America Conference in New York. In June, Kristian will attend the Baird Conference in New York, the Wolfe Virtual Conference and the BMO Virtual Conference. Amit Jain will participate in the Rosenblatt Virtual Conference and Matt will attend Mizuho Conference in New York. Kristian and I will host 2 investor visits, Rob might join us, too, to our headquarters in Boston. For the May visit, you could reach out to RBC and for the June visit, you can reach out to Stifel. Thank you again for the engagement today. Look forward to speaking to you all soon.
Kristian Talvitie: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q1  (2025-02-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to PTC’s 2025 First Quarter Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Shimao, PTC’s Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matt Shimao: Good afternoon. Thank you, Sarah, and welcome to PTC’s 2025 first quarter conference call. On the call today are Neil Barua, Chief Executive Officer; and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast, and the replay of the call will be available later today at www.ptc.com. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC’s annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in today’s press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call, are valid only as of today’s date, February 5, 2025, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today’s press release made available on our website. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to PTC’s Chief Executive Officer, Neil Barua.
Neil Barua: Thank you, Matt, and good afternoon, everyone. PTC started fiscal 2025 as anticipated, with our first quarter results coming in slightly better than the guidance we provided, which contemplated a difficult macro and our go-to-market changes. The consistency of our ARR and free cash flow underscores the strength of our diversified business model and our discipline focus on execution. While we continue to see a sluggish selling environment in Q1, I am pleased with the intensity we have internally to ensure we exit fiscal 2025 with increased momentum. This includes the focus we have on our go-to-market transformation, as well as many important purposeful product releases, augmented by the work we are doing in AI. I’ll share more on these key business initiatives during my comments today. For fiscal 2025, we’ve reiterated our ARR and free cash flow guidance ranges, and we think the guidance we provide for Q2 and the full year is appropriate. Kristian will take you through the details. Turning to Slide 4. First off, I’d like to provide an update on the changes we announced last quarter to our go-to-market organization. We’ve made significant progress reshaping our approach to be vertically oriented and the changes are energizing our team and customers. These efforts are designed to align us with our long-term growth opportunities and ensure we remain well-positioned to deliver value for our customers and shareholders. As part of this transformation, we welcomed Rob Dahdah as our Chief Revenue Officer in December. Rob’s reputation for excellence in enterprise software is already evident. His impact on the sales team and his focus on performance standards are in early stages and showing promise. Rob is also instilling greater alignment across our sales, customer success, and marketing teams, setting the stage for sustained growth over time. In addition to Rob, we’ve added key leadership roles in growth marketing, technical enablement, sales enablement, and customer success. These hires bring fresh perspectives and high standards, and their mandate is to raise the bar across our organization. Our vertical approach and organizational changes will take time to bear fruit, and we expect to be hitting our stride as we exit the year. To be clear, these efforts are critical to delivering sustainable, low-double-digit ARR growth. I’m encouraged by what I’m seeing so far. There is a step change in focus and speed, and we will not take our foot off the pedal. Let’s move down to Slide 5, which highlights our product portfolio and strategy. Our customers need to introduce new products at a faster pace and with higher quality, even as product complexity increases. That’s not possible without digital transformation across their workflows, which is what our products enable. We’re focusing our resources and attention on the five core areas of our portfolio that we believe can create the greatest customer value. As a reminder, these five focus areas are: PLM, which is driven primarily by our Windchill product; ALM, which is driven by our Codebeamer product; SLM, which is primarily driven by our ServiceMax product; CAD, which is driven primarily by our Creo product; And lastly, our continued focus on SaaS. Today, I’d like to highlight some exciting new advancements across these focus areas. Starting with PLM, with Windchill Navigate view work instructions, we’re extending 3D digital work instructions from PLM to shop floor employees, enabling our customers to get more value from their product data. In ALM, we’re excited about the upcoming release of Codebeamer 3.0, which will further extend the scalability and capabilities of our market-leading ALM solution. In SLM, just this past quarter, we achieved FedRAMP certification for ServiceMax, a critical milestone that opens new opportunities in our FA&D vertical. In CAD, Creo-12 leapfrogs the competition in composite structure design and adds thermal physics to our AI-driven generative design engine. Both of these are embedded modules within Creo and open up new use cases for highly innovative designs. And also in SaaS, Onshape, the industry’s only cloud-native SaaS platform for CAD and PDM, also continues to advance, delivering significant new releases at a remarkable place, 17 over the past year, including cloud-native CAM and advanced surfacing tools. We are also further differentiating our core offerings with AI, and we’re encouraged by the opportunity this presents. So let’s get into this area. We believe the industries we serve over time will be fundamentally transformed by AI, and PTC is in a great position to be a leader on this front. The promise of AI is based on access to data and putting it to use. PTC solutions are used to create, manage, and share the product data that is at the heart of our customers’ businesses. This could be design data in Creo, requirements data in Codebeamer, bills of material data in Windchill, or service history data in ServiceMax. We are advantaged in that we have decades of experience with how our customers use this data in their everyday operations and the impact that it has on workflows, speed of development, product quality, and employee productivity. Our understanding of how this data is stored, accessed, and used in our products has been our blueprint for applying AI. It’s our secret sauce. Throughout 2024, I said PTC is taking a practical and value-based approach to AI for our customers. We’ve been hard at work on this front, and have identified the most prominent applications and use cases for AI across our portfolio. In concert with customer feedback, our offerings operate in assistant-like capacities, allowing customers to interrogate the data in their systems to confirm information, accelerate workflows, and automate tasks, such as proactively notifying engineers of a design or requirements change. These AI offerings will also have specialized AI agents embedded in them. These agents will map to specific domain workflows and data sources within engineering, manufacturing, and service, and they’ll intelligently interact behind the scenes, connecting information across their specialty domains to serve up the best information or complete a task. I’m pleased to share that the first of these offerings will launch next week with ServiceMax. The ServiceMax AI offering includes several agents that assist with scheduling, service delivery, and workforce enablement. This offering was in beta mode for much of 2024 with top ServiceMax customers, and now it’s ready for everyone. These AI agents have access to all the data stored in a ServiceMax instance, and technicians can’t ever interact with them through natural language. Using the latest Gen AI technology, the agents can answer questions about a specific job or asset, automate manual documentation, and scheduling tasks, and review proactive recommendations for predictive maintenance. The main goal here is greater efficiency for technicians, doing more and less time. As part of this launch, we’re introducing a new ServiceMax AI SKU, which will be the entry point for AI powered features. This will be per user, per month subscription charge, which is what ServiceMax customers are used to. Our ServiceMax roadmap for fiscal 2025 includes other AI powered features and capabilities based on large language models that can be accessed by the same ServiceMax AI SKU. We believe that more ways of accessing AI powered features will lead to more adoption and happier customers. This will allow us to learn faster and continue to improve the offerings and pricing models. In addition, we have been testing a beta version of generative AI features in Codebeamer with Volkswagen Group and Microsoft, which we demonstrated at Microsoft’s Ignite event in November to much fanfare. Based on customer feedback, I’m excited around the real potential for AI here, because of Codebeamer’s importance to software-defined product strategies for so many of our customers. These customers store their hardware and software requirements data in Codebeamer, critical for the overall product development process and for meeting regulatory and safety requirements. These new AI features will help engineering teams improve the quality of the requirements, remove duplicate requirements, and compare newer requirements against existing quality standards. We’re also hard at work on incremental AI functionality within Windchill, Creo, Onshape, Arena, Servigistics, and other products and you can expect previews at upcoming events such as HMI and the Paris Air Show. Ultimately, with the value they’ll provide, the goal of our AI offerings is to draw on new customers, encourage upgrades with existing customers, and become even more critical to day-to-day workflows. Turning now to some customer examples from Q1 that highlight our core offerings. Moving to Slide 6, we’ve previously talked about our opportunity to cross-sell Codebeamer ALM to our base of Windchill customers as products of all types become increasingly software driven. The two products, Windchill and Codebeamer, in a customer environment, working together is highly differentiated in our space, an area we are investing in. Today’s first customer story highlights this theme. This medtech customer has been leveraging Windchill to help drive their business since 2017, deploying it broadly beyond core engineering as a platform to enable enterprise-wide collaboration and accelerate time to market. Software defined products are a focus area for this customer as software has become a key driver of their product differentiation. In fact, their main products are software upgradable, and they are able to charge their customers for software upgrades that have value to existing products. At the same time, the opportunity for software-driven product growth comes with new challenges associated with managing the rapid expansion in the number of unique software configurations that need to be developed and updated over time. This customer needs help managing all of these software variants and releases, and that is why they are now focused on modernizing their current fragmented ALM system and expanding their use of ALM. They decided to standardize on Codebeamer, displacing two legacy ALM vendors. Cross-selling was a key part of this deal. This customer is a happy user of Windchill and Codebeamer’s future roadmap aligns with their future plans. Furthermore, the medtech vertical is similar to verticals including automotive and federal, aerospace and defense in that there’s an additional catalyst driving the adoption of Codebeamer, regulatory and safety compliance. With a rapid increase of software that is embedded in hardware components, companies are looking for tools to help ensure and automate their regulatory compliance processes. Traceability is required for safety critical, highly regulated industries and Codebeamer is the most modern ALM product that enables this in an agile development environment. Beyond this specific customer example, 27 of the top 30 public medical device manufacturers use PTC in some fashion. and we believe we are well positioned to expand our footprint and grow our Codebeamer business in this vertical. ALM represents a really interesting growth opportunity across multiple verticals in alignment with our PLM focus. As such, we have been increasing our investments in Codebeamer, working alongside Creo and Windchill to accelerate our leadership. Turning to our next customer story on Slide 7. This customer is in the federal, aerospace and defense vertical and is a good example of a well-established company that continues to invest in digital transformation to drive market leadership in a competitive high growth environment. This customer seeks strong growth and demand and needs to increase production. In addition, their customers are asking for state-of-the-art products that are at the boundary of what is physically possible. We’re talking about designs where a small amount of wind resistance makes a very big difference. To tackle these challenges, this customer needs a best-in-class tool, and that’s why they chose Creo for design engineering and Windchill as their enterprise backbone for their product data. Design excellence is in focus for this customer, because this is in R&D-centric enterprise and they depend on improvements in design engineering to stay competitive. To further add to their capabilities, they will continue to invest in advanced Creo modules, including Creo Simulation Live, Composites, and Generative Design. These modules will help this customer produce lighter weight products with higher quality at a faster pace using less materials. This customer is also continuing to expand its Windchill system as an enterprise platform to drive collaboration around real-time trusted product data. They have provided Windchill product data access to operational functions, including supply chain, quality, sales and service. Usage has gone viral, driving productivity gains. These outcomes are leading to a large follow-on order for more seats, as well as further expansion to employees on the factory floor. Currently, approximately 70% of this customer’s employee base benefits from having access to product data in Windchill, and this customer’s Creo and Windchill ARR has grown significantly, with more room to run. In closing, I remain immensely optimistic about where PTC is heading. Our focus strategic initiatives are gaining traction and we are driving purposeful innovations that are resonating with customers. Combine that with transformative go-to-market changes and a focus on accountability in everything we do and you can understand why we are energized. Thank you for your support and interest in PTC. Kristian, over to you.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Neil, and hello, everyone. Starting off with Slide 9, our ARR and free cash flow results in Q1 were in line with our guidance. As you know, we believe ARR and free cash flow are the most important metrics to assess the performance of our business. To help investors understand our business performance, excluding the impact of FX volatility, we provide ARR guidance and disclose our ARR results on a constant currency basis. At the end of Q1 2025, our constant currency ARR using our fiscal 2025 plan FX rates was $2.277 billion, up 11% year-over-year. In Q1, we saw a continuation of the challenging selling environment we’ve been experiencing for a couple of years now, and this continues to impact close rates. Also consistent with our expectations from a quarter ago, our constant currency ARR growth in Q1 was impacted by two factors, which we called out on our previous earnings call. The first factor was the linearity of deferred ARR in fiscal 2025, and the second factor was a couple of contracts that resulted in churn in Q1, which are contracted to come back into ARR later this fiscal year. Moving on to cash flow. In Q1, our free cash flow was up 29% year-over-year as we continued to invest in our key focus areas at the same time. Note that the $236 million of free cash flow we generated in Q1 absorbed $11 million of outflows related to our go-to-market realignment, which is in line with our expectations. Turning to Slide 10. Let’s look at our constant currency ARR growth in more detail. Looking at our product groups, our constant currency ARR year-over-year growth was 9% in CAD, driven primarily by Creo, and 11% in PLM, primarily driven by Windchill, Codebeamer, IoT, and ServiceMax. On a year-over-year basis, constant currency ARR grew by 9% in the Americas and 12% in both Europe and Asia Pacific. Our ARR growth is based on our unique product portfolio, which aligns with the digital transformation needs of our customers. Despite the overall selling environment, our top-line has shown good resilience, supported by our subscription model, low churn rate, and the propensity for our customer base to prioritize their R&D investments through challenging times. Turning to Slide 11, we ended Q1 with cash and cash equivalents of $196 million. At the end of Q1, gross debt was $1.548 billion, and we were 1.7 times levered. We continue to diligently pay down our debt, and we’ve started to buy back shares under our $2 billion share repurchase program. During Q1, we paid down our debt by $205 million and used $75 million of cash to repurchase 383,000 shares of our common stock. As you all know, we have a $500 million bond that’s coming due in February, which we intend to retire upon expiration with cash on hand and by drawing on our revolving credit facility. Given the consistency and predictability of the business, we aim to maintain a low cash balance. As such, assuming we have excess cash, we expect to return it to shareholders. The authorization we now have in place gives us a lot of flexibility in how we do that. In line with what we’ve said previously, we currently intend to buy back approximately $300 million of our common stock in fiscal 2025, with another approximately $75 million of repurchases expected in Q2. Our long-term goal, assuming our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is below 3 times, remains to return approximately 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders via share repurchases, while also taking into consideration the interest rate environment, and strategic opportunities. Finally, our fully diluted share count in fiscal 2024 was $121 million, and we currently expect fully diluted shares to be approximately flat in fiscal 2025. With that, I’ll take you through our guidance on Slide 12. All of the ARR amounts on this slide are based on our fiscal 2025 plan rates as of September 30, 2024. For constant currency ARR, given our differentiated product portfolio, the resilience of our subscription business model, the actions we’ve taken over time to align our investments with market opportunities and allowing that our go-to-market changes are expected to take time to have their intended effect. We expect growth of approximately 9% to 10% percent for fiscal 2025 and approximately 9.5% for Q2 of fiscal 2025. I’ll get into more detail on constant currency ARR on the next two slides. On cash flow, we’re guiding the free cash flow of $835 million to $850 million in fiscal 2025, which absorbs the approximately $20 million of cash outflows for severance and consulting fees related to our go-to-market realignment we’ve discussed previously. We’re not calling out a restructuring charge, so all of this will flow through the sales and marketing and cost of revenue lines on our P&L. As we’ve said previously, this is not a cost cutting exercise. We’re reinvesting in our go-to-market organization with a focus on the areas we believe deliver the greatest value to our customers. In fiscal 2025, we expect largely similar invoicing seasonality compared to the previous four years. Based on this and our expected cash outflows, we expect approximately 60% of our free cash flow to be generated in the first half of the year and for fiscal Q4 to be our lowest cash flow generation quarter. For Q2 of fiscal 2025, we’re guiding for free cash flow of approximately $270 million, which absorbs approximately $4 million of the $20 million of total outflows related to our go-to-market realignment. Note that our cash flow guidance is not on a constant currency basis, so FX fluctuations can have an impact in either direction. Approximately 45% of our ARR is transacted in foreign currencies and approximately 35% of our non-GAAP cost of revenue and operating expenses are transacted in foreign currencies, so we have somewhat of a natural hedge. That said, significant FX moves can have an impact, and we’re seeing some of that pressure this year. We’ll see how FX rates move as we progress through the year. But at this point, we still feel comfortable with our cash flow guidance for Q2 and for fiscal 2025. While changes in FX, interest rates, and tax regulations can be difficult to predict, we have a high degree of confidence in our free cash flow forecasting process due to the predictability of our cash collections and the disciplined budgeting structure we have in place. Importantly, we’ve maintained consistent billing practices over time. We primarily bill our customers annually upfront 1 year at a time regardless of contract term lengths. So our free cash flow results over time are comparable. Furthermore, over the past 5 years we’ve optimized our internal budgeting process. It starts with having a subscription business model that generates predictable cash inflows. Then, we begin each fiscal year by funding our business for growth at the low end of our internal ARR forecast. As the year progresses, we maintain or increase that level of funding based on the growth dynamics we’re seeing. By proceeding in this manner, we’re able to match our investments to the market environment in an agile way, while also delivering predictable free cash flow. That said, we would not do anything that impacts the long-term prospects of the business, because of short-term FX movements. Over the medium-term, we continue to expect our free cash flow to grow faster than our ARR, with non-GAAP operating expenses expected to grow at roughly half the rate of ARR. A basic tenet of our subscription business model and budgeting process is that there’s natural operating leverage that we benefit from as our ARR grows. To help you with your models, we’re providing revenue and EPS guidance. However, I’d like to reiterate my favorite reminder, ASC 606 makes revenue and EPS difficult to predict for PTC since we primarily sell on-premise subscription, and the way revenue is recognized from these contracts can vary significantly based on variables that aren’t necessarily relevant to the performance of the business. I did a teach-in on this subject on our Q4 fiscal 2022 call that you may want to refer to if you’re new to PTC. You can find the presentation on the investor section of our website. The summary is, we believe ARR and free cash flow, rather than revenue and operating income, are the best metrics to assess the performance of our business. Next, on Slide 13, here’s an illustrative constant currency ARR model for Q2. This slide shows our sequential net new ARR over the past couple of years, and the column on the far right illustrates that we need $44 million of sequential net new ARR growth to hit 9.5% growth for Q2. Obviously, it’s impossible to predict any given quarter with that level of precision, and we’re being mindful of the macro environment and the go-to-market changes we’re making. As you know, based on our results over the past few years, our net new ARR can be somewhat volatile in any given quarter, given dynamics such as the timing of new bookings, the timing of renewals, the timing of deferred ARR starting, how much of our new bookings in any given quarter, starts in the quarter, how much churn we expect in any given quarter, et cetera. It’s not unusual to see quarterly volatility in our sequential net new ARR results. Importantly, we expect churn to remain low throughout fiscal 2025. Also, as we make incremental investment decisions over the course of a fiscal year, we continue to focus on our internal forecast for the full year on net new ARR growth. Moving to Slide 14, here’s a similar illustrative model for fiscal 2025. You can see our results over the past 3 years, and the column on the right illustrates that we need $214 million of net new ARR this year to hit the midpoint of our fiscal 2025 constant currency ARR guidance range. This range, along with our Q1 results and Q2 guidance, obviously indicates back half-loaded year, which is supported by our pipeline and our internal forecast. Our pipeline continues to grow, and we have a significant stable of large opportunities in our Q3 and Q4. At the midpoint of our range, we would be adding approximately $20 million less net new ARR in fiscal 2025 compared to 2024, and approximately $5 million less than in fiscal 2023 and 2022. Note that fiscal 2024 benefited from approximately $10 million due to incremental deferred ARR in that year. Adjusting for that, our fiscal 25 guidance midpoint indicates approximately flattish net new ARR growth compared to fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022. I think this point highlights exactly why we’re evolving our go-to-market organization this year. We’re hard at work with this evolution, augmented with new product releases such as the ones that Neil outlined earlier to ensure that we exit this year with momentum to drive net new ARR growth into fiscal 2026 and beyond. In the meantime, our business model is resilient and we continue to believe the right guidance range for fiscal 2025 constant currency ARR growth is 9% to 10%. In conclusion, PTC has a strong product portfolio and strategy, a track record of operational discipline and clear value creation opportunities. We’re focused on what matters most for our customers and we are aligning our operations so that we can scale our business in a consistent manner. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to the operator for today’s Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Neil, your various comments on new products or product expansions are quite interesting to me. And one thing I’d like to ask about is your comments about the AI product specifically. Maybe you could talk about how you’re organizing and investing in those. Is this a segment or product specific development effort? Is it a central AI group that is managing all of these developments? So there’s some commonality within the company for your AI proliferation. And then just to finish up on the product side, you alluded to some expansion into manufacturing process. This is something that two of your larger competitors, Dassault and Siemens, have clearly been investing in and seen new business in. Is this an incrementally important use case or application area for you?
Neil Barua: Yeah, thanks for the question, Jay. On that, I’ll take the second piece. In fact, we had a contingent of a number of people, partners as well as employees today here at the Seaport this week, working through the manufacturing process, please, and process category and value that we’ve got. The way we’re approaching it is we believe extending PLM Windchill data to the manufacturing floor is where our value resides. And we see that working in conjunction with the MES systems of the world that are deeper into that workflow, we will provide the PLM data to those systems and ERPs is our approach on the manufacturing side. On the other piece on the AI, as you know, as we’ve talked about with ServiceMax, we were letting 2024 be able for our teams to self-introduce and innovate and experiment with AI technologies over the course of 2024, you saw the ServiceMax team really doing a nice job, Jay, by the way, has also done a really nice job with that, thinking through all different technologies and approaches for working with customers on betas, by which now, as I talked about, ServiceMax’s GA on February 10th here, their ServiceMax AI piece, and that was done within the ServiceMax team. But what we’ve seen with Codebeamer now, in the interest that we got out of the Ignite conference and the work we’re doing, Volkswagen and Microsoft for the Codebeamer launch, and subsequently, what we’re doing with Windchill and Creo. We’re now in the process and I’ve already started an alignment of a group that is actually centered in on making sure there’s alignment across all our AI innovations that are happening in our product segments. So, we’re evolving it, as I said, it was always going to be an approach that’s valuable and practical and to make sure there’s value for customers, and over time, going to create to PTC. And, I think, we’re at the stage where we were crawling last year, we started walking and it’s time to move into the jog, to run pace based on the customer feedback we’re getting around this. And this space is evolving very quickly and will be very nimble towards things that are changing around that manner. But we’re energized, as you can tell, around the addition of AI capabilities into what is already great products for the company.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yeah. Thank you, Neil. Thank you, Kristian.
Neil Barua: Thanks, Jay.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jason Celino: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Actually, kind of building off of, one of Jay’s partners, two of your competitors, your European one seem to be really battling it out on the PLM side. Ironically, one seems to be taking share from the other. Where does PTC fall in all this? I mean, have you seen any changes to the competitive environment? Any changes to your win rates? Are you involved in some of these or are you happy? Just be watching on the sidelines. Thanks.
Neil Barua: So we’re fully in the arena. No being on the sidelines here, Jason, as you know. And I think what I would say is given we’re three players in this really remarkable industry where all boats are lifting, because of these digital transformation needs. I’m glad to see all of us kind of rising to the occasion, and as I said, very optimistic around how this will translate over the next number of years in front of us for all three of us competitors. That being said strategically, our focus from a PTC perspective is that the nerve center is our Windchill and Codebeamer product capabilities. And we have amazing CAD tools like Creo, obviously, and Onshape and we have really great aftermarket capabilities in our SLM suite. Our approach which is differentiated versus the two that you mentioned is, how do you really think about as a customer of the utilization of Windchill in coordination with your CAD systems or the big Creo or others, and how does software kind of get embedded into what’s happening within product development cycles, and that’s our approach and the competitors as you heard this past week, they’re battling it out in the manufacturing side, which Jay talked about. We’re not there, we’re not going there. We’re actually just showing our PLM data to the manufacturing floor. So, let our two competitors play out the manufacturing side. We’re really focused on, where does the product data actually need real-time understanding and democratization of that moving through the enterprise and our Windchill, Codebeamer in conjunction strategic intent is very differentiated versus our other two competitors, and we feel good about how we’re positioned there.
Jason Celino: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Wong of Oppenheimer & Co. Your line is open.
Ken Wong: Thank you for taking my question. Kristian, I just wanted to ask about the trajectory of NRR. When I look at kind of Q2 being a little sub-seasonal, and then I maybe meld that with Neil’s comments that you guys won’t hit your go-to-market stride until Q4, is it fair to assume that we should be looking at kind of slightly sub-seasonal net new ARR until you hit that fourth quarter?
Kristian Talvitie: Yeah, I think we’re not providing specific Q3, Q4 guidance at this point, but as we said in the prepared comments, we do have a maybe even slightly more than usual back half-loaded year, of course, back half-loaded year is pretty typical for PTC and we’re kind of around the edges there.
Ken Wong: Okay. Got it. All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Siti Panigrahi with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Siti Panigrahi: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Neil on your comments about exiting fiscal 2025 with momentum and maybe grow in 2026. Help us understand the progress you have made on the go-to market alignment side given Rob joined recently a CRO. And also on the macro side also, we recently saw manufacturing PMI bouncing back 50, above 50 after 2 years wondering what other metrics that you look at to feel comfortable on the macro side.
Neil Barua: Thanks for the question, Siti. I’ll take the first one. And thanks for it. I want to just level set again on reinforcing the two main reasons for why we’re making in the process of all these go-to-market changes. First is to make us more effective at serving our customers. And the second is to make sure as we scale, we sustain our low-double-digit ARR growth target over the medium-term, right? So that’s what we’re like centered in on from all the changes that are being made. And in terms of the changes in Q1, we’re showing early promise and I’m seeing the teams being motivated, customers reacting to this as well. But like three dynamics of the things we’ve already undertaken and are now well underway in executing. First is, in Q1, as we talked about, we’ve verticalized our go-to-market approach. Top verticals are industrial products, FA&D, automotive, medtech and electronics and high-tech. So we did that in all the heavy lifting to make sure the messaging, the account transition, the plans to go execute as we’re starting to do here in Q2 has been put in place. If you watch LinkedIn, you’ll see the marketing messages very tailored around industry verticals. So point number one. Two is, we brought Rob, our new CRO in early December. Rob’s acclimated real well so far. He’s infusing a ton of discipline and depth into, as an example, our weekly pipeline management processes. He’s working through the overall go-to-market offering rhythm, which should he’s targeted to make sure we’re getting a more consistent and predictable way to grow the business. He’s also, this is really great, is Rob’s working with CK, our Chief Marketing Officer, to make sure they’re combined in their efforts to execute across this vertical strategy. And lastly, just to give you the scope of the change that we’re making, we’ve also leveled up our overall go-to-market team by adding key leadership roles in growth marketing, enablement that I mentioned on, sales and technical, customer success. We’ve exited a number of people that we talked about in Q1. We’ve removed layers. We’re starting to add quota-carrying salespeople over the course of this year, and we’ve elevated really great veteran PTCers to prominent roles as well. The reason why I give you that backdrop, Siti and the team here, is because that work and the execution now of all the foundation laying that we did in Q1, will now allow for the next few quarters for us to start working that flywheel, to get us running at the pace that I believe is the potential of this company. So far, we feel good about it, but work is ahead of us and we’re feeling compelled around the opportunity around it. On your second question around macro, yes, of course, we look at the PMI. Of course, we wake up like it’s Christmas morning, when we see a PMI take over 50, but that being said, what we look at is the pipeline, which Kristian talked about. We feel really good about the back half pipeline, the size of the deals, the quality of the deals. And I’m even more energized by the fact that now that we’re putting a greater discipline around the go-to-market changes, how we can add even greater pipeline opportunities. And the summary of when the macro gets better, when I’ll stop saying it’s a side of the sales environment is when we can predictably have higher close rates on an already really good pipeline. That’s what we’re looking at. We’ll obviously watch every metric out there from a macro perspective, but internally, that’s the laser focus we continue to look at when we see the macro changing to our favor.
Siti Panigrahi: Neil, I appreciate the great color and all the LinkedIn posts.
Operator: The next question comes from Tyler Radke with Citi. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks. This is Peter [ph] on the line for Tyler. In your presentation, there’s an example of a medtech Windchill customer expanding their seats from 10% to 15% to over 50%. Just curious, how much of the opportunity is there so less like within the existing PLM customer base to see key kind of expansion, like outside of that core engineering team and like side deeper into other departments, whether that’s like quality, supply chain and manufacturing.
Neil Barua: Yeah, there’s a reason why I start every call since I started last February around PLM and the opportunity there. The expansion of PLM in every call we’ve been talking about examples of customers that are now seeing the value of PLM being enterprise driven, not just a CAD repository tool, a PDM like tool. It is now becoming enterprise PLM and we have a significant opportunity across our already existing base of customers that are still at early- or mid-stages of expanding PLM to all the seats like this example the customer did. So that is the reason why we’re pushing in all cylinders to get enterprise PLM known and integrated with what they could also do with Codebeamer is a very critical value prop to our customers. So this is the area that we feel very energized and it gets even better when we create a vertical approach to how automotive companies are using Windchill to expand their utilization of product data moving faster than enterprise. How does federal, aerospace company think about that? And we’re really advancing that and we’re just needing to prove it out to more customers to expand. That is a clear priority of the business.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Stephen Tusa: Hey, thanks for let me in.
Neil Barua: Hi, Steve.
Stephen Tusa: I wish I got as excited as you guys do about the macro data, like Kris this morning with the ISM or the PMI. On the macro front, how are you seeing the focus on AI impact decisions and budgets, more specifically than just what normally happens at this time of year on budgets?
Neil Barua: Within our space, and I talked to this, I think, last quarter of the quarter before, Steve. Most of our customers still need to make sure that they have a structured data set by which you can apply AI tool. So like as per the prior question, when you don’t have enterprise PLM and a number of your engineers and supply chain folks or human folks still use antiquated systems or spreadsheets for data flows around product data, it’s very hard to apply generative AI. So we call it get your digital house in order. We really feel, Steve, this is why Kristian and I talked about the robust pipeline we see in the second half of the year. That is inspired by the fact that people need to get going on getting PLM systems across their enterprise, get Codebeamer deployed, make sure they have 2D models moved to 3D and model-based definition across their CAD drawings. And what’s really interesting is when we add the AI concept of Codebeamer as an example that we’re really going to be stoking the flames with to make sure people understand the real value here at HMI, it then creates a necessity for the customer to deploy Codebeamer on their underlying requirements management capabilities, so that they actually can get the benefit of a generative AI tool like Codebeamer AI that we’re launching. So Steve, I actually think it’s a good benefit for us, because it’s creating our customer base to get their digital house in order. And now with our additional AI offerings, which we have a secret sauce to give to them in concert with them, I think we’re in a good spot.
Stephen Tusa: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Joshua Tilton with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Arsenije Matovic: Hi, this is Arsenije on for Josh Tilton. I just had a question really on the ARR performance look. It was within the range of guidance, but even after adjusting for the timing impact and for the ARR, it looked like it was below year-over-year irrespective of the environment, not really changing, still mixed. I guess what occurred to really, is there some underperformance in the channel versus expectations, or is it just kind of exactly within what you were expecting, even on the channel front, and expected still better visibility with growth recovery in the back half? Thanks.
Neil Barua: Let me start, and then Kristian, this quarter we guided towards the number and we came in thereabouts. Even from an internal expectation, we saw this, we took an account, the pipeline, the slugger sales environment, obviously all the changes we’re making go-to-market and we structured a guidance as such. So we’re past Q1, it was as expected from our perspective. What we’re really focusing on is, let’s get the machinery working as I mentioned on the go-to-market side. Let’s get these product releases out, messaged and customers really buying into it by which when Rob and CK get the go-to-market transformation, really humming that I mentioned in the tail end of this year, second half of this year, we have a real rhythm to close out already a robust pipeline and keep adding to it, by which we can now really see a sustainable path for low-double-digits ARR growth as we go into next year, which has been our medium- and long-term targets. Kris, anything to add?
Kristian Talvitie: Yeah, just reiterating what you said, we came in pretty close to our internal targets panel actually had a strong quarter this quarter. So, all-in-all, I think it was largely as expected.
Arsenije Matovic: Got it. Thank you.
Neil Barua: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Nay Soe Naing of Berenberg. Your line is open.
Nay Soe Naing: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking me in. I’ve got two questions if I may. The first one on the go-to-market changes. It sounded like you made quite a lot of good progress in Q1. I just want to get a sense of whether that was ahead of what you shared, you all got everything’s pretty much on track. And then secondary question to that is that, Neil, I think if I remember correctly, you said about alternate that you weren’t expecting any major disruptions of sales from the go-to-market changes, now that it’s been a quarter, can we get an update on that front, please?
Neil Barua: Sure. In terms of where we are in the transformation versus where we thought, I’m pleased with where we’re at. Obviously, I would have liked Rob to join a month earlier when I did some of the folks that moved out of the company come in. We had a month gap before he joined back in December. But he’s hit the ground running in December, and the team didn’t wait for him to get here. And he was really well acquainted with the plan. So in general, I would say in a very specific project plan that we’ve had for this transformation, I feel good that we accomplished a lot of the foundation laying Q1. Now, we’ve had our kickoffs in January to get, now that the account transitions are done, comp plans are out. If you’re watching LinkedIn again, we’ve really had a good time kind of launching all this in the January timeframe. And as I mentioned, the reason for why we’re talking about the next few quarters is now the framework, the operational discipline, Rob’s bringing to bear, the vertical approach, we believe that that just will take some time to catch rhythm. It could happen faster, but my experience would say, it takes a few quarters to really get the machinery moving here. In terms of disruption, what I’d say is we made a lot of changes in Q1 and the different approach that Rob is taking and CK is taking around this vertical piece is change. And when we thought about this, this is why we proactively came out to you last quarter and said, look, like in our guidance, we are going to have a framework by which there should be a level of impact from the go-to-market changes. In addition to our estimation that the macro remains sluggish. And that’s why we came to that 9% to 10% ARR range that we reiterated again on the call today for the year.
Nay Soe Naing: Well, it all makes sense. Thank you very much. One quick question, if I could squeeze in if that’s all right. The AI product launches are upcoming, not also very exciting, but are they going to be limited to just Codebeamer and ServiceMax or will that be across your entire portfolio?
Neil Barua: Nay, it like a great question. Stay tuned that the ServiceMax is first one out of the gate. Codebeamer is a big element that we’ve been working on that at Hannover Messe will be spending a lot more time on. Obviously, as you know, we’ve been spending time working on this with Volkswagen, Microsoft. We’re working through a Windchill applied AI element around parts reuse. Onshape has been doing a lot of work on this, so stay tuned on that. And we got a few more up in the hopper, but we’re really focusing on the core areas right now and learning from a very innovative technology that’s moving. So we’re learning around that in conjunction with our customers. That’s really important here to show real value versus just a marketing message.
Nay Soe Naing: Sounds good. Thank you. We look forward to it.
Operator: The next question comes from Saket Kalia of Barclays. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question here and fitting me in as well.
Neil Barua: Hey, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Kristian maybe – hey, guys. Kristian, maybe for you and Neil, please feel free to chime in here, right? So I want to go back to kind of the five pillars that Neil, you talked about in your prepared comments, right? So, clearly, there are a few higher growth parts of the business like an ALM or an SLM or a SaaS part of the business just because of their scale, right? I think the strong competitive position drives solid growth in PLM and CAD, but it feels like those three segments have the potential to grow faster. Maybe the question is, where are those businesses in their evolution in terms of being more additive to growth? And then maybe the other side of that coin, how much of a drag are some of the businesses that maybe aren’t those pillars anymore, like an IoT, for example? There’s a lot of moving parts in that question, but does that make sense?
Neil Barua: Yeah. Well, let me take the front end, and then Kristian could add any color here. I just want to be clear. The PLM and the ability for us to expand these, like we mentioned in this customer example, there’s a lot of room for us to grow with the best-in-class PLM offering in the marketplace. Far none, in my opinion, and I think in our customer’s opinion. When integrated with Codebeamer, our ALM suite, we believe that there is a real strong growth potential for those two boats to rise in a significant manner that really creates a differentiated value to the end customer. So I just want to be clear. PLM is part of a very strong growth drive of the business, and we just see many more potentials for that to increase in growth rate as we get this vertical approach, right, as we get the messaging on ePLM really structured in the marketplace. So, I’m just not – we’re not just relying on ALM, SLM and SaaS to be the inflectors of accretive growth. PLM actually will pull its weight, and then some, in our view, in terms of the approach that we’re taking. In terms of the drag, you mentioned some of them. As I indicated on Windchill Navigate view work instructions where we’re extending 3D digital work instructions from PLM to shop floor, guess what? We’re using ThingWorx technology to do that. And if you recall 9 months ago, we took a number of resources from the standalone businesses and moved them to make sure the great technology of ThingWorx actually allowed customers to expand PLM and provide more value to different personas. We’re doing the same on some of those other product sets that don’t really do as well versus our core growth rates to make sure we augment our core growth rates with better capabilities using some of those technologies. That’s how we’re thinking about it from a perspective of how we’re interfacing with our customers and organizing ourselves internally. Kristian? No? Good.
Saket Kalia: That’s super clear, guys. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. Please remain connected as I turn it to Neil for closing remarks.
Neil Barua: Thank you, everyone, for joining us and for your questions today. In February, Kristian will attend the Baird Conference in Park City, Utah, and Matt will attend the Wolfe Conference in New York. In March, I’ll be in San Francisco attending the Morgan Stanley Conference together with Kristian and Matt. Also in March, Kristian and Matt will participate in two additional conferences, the Loop Conference, which will be virtual and the Stifel Conference in New York. Thanks, again, and we look forward to engaging with you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-11-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to today's PTC 2024 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. During this presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be opened for open questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Shimao, PTC's Head of Investor Relations. Matt, please go ahead.
Matt Shimao: Good afternoon. Thank you, Aaron, and welcome to PTC's fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2024 conference call. On the call today are Neil Barua, Chief Executive Officer; and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast, and a replay of the call will be available later today at www.ptc.com. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today's date, November 6, 2024, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's Chief Executive Officer, Neil Barua.
Neil Barua: Thanks, Matt. I've been traveling the globe, meeting with customers, listening to their perspectives and supporting the teams to close deals. I'm hearing one consistent theme from the companies that build the products the world relies upon, "Neil, we need to shorten our development time lines as quickly as possible with the highest quality to remain competitive. This includes our hardware, mechanical, electronic and embedded software processes that all need to come together for a final product. Please help us do this as PTC's core offerings are the key to unlock this value." This is PTC's North Star as we are best positioned across these critical dimensions to address the needs of our customers have. It is tangible of the momentum. And while it might not show up every quarter in a linear fashion, I'm orderly convinced of our long-term trajectory due to this tectonic shift happening within the key verticals we serve. In fiscal 2024, our free cash flow growth was solid, up 25% year-over-year. Our constant currency ARR growth was up 12% year-over-year. I am proud of the team as these results were driven in a selling environment that remain difficult, an environment that is consistent with what we have been articulating over the course of the past two years. We also delivered despite several organizational moves we made over the past two quarters. There were varying pockets of relative strength, such as areas in APAC and more broadly with our reseller channel. There are also pockets of relative weakness such as Western Europe. In summary, however, aggregate transaction volumes were in line with what we have been seeing over the past couple of years, which speaks to PTC's resilient business model and our diversification across the verticals and geographies we serve. This allowed us to report solid Q4 results despite the steady persistence of macroeconomic headwinds and geopolitical uncertainty. I'm also energized to announce that given the strength of our business and consistency of our free cash flow generation, we announced today a $2 billion share repurchase authorization. This provides us with another lever to further enhance shareholder value. Kristian will walk you through the details of how we plan to execute our buyback program. Let's move now to Slide 4, which highlights our product portfolio and strategy. As a reminder, our five focus areas are: one, PLM, which is driven primarily by our Windchill product; two, ALM, which is driven by our Codebeamer product; three, SLM, which is primarily driven by our ServiceMax product; four, CAD, which is driven primarily by our Creo product; and five, our continued focus on SaaS. These are the areas where we believe we can create the greatest customer value and are the areas where we have focused resources and attention. As I said earlier, our customers need to introduce new products at a faster pace and with higher quality. It is not unusual to hear from customers that they need to shorten their new product introduction timelines in half, and that's not possible without digital transformation across our workflows, which is exactly what our products enable. It is also worth highlighting that we are bringing our suite of software offerings in the areas that matter most for our customers together to help product companies improve their competitiveness. Given the unique breadth and openness of our portfolio, we can enable end-to-end digital thread initiatives, which leverage a connected flow of product data across design, manufacturing, service and ultimately, reuse. A digital thread enables product companies to breakdown silos, streamline workflows, and achieve interoperability across departments, functions and systems with a single version of the truth. It also secures the quality, consistency and traceability of product-related data, ensuring that the data is up-to-date, accessible, reliable and actionable. With a digital thread, the right data is delivered to the right people at the right time and in the right context across the value chain. The demand drivers for our core offerings are strong, and our differentiated capabilities to drive digital thread initiatives are increasingly important to our customers. There is so much we can do to help our customers drive better business outcomes. But as I mentioned last quarter, given this incredible opportunity in front of us, this underscores that we also need to evolve how we operate to deliver more value to our customers, with more precision and with more consistency. I'll turn to this now on Slide 5. Last quarter, I previewed some changes in our go-to-market efforts that we were contemplating. I'd like to get into some more detail since the first elements of these changes have been put into place. During my time here at PTC, I visited with many of our customers, and importantly, spent time with the go-to-market teams that interact with these customers. I had the chance to assess our capabilities and to examine the ways in which PTC's go-to-market teams are organized to bring value to our customers. Along with external advisers, we evaluated these elements on a qualitative basis and took the time to assess the performance of our go-to-market teams on a quantitative basis as well. The result of this evaluation is that we are making changes to our go-to-market structure that I believe will make us more effective in serving our customers and enable us to sustain the low double-digit ARR growth target for the medium term that we've previously laid out. I'd like to take a few minutes to walk you through these changes in more detail. First, we are hiring a new Chief Revenue Officer, who is expected to start in December. This leader is well known within the enterprise software space, and I expect that once he's settled in, he will drive increased focus, speed and accountability in a more vertically oriented go-to-market model. Speaking of which, the second adjustment we are making is that we are realigning PTC's selling, marketing and customer success motions around the five key verticals we already serve, particularly in North America and Europe. Those are industrial products, federal, aerospace and defense, electronics and high tech, automotive and lastly, medical technology and life sciences. The rationale for this vertically focused realignment is simple. It's an extension of our mantra of putting more wood behind the arrows that we believe deliver the greatest value to our customers and ultimately to our company and our shareholders. By aligning our go-to-market organization along industry lines, we will increase the specialization of our sellers, which will enhance their industry knowledge and allow them to be more effective at understanding the needs of their customers, how to help with their digital transformation journeys, and how to provide relevant industry-specific feedback to our product development teams. Similarly, by having customer success teams that specialize in certain verticals, they will be more familiar with the pain points that affect their [checked] customers and can act more quickly with more precision to solve these challenges. Frankly, I believe that we have been leaving money on the table with our previous structure and that there are significant opportunities to enhance our ARR growth by selling to and serving our customers in this manner. We have a large pool of customers, and their need for digital transformation can be met by the portfolio of products we have today. Yet we aren't fully capitalizing on this because of how we currently operate. Consider, for example, a customer in the automotive sector. In some cases, that customer's lead salesperson within PTC might also be addressing customers in the med tech and high-tech spaces. And while that automotive customer might have certain brands and divisions using our Windchill product for PLM, they might not be standardized on it. The automotive industry is under immense pressure to transform to software-defined vehicles, which, of course, comes with tremendous unique challenges, some of which can be addressed with our Codebeamer product, working alongside and integrated with Windchill. By adjusting the PTC teams that serve this customer to focus exclusively on the auto industry, for example, we believe that our selling and customer success teams will be able to cross-sell our solutions. And this will also enable us to address these customers' unique industry-specific challenges more swiftly and effectively. Underpinning this transformation are three cultural tenets that I think are worth highlighting because we believe they will ultimately drive value to our customers and to PTC overall. First, focus on what matters the most for our customers; second, drive increased speed internally and deliver value to our customers more quickly; and third, be more accountable for our decisions from start to finish. As part of this transformation, we have also reduced spans and layers within the go-to-market organization, while also eliminating certain overlay functions. To be clear, this is not an exercise in cost cutting. Rather, we believe reorganizing our customer-facing resources will make us more effective in capturing the vast opportunity that is ahead of us. We expect to redeploy the run rate costs associated with these people back into the re-architected go-to-market organization. We will be hiring quota-carrying salespeople and also specialized technical resources in our customer success organization that align with our five key verticals. There will be approximately $20 million of cash outflows associated with these changes. Kristian will cover more details in his discussion. Let me wrap up my comments about this go-to-market realignment by saying that I believe the opportunities to improve our effectiveness are significant here at PTC. We have started to make the required changes to our organization. We are confident that these changes will lead to repeatable and scalable go-to-market motions that will serve us well. And the guidance that Kristian will walk you through takes into consideration the possibility for some near-term disruptions associated with this realignment. Although we are taking significant measures to avoid meaningful stumbling blocks, we must acknowledge that we are evolving our go-to-market organization and the potential near-term risk associated with doing that. We believe we have taken a responsible approach here and look forward to updating you on future earnings calls. Finally, I thought it was worth spending most of my time today, as I just did, sharing my thoughts and expectations related to our go-to-market alignment. This took precedence over sharing some excellent customer stories. And so this quarter, we put the customer stories into the appendix slides of our earnings presentations. I'll continue to highlight customer stories on a consistent basis in future quarters. With that, I'll hand the call over to Kristian to take you through our Q4 and full-year financial results and future guidance.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Neil, and hello, everyone. Starting off with Slide 7, PTC again delivered solid financial results in terms of both ARR and free cash flow in a continued challenging selling environment. As you know, we believe ARR and free cash flow are the most important metrics to assess the performance of our business. To help investors understand our performance, excluding the impact of foreign exchange volatility, we provide ARR guidance and disclose our ARR results on a constant currency basis. At the end of Q4, our constant currency ARR using our fiscal 2024 plan FX rates was $2.207 billion, up 12% year-over-year. Deferred ARR came in as expected. Moving on to cash flow. In Q4, our free cash flow results were also solid as we resolved the collection timing issues we saw last quarter. For the full-year, our free cash flow was $736 million, up 25%. Over the medium term, we continue to expect our free cash flow to grow faster than our ARR, with our non-GAAP operating expenses expected to grow at roughly half the rate of ARR. A basic tenet of our subscription business model and budgeting process is that there's natural operating leverage we benefit from as our ARR grows. In fiscal 2024, our operating efficiency expanded by 370 basis points to 42% compared to 38% in fiscal 2023. Moving to Slide 8. There are a few key takeaways here. First, as I just mentioned, we expect that our OpEx will grow at approximately half the rate of ARR over time. You can see that on this slide. On the right-hand side, you can see our constant currency ARR CAGR from fiscal 2021 through fiscal 2025 is approximately 15%, and our expected OpEx CAGR is approximately 6%. This is the leverage I was mentioning on the previous slide. While this is a little less than 50%, this is also because we had a couple of acquisitions over this time and there's additional leverage as those get integrated. Point being that while OpEx growing at 50% of ARR growth may not work out exactly that way in any given year, we've been delivering on this and think that it remains a good rule of thumb as you think about modeling our business over the medium term. Secondly, we also talk about our disciplined approach to budgeting and investment decisions, and I think that shows up pretty clearly on this slide as well. While our overall OpEx CAGR is expected to be approximately 6%, it's really more like 4% in SG&A and 11% in R&D. I think this punctuates the point that we've made previously that given the challenging selling environment we've been in for some time, it hasn't really made sense to be investing a lot incrementally into sales and marketing or G&A for that matter. Additionally, we believe there is incremental room for effectiveness within the spend envelope we have today as evidenced by the go-to-market realignment Neil elaborated on earlier. And this brings me to the final point of the slide that I'm trying to emphasize, which is that we are investing in our future growth while delivering solid free cash flow. On the slide, the blue line represents our non-GAAP R&D expense trend. You can see that the slope of the blue line inflected four years ago, following our transition to a subscription model. As our free cash flows expanded, this has enabled us to reinvest greater amounts into R&D to support our customers and drive future growth despite the challenging macro. For over a decade, from fiscal 2008 to fiscal 2020, our average non-GAAP R&D expense was approximately $210 million, and our 12-year CAGR was about 2%. In contrast to that, we expect to invest approximately $400 million in non-GAAP R&D this year, and our four-year CAGR from fiscal 2021 through 2025 is expected to be approximately 11%. This evolution of our business is important to understand, and it's great for our customers because it allows us to continue to invest incrementally in our products even during a turbulent macro. Turning to Slide 9. Let's look at our ARR growth in more detail, starting with our product groups. In Q4, we delivered 10% constant currency ARR growth in CAD and 13% in PLM. Our topline growth has shown good resilience despite the environment we've seen over the past couple of years and is supported by our unique portfolio with a solid footprint in higher-growth segments of the market as well as the digital transformation journey of our customers. These underlying strengths are further supported by our subscription model, our low churn rate, and the propensity for our customer base to prioritize their own R&D investments through challenging times. Moving to our ARR by region. Our constant currency organic ARR growth was solid across Americas, Europe and APAC, with growth in the low to mid-double digits. Across all regions, our year-over-year organic constant currency growth rates in Q4 were similar to the growth rates we saw in Q3. Turning to Slide 10. We took on a lot of debt over the past three years, and we've been diligently paying that down. During Q4, we paid down $63 million and ended Q4 with cash and cash equivalents of $266 million and gross debt of $1.753 billion. During fiscal 2024, our gross debt balance decreased by $569 million. We used $694 million, substantially all the free cash flow we generated this year, to pay down our debt, as we said we would. This was partially offset by an increase in gross debt of $125 million in Q1 related to pure variants and the imputed interest for ServiceMax, which we discussed in detail on our Q1 call. We were 1.9x levered at the end of Q4. As you know, our long-term goal, assuming our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is below 3x, remains to return approximately 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders via share repurchases, while also taking into consideration the interest rate environment and strategic opportunities. I'm pretty sure I don't need to do the math for you, but the $2 billion authorization that we now have in place through fiscal 2027 is clearly more than 50% of the free cash flow we expect to generate over that period. This year, as you also all know, we have a $500 million bond that's coming due in February, which we intend to retire at that time with cash on hand and by drawing on our revolving credit facility. And in line with what we've said previously, we intend to buy back approximately $300 million of our common stock in fiscal 2025 commencing this quarter. Also, as you know, we aim to maintain a low cash balance given the consistency and predictability of the business. As such, assuming we have excess cash, we expect to return it to shareholders. And the authorization we now have in place gives us a lot of flexibility in how we do that. Our fully diluted share count in fiscal 2024 was 121 million, and we currently expect fully diluted shares to be approximately flat in fiscal 2025. Moving to Slide 11. Before I take you through our guidance, let me walk you through how we guide and report ARR. As I said earlier, we believe constant currency ARR is the best way to evaluate the topline performance of our business because it removes FX fluctuations from the analysis, positive or negative. If you take a look at Slide 24 in our appendix, you'll see the extent to which FX volatility impacted as reported ARR over the past eight quarters. For fiscal 2024, we provided constant currency ARR guidance and reported constant currency ARR results for all periods using our fiscal 2024 plan FX rates, which were as of September 30, 2023. We also recast historical constant currency ARR amounts back to fiscal 2019 at those fiscal 2024 plan FX rates for comparative purposes. For fiscal 2025, we are taking the exact same approach. We set our constant currency ARR guidance, and we'll report constant currency ARR results for all periods using our fiscal 2025 plan FX rates, which are as of September 30, 2024. We also recast historical constant currency ARR amounts back to fiscal 2019 at our fiscal 2025 plan FX rates for comparative purposes. You can find the recast historicals in the financial data tables for Q4 2024 that are posted on our IR website. And on this slide, you can see the recast constant currency ARR amounts for the past eight quarters. With that, I'll take you through our guidance on Slide 12. All of the ARR amounts on this slide are based on our fiscal 2025 plan FX rates. For constant currency ARR, we expect growth of 9% to 10% for fiscal 2025 and approximately 10.5% for Q1. I'll get into more detail on constant currency ARR on the next two slides. On cash flows, we are guiding for free cash flow of $835 million to $850 million in fiscal 2025, which absorbs the approximately $20 million of outflows for severance and consulting fees related to our go-to-market realignment. Given that the amount is relatively small, we are not calling out any restructuring charge, so all of this will flow through the sales and marketing and COGS lines on our P&L. And reiterating what Neil said earlier, we expect to be reinvesting the run rate expense back into the go-to-market organization throughout the year. In fiscal 2025, we expect similar invoicing seasonality compared to the previous four years. Based on this and our expected cash outflows, we expect approximately 55% or more of our free cash flow to be generated in the first half of the year and for fiscal Q4 to be our lowest cash generation quarter. Note that our cash flow guidance is not on a constant currency basis, so FX fluctuations and interest rate changes can have an impact in either direction. For Q1, we are guiding for free cash flow of approximately $230 million, which absorbs approximately $12 million of the $20 million of total outflows related to the go-to-market realignment. The remainder of the payments will be spread out throughout the rest of the year. We have a high degree of confidence in our guidance for free cash flow due to the predictability of our cash collections and the disciplined budgeting structure we have in place. Importantly, we've maintained consistent billing practices over time. We primarily bill our customers annually upfront one-year at a time, regardless of the contract term length. So our free cash flow results over time are comparable. Furthermore, over the past five years, we've optimized our internal budgeting process. It starts with having a subscription business model that generates predictable cash inflows, and then we start each fiscal year by funding our business for growth at the low end of our internal ARR expectations. And as we progress through the year, we maintain or increase the level of funding based on the growth dynamics we are seeing. By proceeding in this manner, we are able to match our investments to the market environment in an agile way, while also delivering predictable free cash flow. To help you with your models, we are also providing revenue and EPS guidance. However, I'd like to reiterate my favorite reminder, ASC 606 makes revenue and EPS difficult to predict for PTC since we sell primarily on-premises subscriptions. And the way that revenue is recognized from these contracts can vary significantly based on variables that aren't necessarily relevant to the performance of the business. I did a teach-in on this subject on our Q4 fiscal 2022 call that you may want to refer to if you are new to PTC. The summary is we believe ARR and free cash flow, rather than revenue and operating income, are the best metrics to assess the performance of our business. Moving on to Slide 13. Here is an illustrative constant currency ARR model for fiscal 2025. You can see our results over the past three years, and the column on the right illustrates what's needed to get to our constant currency ARR guidance for fiscal 2025. Note that all amounts on this slide are using our FY 2025 plan FX rates. The illustrative model indicates that to hit 9.5% ARR growth, we need to add $214 million of net new ARR this year. Our fiscal 2025 guidance range assumes that we will add approximately $20 million less net new ARR in fiscal 2025 compared to 2024 and approximately $5 million less than in fiscal 2023 and 2022. It's worth noting that on an annual basis, our opening deferred ARR for the year is expected to be in line with to slightly better than what we've seen over the last three years when normalizing for the $10 million incremental we had in fiscal 2024. Additionally, our churn remains low and we expect our churn rate in fiscal 2025 to be in line with to slightly better than the improving churn rates we've had in the past three years. Our business model is resilient, and while the selling environment remains challenging, we believe that because of these dynamics and allowing for potential near-term disruption due to our go-to-market realignment that 9% to 10% ARR growth is the right target for fiscal 2025. Next, on Slide 14, here's a similar illustrative model for Q1. As you know, based on our results over the past few years, our net new ARR can be somewhat volatile in any given quarter, given dynamics such as new or renewal bookings, seasonality, timing of deferred ARR siting how much of our new bookings in any given quarter starts in the quarter, how much churn we expect in any given quarter, et cetera. We've clearly seen quarterly volatility in our results over the past few years and we expect to see some of these dynamics in Q1. This slide shows our sequential net new ARR over the past couple of years, and the column on the right illustrates that we need $20 million of sequential net new ARR growth to hit 10.5% growth in Q1. Obviously, it's impossible to predict any given quarter with that level of precision. However, I'm sure you'll note that this is below the sequential net new ARR for Q1 that we've had over the past couple of years. And as such, I think there are two factors worth noting, both timing related. First is the linearity of deferred ARR; and secondly, the mechanics of a couple of contracts that will show up as churn in Q1, but are contracted to come back into ARR later this fiscal year. Together, these two factors are expected to adversely impact our Q1 sequential net new ARR by approximately $10 million but will not have an impact on fiscal 2025. Also, we need to be mindful of any potential disruption from the go-to-market changes we're making. Importantly, we continue to keep our focus on the full-year as this is how we make incremental investment decisions over the course of the year. With all that said, we think it's worth emphasizing that after normalizing for the approximate $10 million timing impact I just called out, our Q1 sequential ARR will be in the same ballpark as the past couple of years. Turning to Slide 15. I know that most of you model free cash flow using the indirect method, which uses the P&L and balance sheet as a starting point. However, given the complexities related to ASC 606, there are inherent challenges in using the indirect method to forecast free cash flow for PTC. The model on this slide is based on what we use internally. I know that looking at it this way, may be unfamiliar to some of you, so please feel free to reach out if we can be of help. Starting at the top, for fiscal 2025 we’re using 9.5% ARR growth, the midpoint of our constant currency guidance range. Next, our perpetual revenue is primarily related to our Kepware business, which is moving to subscription over time. And the primary reason that our professional services revenue is modeled to decline in fiscal 2025 is because a portion of it is transitioning to DxP over time. These three line items get us to our expected cash generation for the year, assuming no significant fluctuations in FX rates. Moving down to the cost sections. I'd like to highlight that the approximately $20 million of cash outflows related to our go-to-market realignment are embedded in the cost of revenue and operating expenses line. Even as we reinvest in the business and realign the go-to-market organization in 2025, we continue to see expansion of our operating efficiency metric due to our recurring subscription model combined with our budgeting process. Continuing to move down the model, we provide guidance assumptions for stock comp, amortization, CapEx, cash interest payments and cash tax payments. You can find these on Slide 19 of the earnings deck and also on Pages 3 and 4 of the press release. Note that the cash interest payments are expected to be approximately $90 million in fiscal 2025, significantly lower than in fiscal 2024, driven by – primarily by a decrease in debt. Also cash tax payments are expected to be $110 million in fiscal 2025, significantly higher than in fiscal 2024, reflecting higher taxable income, the utilization of our deferred tax assets and the impact of Internal Revenue Code Section 174. And finally, let's take a look at the other category. In fiscal 2024, the $82 million was primarily related to FX movements and working capital. For fiscal 2025, the main drivers of the $99 million being modeled here are FX rates, which have already moved significantly since September 30, 2024 as well as working capital to support continued growth. In this simplified illustrative model, the impact of FX fluctuations are captured on a net basis in the other line. In reality, FX fluctuations that are net positive for free cash flow result in higher cash generation and cash disbursements and FX fluctuations that are negative for free cash flow result in lower cash generation and cash disbursements. All of this sums up to our expected free cash flow of approximately $843 million, which is the midpoint of our fiscal 2025 free cash flow guidance range. So in conclusion, PTC has a strong portfolio and strategy, a track record of operational discipline and clear value creation opportunities. We're focused on what matters most for our customers, and we're aligning our operations accordingly so that we can scale our business in a consistent manner. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to the operator for today's Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, as mentioned, we will begin our Q&A session now. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from the line of Ken Wong with Oppenheimer & Co. Your line is live.
Ken Wong: Fantastic. I wanted to just ask a question in terms of the go-to-market disruption. Neil, you mentioned that Kristian has baked that into the guidance I guess, one, when would you assume that you hit sort of peak disruption. And then I couldn't help but notice that in Q1, you're growing 10.5% and 11% on an adjusted basis. Is that the right way to think about the growth rate, assuming you guys can manage through the disruption with minimal impact?
Neil Barua: Let me take the – Ken, thanks for the question. Let me take the front end and Kristian could talk about the way in which we're thinking about the year. So we're not expecting disruption. In fact, we've been really thoughtful and have gone to already great lengths to prevent disruption. We've got a number of mechanisms. We've done it before to make sure that we prevent that disruption across the team as we're going through this transformation. At the same time, though, we are also recognizing that as in many go-to-market transitions that happen across every company, there can be some friction within the sales team. Just like all our best efforts, at the end of the day, these are people, not spreadsheets. Emotion is there and a lot of management that goes into them. But again, we're hyper-focused on making sure that we minimize it. But in contrast to your question to setting guidance conservatively to kind of artificially engineer a beat and raise cadence, we set our guidance in a way that gives us some room, Ken, in case we end up seeing any short-term disruptions over the course of the next number of quarters. Kristian, do you want to take the second piece?
Kristian Talvitie: I think you just did.
Neil Barua: Okay. Good.
Ken Wong: All right, perfect. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. Our next question is from the line of Daniel Jester with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is live.
Daniel Jester: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just on the market. I know there's five pillars on the product side of what you're really focused on. Maybe, Neil, we can have an update as to what you expect to see from maybe variation in terms of performance of the business and maybe double-click on ServiceMax and Codebeamer? Thank you.
Neil Barua: Yes. Good question. So as you can see from the results from our PLM and CAD breakout, we continue to have strong performance across those categories across last year. And what's driving that is this – the Windchill proliferation, which will – the strategy of this go-to-market transformation is within the verticals that are using Windchill, how to continue to penetrate that more in a precise and consistent manner across the enterprise. So Windchill is something we continue to see momentum in. We're building more momentum. And with this vertical strategy, we'll have even more precision by the key verticals we already serve with nomenclature and examples of other customers in those verticals that are using Windchill at scale like we're seeing in many cases already. But we have plenty of wood to chop to take down all those dollars in ARR that we could have as we expand Windchill. So that's a category that we're really leaning into. Codebeamer, as you asked, last year, and particularly in Q4, two out of the 10 largest automotive OEM companies with revenue, two out of them are expanding Codebeamer even in Q4 at pace, and so that's good. Additional three-plus customers that have been using Codebeamer already in deployment have decided to expand that usage. So we're starting to see this element of Codebeamer as it gets deployed in the environment as software engineers are using it as they're seeing how software interacts with the hardware engineers, mechanical engineers, customers are saying, we want more Codebeamer. So we're going to press on that. You're going to see continued emphasis on how Codebeamer, Windchill work even more comprehensively together, which will continue to accelerate the PLM for us that we're starting to see in the market. And then lastly, I know I didn't talk about customers, as I mentioned on the call, but there's a great case study that we're seeing continued indications and customer deployments on with ServiceMax, to your question, around one of the largest manufacturers of cranes in the world has been a large Creo, Windchill customer for almost a few decades. And we've been working on this with the ServiceMax team for the last call it, 12 to 18 months with this customer, with our new release that I mentioned in the summertime around Windchill and ServiceMax connected on trouble tickets being able to flow back into Windchill from ServiceMax. That customer did a very comprehensive proposal and an RFP that looked at all the competitive offerings, and they chose us because of ServiceMax's integration with Windchill and the flow of product data from engineering to service and back, which was the key differentiator for us. So we see continued emphasis there. Momentum continues to build, and we look forward to a good year on both fronts.
Daniel Jester: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from the line of Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your line is live.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question here. Neil, maybe for you. I know you spend a lot of time with customers, and you called out Western Europe in your prepared remarks. So I'd love to just zoom into that geography a little bit. What are you hearing from customers there about willingness to spend right now? And how do you sort of envision 2025 in Europe from just a demand perspective?
Neil Barua: Yes, great question. I have been spending a lot of time in Europe and rest of world and also here in North America meeting customers, as you mentioned. I think what we're seeing in the dynamic, we saw some of that in Q4. We delivered solid results, as we said, for ARR and really great results on cash flow for Q4. But in terms of having a blowout quarter for Q4 in ARR, we had a few deals in Western Europe, in particular, like we noted, that either pushed out or got smaller in the deal value that we're really pushing on getting done over the course of Q4, which I believe we'll still get in due time over the course of this year. And the dynamic that's happening – and at the same time, by the way, we won a number of deals that were at the same value that we thought in Western Europe and closed those in Q4. I think what we're working through is particularly within the automotive vertical in Germany, there is obviously a lot of pressure around just the cost structure, the speed in which they're developing cars, the Tier 1 suppliers that supply those folks, all those components of how do you really create competitiveness versus Chinese OEMs. We're seeing a lot of that pressure occur as we've all been reading in the press. I've been sitting in boardrooms with all of these customers. That's the bad news, kind of the highlights of the media reports. I believe that this is forcing our customers that we're serving in this specific vertical in Western Europe to rethink how they're actually operating as a business to remain competitive. And that comes down to, first, Codebeamer, was continue to blow momentum within Western Europe because software now needs to work at the same speed as mechanical hardware, mechatronic systems within these OEMs, that need to have Codebeamer implemented to do that to keep pace with the Chinese development cycle. So I think that's a net positive for us, despite the macro and the issues that the German automakers are dealing with. So that's a positive. On the second piece is on Windchill, they're looking at thinking about PLM, how to move product data faster than their enterprise because they need to stay alive. And so I don't want to get too aggressive on saying it's going to be a wide-open field for us to go execute and win a lot of deals in Western Europe because there is a backdrop of uncertainty. But within the business, there's a lot of urgency and need to change the way they're actually doing business. And our technology underpins that change, so I'm bullish around the requirement, Saket. I'm bullish around the urgency for them to do it. I'm cautious around how they're actually going to spend those dollars over the course of the next couple of years. And we'll see how that goes over the course of this year. We factor that into how we put this range of guidance as well.
Saket Kalia: Makes sense. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thanks for your question. Our next question is from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. Your line is live.
Joseph Vruwink: Great. Thanks. On the go-to-market change, would you say that initiating the timing now means the structure is mature ahead of needing to be positioned for maybe any benefit from renewed spending that customers might pursue around macro improvement? And I guess, I ask because there's the potential always after a U.S. election that industrial orders pick up. If you did see an improvement in industrial sentiment vis-a-vis PMI, do you think there's a lag for your business? So you expect your pipelines to replenish maybe later in 2025? And that really simply lines up with when this new structure is going to be mature anyways? And so all of that is ultimately compatible with the changes you're now making?
Neil Barua: Yes, great question. I would say that our teams are already underway and getting ready and executing across the plan. And there are several things we're working through around account plans, assignments, all that great stuff that every team needs to do to organize for being able to face the vertical opportunities that exist, and we're working through that. And that's the area that we believe we're not expecting disruption, but we're taking account that some things in other situations to adjust for that if something does happen. But what we won't have is not being ready for the opportunities that we see in the current pipeline. And if somehow or another, business actually changes versus the last two years of the sluggish sales environment, our vertical approach are ready with experience in these verticals at scale with big customers. We're primed to take advantage of incremental demand and being able to continue to be well versed to take advantage of that and not have as much of a lag. So I'm looking forward to if we could get manufacturing and PMIs to tick up, PTC is ready for that. We've been ready for a while, and we're going to be even more ready as we verticalize the business, which we're doing and it's underway. And we're looking forward to how that translates over the course of this year into next.
Joseph Vruwink: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next line is from the line of Adam Borg with Stifel. Your line is live.
Adam Borg: Awesome. Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe for Neil, you talked a little bit about the go-to-market focus around five key verticals. And I believe Saket's question talked a little bit about what you're seeing in the automotive. I was hoping you could talk a little bit, is there anything else interesting happening in the other four verticals worth commenting, both positive or negative? And maybe, Kristian, if you could just remind us what the current ARR mix is for each of those top five verticals, that would be really helpful? Thanks so much.
Neil Barua: I'll start with the one that's top of everyone's mind across the world. I was in India a couple of weeks ago. It's the same dynamic. Federal, aerospace and defense is just continuing to be an area that is facing significant backlog and demand, and they're trying to move that faster through their business to deliver the products that are being asked from their customers. And so in India, I was in U.K., here in North America spending a lot of time, that segment, I think, is continuing to be an area we're leaning into. We have a lot of experience. We have a lot of credibility there. We're going to continue to do that. I'm going out to Washington, D.C. to make sure we continue to promote this, again, in a vertical marketing perspective already going into that model. We believe there's a lot of really interesting dynamics happening in the federal, aerospace and defense across the world. We're very well positioned there. On med tech and life sciences, we're also seeing an interesting other dynamic where a lot of these companies have gotten very big through a lot of acquisitions, and they're now being forced to really develop products in a faster pace. That requires PLM at the heart of an epicenter of moving product data as fast as possible to manufacturing, and so we're seeing some really interesting trends occurring in med tech and life sciences. We had a couple of really interesting wins that happened in the last couple of quarters of 2024, and we expect that to continue because again, it's a survival and existence of their business to actually put these frameworks and systems together like Windchill, like Codebeamer, like Creo and ServiceMax to be able to deal with the competitive nature of their business. And then, Adam, getting back to your other question. If we talk about the vertical exposure across the major industries, the industrial space is kind of high 20s for us. FA&D is in the – around 15%. Electronics and high tech, also in that same mid-teens. Automotive, in the kind of low teens. Med tech, in the low teens. And then the other, what we would, I guess, call non-core verticals make up the difference, which is also around kind of 15-ish percent of the business.
Adam Borg: Awesome. Thanks again.
Operator: Great. Thank you for your question. Our next question is from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is live.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Hi. Thank you. Good evening. With regard to the digital thread comments, maybe we could tie that into the vertical comments you had this evening. That is which verticals would you say are furthest along in terms of adoption – adopting three or more solutions or three or more of your various three-letter acronyms, as indicative of implementing closed loop life cycle management? And then with regard to auto, when you last reported your segments as a percentage of revenue, which was six years ago, it was mid-teens percent, but your exposure to auto was very different. Back then, it was largely powertrains, some supply chain, never really body. But would you say now that with the evolution of automotive systems requirements, that your whole exposure and delivery of software to automotive is going to be fundamentally different than your more limited exposure in the past?
Neil Barua: Yes, great question, Jay. I'll start with the second one. On automotive, I think there's been a massive shift. And our determination and our foothold in that market, I think, is very different than whatever that prior stat was given. And the reason for it is it's predominantly the influx of Windchill and Codebeamer in that group. And this, as you know well, this includes the OEMs and Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3 suppliers. Codebeamer is taking hold on that, and we're just pushing all accelerators. Windchill is also right along for the ride, and you'll see more and more of that come into it versus the design guys, the factory guys, those are there. They're great competitors of ours. We're more focused on helping our customers deal with this entire problem statement of how to build software-defined vehicles at speed to compete against the Chinese. And our tools and our software, Jay, as you know well, is very well placed there. In some cases, by the way, they're looking at Creo. They're looking at other things that we have across the portfolio. But the majority of the strength in that group, and you'll see that continue – again, it might not happen in a linear fashion, but the ultimate over the medium and long-term will be you will see Windchill and Codebeamer really wrap their arms around that space in an aggressive fashion. That's the strategy and kind of direction that we've got. On your first part of your question on digital thread across verticals, there's not really one that's taken – I could say, wow, they've really taken on hold. And that's the amazing part of this business, Jay, which is we look at those verticals, and this is my point of we've got a lot of money on the table to go tell them around how Creo, Windchill, Codebeamer work together. And on the aftermarket service side, how does ServiceMax fit into it, across all the other things that we've got. But in those four core areas, we've got a real opportunity with – in certain segments, already customers using it, but let's promote it across the entire vertical. And that's the area that we're going to keep pressing on. We're going to build product integrations around. We're going to get our messaging consistent around. We're going to do customer reference-ability on. And that's where we think we've got the ability to have a sustainable, low double-digit growth rate in the medium and long-term. That's the goal that we're pushing for and from our perspective.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Your line is live.
Andrew Obin: Yes. Good evening.
Neil Barua: Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Hey. How are you? So we're sitting here right after the election, and we ended up going to a bunch of industry shows. And it just seems a lot of uncertainty that we were picking up from election, this multiyear de-stock really impacting people's budgets that have disrupted operations. Post the election, do you feel there is more uncertainty than usual about 2025 calendar year budgets? Or because the comps have gotten so much easier and we are past the election that sort of created this uncertainty, that visibility has gotten better? Thank you.
Neil Barua: Yes. To be fair, we're 24 hours post the election results. So I was with two customers today already. And what I will say is their commentary and their desires are similar to what it was 48 hours ago, which is around how to make sure we are set up to deal with all the complexities of the world, which includes geopolitical uncertainty. But that's only one facet of it. There is supply chain uncertainty. There is workforce disruption uncertainty and retirements, aging. There's complexity of products that consumers are demanding now as we – again, I'll note the Chinese OEMs. They have opened up the world to saying, let's give the users all this complexity and configuration of products in very different ways. And when you add all that together, what we're hearing from customers, again, 24 hours, but previous to that is we need technology that PTC provides to be relevant to have product data move faster through our organization through highly configured models and variances of their products. That includes software, that includes hardware, that includes electronics and mechanical, so that we could survive. And I think that's going to be, in any scenario, a need that will continue to accelerate regardless of administration and regardless of push in certain geographies versus the others. So that's why we're – what I said was, we're working through a tectonic shift. I'm utterly convinced around the long-term view of it. The linear nature of this on a quarterly basis, you can pick and choose that number. But this business is moving in these verticals because of the urgency of our customers to survive and to remain competitive. And I think those dynamics are perfectly suited for what PTC has to offer.
Andrew Obin: So realignment is a bigger source of uncertainty into 2025 versus macro. Is that fair to say?
Neil Barua: I think Andrew, if I could say, I think it's everything. I don't think there's going to be, at least in the last 24 hours, less uncertainty. I think it's – we're going to see how the next couple of quarters play out, and we'll be ready for it. But right now, we're focused, Andrew, on delivering what our customers are needing from us. And depending on the changes in the environment, we'll be ready for it. We have been ready for it through multiple different administrations for 35-plus years, and we were successful as a company. And we're going to deal the same way going forward for the next 35 years.
Andrew Obin: That's a great answer. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you for your question. And ladies and gentlemen, a reminder to please stay on the call at the conclusion of today. Neil is going to be back on to close us out. We have a final question from today from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc. Your line is live.
Jason Celino: Hey. I appreciate you fitting me in. Maybe for Kristian, if we play back the tape from 90 days ago, I think when you gave us an initial framework for FY2025, you technically said double digits for ARR growth. Now if I look at the guide, technically, it's single digits at the midpoint. So curious like what has changed in these 90 days. I don't know if it was macro or if it's just the incremental conservatism around the go-to-market kind of changes, but just curious on the hair that I'm splitting here.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. I think it's the latter, Jason. I think it's just conservatism around potential impact of the go-to-market realignment.
Jason Celino: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. And ladies and gentlemen, as promised, that will wrap up our Q&A session for today. And I'd like to turn the line back over to Neil to close this out. Thank you.
Neil Barua: Thank you, everyone, for joining us and for your questions today. Kristian and Matt will be both on the road in the weeks ahead, participating in investor conferences. Kristian will be in New York, mid-November, hosting a Mizuho dinner and attending the RBC conference. Kristian will also be going to London, while I'm in Asia in early December, and we'll be at the NASDAQ Conference. Matt will be at the Wells Fargo, UBS and Barclays conferences on the West Coast in early December. And thank you again, and we really look forward to engaging with you. Thanks.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to PTC's 2024 Third Quarter Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Shimao, PTC's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matt Shimao: Good afternoon. Thank you, Adam, and welcome to PTC's fiscal 2024 third quarter conference call. On the call today are Neil Barua, Chief Executive Officer, and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast and a replay of the call will be available later today at www.ptc.com. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call, are valid only as of today's date, July 31, 2024, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's Chief Executive Officer, Neil Barua.
Neil Barua: Thanks, Matt. In Q3, we again delivered solid constant currency ARR growth, up 12% year-over-year, demonstrating that our portfolio products is resonating with customers. Our Q3 free cash flow growth was also solid, rising 29% year-over-year. Kristian will take you through our quarterly results and forward-looking guidance in detail. Before we get into more detail, I want to recognize Mike DiTullio, who will transition out of the President and Chief Operating Officer roles at the end of the fiscal year and continue as an advisor to me into 2025. Mike's part in PTC success has been profound over his tenure of more than 25 years. We certainly wouldn't be the company we are today without him. In addition, he's been a great partner to me as I've stepped into the CEO role. We've been discussing his future plans and we both agree that it's the right time to start this transition process. When we start fiscal 2025, we'll no longer have the COO position within our leadership structure. At this stage of my CEO tenure, my approach is to be close to the business and be more directly involved with operations and execution, especially for our key priorities. Accordingly, I will be assuming many of Mike's responsibilities. Additionally, I'd like to reiterate what I said on last quarter's call, which is that I'm turning over lots of stones and looking at everything in this company in order to usher in a new phase of focus and effectiveness across the entire company. To that end, while Mike's change was externally visible because we filed an 8-K, there are numerous other changes that we have already made and are making across many different areas of the organization. This is an ongoing process that we're doing with the intent of driving more effectiveness in the pursuit of our incredible growth potential. Let's move down to slide 4, which highlights our product portfolio and strategy. As a reminder, our five focus areas are, one, PLM, which is driven primarily by our Windchill product; two, ALM, which is driven by our Codebeamer product; three, SLM, which is primarily driven by ServiceMax; four, CAD, which is driven primarily by Creo; and five, our continued focus on SaaS. These are the areas where we can create the greatest customer value and are the areas where we are focusing our resources and attention. At the most basic level, our customers need to introduce new products at a faster pace and with higher quality. It is not unusual to hear from customers that they need to shorten their new product introduction timelines in half. That's not possible without digital transformation across their workflows, which is exactly what our products enable. It's also worth highlighting that we are bringing our suite of software offerings together to help product companies improve their competitiveness. Given the unique breadth and openness of our portfolio, we can enable end-to-end digital threat initiatives, which leverage a connected flow of product data across design, manufacturing, service, and ultimately reuse. A digital thread enables product companies to break down silos, streamline workflows, and achieve interoperability across departments, functions, and systems, a single version of truth. It also secures the quality, consistency, and traceability of product-related data, ensuring that the data is up-to-date, accessible, reliable, and actionable. With a digital thread, the right data is delivered to the right people at the right time and in the right context across the value chain. The demand drivers for our core offerings are strong and our differentiated capabilities to drive digital thread initiatives are increasingly important to our customers. There is so much we can do to help our customers drive better business outcomes. To unlock this potential, I have started to focus on our operations, taking a fresh look at ways to continue driving improvements. On last quarter's call, we discussed rebalancing some R&D resources away from creating new standalone IoT and augmented reality applications to instead support growth of our core products. That was just the first step, putting in place an organizational design that enables us to scale more programmatically will set us up for continued success in the future. We are now primarily turning our attention to optimizing our go-to-market and G&A activities. As I mentioned upfront, we've leaned out the go-to-market management structure, so there are less layers between me and our customers. At this point, we are moving forward without the chief operating officer and chief revenue officer roles, and I will be working directly with our Head of Sales and Head of Customer Success. We are actively looking at every facet of our business to continue driving alignment and effectiveness across our entire company. It is about focusing on customer value and getting more effective with each dollar we spend to support them and capture that demand. The opportunities to achieve this are significant here at PTC. We are in the early innings of doing this work and we expect the heavy lifting to continue in fiscal 2025. I'd like to turn now to discuss three of our focus areas to illustrate the significant value we bring to customers. This quarter, I'll touch on what we have been seeing with customers of our Windchill PLM, Codebeamer ALM, and ServiceMax SLM products. Starting with PLM on slide 5, this is product lifecycle management, and Windchill is our flagship PLM product. PLM systems tend to be really sticky and are mission critical for our customers. This is software that historically had the function of helping CAD engineers keep track of their CAD files. Now PLM is at the epicenter of digital transformation initiatives at product companies. As I explained last quarter, product companies are increasingly focused on compressing the time it takes to get new products to market. And at the same time, their products continue to get much more complex, both to design and produce. The complexity becomes untenable. Quality and time to market gets impacted. Sooner or later, it becomes very clear that having an advanced PLM system is a strategic necessity. In general, manufacturing companies have a long way to go in terms of their digital transformation journeys. And when a product company gets really serious about optimizing and automating their design and manufacturing processes, we tend to see large PLM expansion projects and step function increases in ARR as customers expand their Windchill deployments in terms of both seats and functionality. A good example of this is our Q3 win at a supplier to the automotive industry that specializes in cabling and wiring harness solutions. Given the rise of software-defined vehicles and the importance of electronic wiring systems, the role of this company in the automotive supply chain has grown. It's interesting that this company already appreciated the value of leveraging their PLM system beyond engineering to drive better business outcomes. They are using Windchill within R&D, but they're currently using homegrown tools to drive collaboration across their engineering, supply chain, manufacturing, and quality assurance teams. Over time, maintaining their homegrown system became unsustainable from both a complexity and cost standpoint. They found it compelling that extending Windchill beyond engineering is easy to implement and provides quick time to value, and they decided to standardize on their Windchill system as their backbone for enterprise-wide collaboration around their product data. Turning to slide 6, the second customer example for today is a medical equipment customer that has been using our Creo CAD and Windchill PLM products for years now. What's interesting is that this customer wants to unlock value by going with the digital thread approach I highlighted a few minutes ago. Our Codebeamer ALM product helped to complete their digital thread vision. After being a Codebeamer customer for about a year testing out the product, they decided they were all in and ready to move forward with their digital thread initiative, and in Q3, they signed a deal with us that will expand their ARR by 190%. As a reminder, ALM, or Application Lifecycle Management, helps engineers keep track of product requirements and tests to ensure that all requirements are met. This traceability is very important in safety-critical and regulated industries, including the automotive and medical equipment markets, and is growing in importance across other industries because of the trend towards software-driven products of all types. Products now contain more embedded software than ever, and for many products, there's been an explosion in the number of unique software configurations that need to be developed and updated over time. Codebeamer is a next-gen platform that enables industrial companies to manage this increasing level of complexity. Codebeamer is differentiated from legacy ALM offerings in two key ways. First, Codebeamer has industry-leading traceability capabilities, and second, Codebeamer also helps with time to market by supporting Agile development processes. Consider, for example, what happens when a company has a product in the field that fails? Regulators immediately want to understand which version of the software that product had, and might even demand that more stringent new requirements be placed on new products the company makes. Codebeamer is becoming the solution of choice to deal with this new reality. Codebeamer is a big part of completing the digital thread vision for this customer because software plays such a critical role in their new product innovations. Before having Codebeamer, they face challenges managing their high volume of software requirements, which led to unnecessary delays in getting new products to market as well as exposure to risk. As a medical equipment company, software innovation and regulatory traceability are front and center for this customer and the value Codebeamer brought to them gave them the confidence to rely on PTC in a more holistic way. They are expanding their Windchill and Codebeamer deployments and will use Windchill as the foundation for their digital thread. The digital thread is becoming increasingly strategic to customers across many industries as product companies see the potential to improve their competitiveness by managing the complete lifecycle of their products in a more integrated manner. What is most important to thread together can be different for different customers. But having visibility to a more complete picture and being able to gain actionable insights through a digital thread of product data is becoming table stakes as the competitive environment continues to intensify across many industries. Turning to the third customer example for today, which is a ServiceMax SLM win on slide 7. SLM is Service Lifecycle Management and one of our main products here is ServiceMax, the industry leader in field service management for high value, long lifecycle products. In Q3, we landed a new PTC customer because of ServiceMax. This customer engineers, manufacturers and services industrial and electrical power systems around the world and they like that ServiceMax has become part of PTC. The drivers behind this win were similar in many ways to the elevator company when we highlighted on last quarter's call. The point is that many product companies are not only focused on managing complexity and accelerating time to market, they are also looking for new sources of top line and bottom line growth. In this example, the customer had a CEO led initiative to better leverage their install base to grow aftermarket revenue in a repeatable and cost-effective manner. Because of organizational silos, the customer currently has fragmented service business operation, which impacts their field service productivity and customer service. They struggle to compete with smaller local vendors for aftermarket contracts to service their own products. The customer made the strategic decision that it was time to transform their service operations and they selected ServiceMax. The ServiceMax system will be their software foundation and single source of truth for their aftermarket services and customer service initiatives. Before going out into the field, the ServiceMax application will help their service technicians understand everything they need to know about the specific product that needs servicing, so that they can bring the right parts with them. The ServiceMax application will also schedule and route the field technicians efficiently and guide the field technicians through complex procedures. As typical of ServiceMax deals, the selection process was very thorough and ServiceMax came on top based on product capabilities they're aligned with the priorities of the customer to drive more proactive customer service, improve visibility into their install base of products, drive higher aftermarket attach rates and improve field technician utilization. Lastly, we also remain encouraged by our other focus areas that they didn't provide examples for this quarter, which are CAD and SaaS. We have been reinvesting in our business, consistently growing our annual R&D investment footprint to provide greater value to our customers. In Q3, we made incremental progress in each of our five focus areas towards executing in a scalable fashion and focusing our investments on the product advancements that customers care the most about. As I emphasized earlier, you should expect to see a continued focus on aligning all our resources across all operational functions in this company behind our five focus areas. This is foundational work and we will be disciplined about seeing it through. It will take time and progress may not be linear, but we will leave no stone unturned, as I said, as we focus on scaling our business and further improving the consistency of our execution With that, I'll hand the call over to Kristian to take you through our Q3 financial results and future guidance.
Kristian Talvitie : Thank you, Neil. And hello, everyone. Starting off with slide 9, PTC again delivered solid financial results in terms of both ARR and free cash flow in a continued challenging selling environment. As you know, we believe ARR and free cash flow are the most important metrics to assess the performance of our business. To help investors understand our business performance, excluding the impact of foreign exchange volatility, we provide ARR guidance and disclose our ARR results on a constant currency basis. At the end of Q3, our constant currency ARR was $2.125 billion, up 12% year-over-year and within our guidance range. Our free cash flow results were also solid, up 29% year-over-year, while at the same time continuing to invest in our key focus areas. However, we came in a bit below our guidance of approximately $220 million due to timing. We have a high degree of confidence in our cash flow guidance and targets due to the predictability of our cash collections and the disciplined resource allocation structure we have in place. With the timing issues resolved, we continue to expect free cash flow of $725 million in fiscal 2024 million and continue to be confident that our business model positions us to deliver solid, predictable results. Turning to slide 10, let's look at our ARR growth in more detail. Starting with our product groups, in Q3, we delivered 10% constant currency ARR growth in CAD and 13% growth in PLM. Despite the overall demand environment, which has been sluggish for a couple of years now, our top line has shown good resilience. Our solid ARR growth is supported by our unique portfolio with a solid footprint in high growth segments of the market and the digital transformation journeys of our customers. These underlying strengths are further supported by our subscription model, our low churn rate and the propensity for our customer base to prioritize their own R&D investments through challenging times. Moving to our ARR by region, our constant currency organic ARR growth was solid across the Americas, Europe and APAC, with growth in the low to mid-double-digits. Across all regions, our year-over-year organic constant currency growth rates in Q3 were similar to the growth rates we saw in Q2. Moving to slide 11. First of all, given the consistency and predictability of our free cash flow, we aim to maintain a low cash balance. As you know, our long term goal, assuming our debt to EBITDA ratio is below 3 times, remains to return approximately 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders via share repurchases while also taking into consideration the interest rate environment and strategic opportunities. Given the strategic acquisitions, namely ServiceMax and Codebeamer that we've done over the past couple of years and the debt we took on to fund them, we've paused our share repurchase program. As we said before, we intend to use substantially all of our free cash flow to pay down our debt in fiscal 2024. And as we've been saying, we'll revisit the prioritization of paydown and share repurchases when we get to fiscal 2025. We were 2.2 times levered at the end of Q3. During the quarter, we paid down our debt by $195 million and ended Q3 with cash and cash equivalents of $248 million and gross debt of $1.8 billion. We continue to expect that we'll end fiscal 2024 with gross debt of approximately $1.7 billion. Lastly, we expect fully diluted shares are approximately 121 million in fiscal 2024, up by approximately 1.5 million shares year-over-year. With that, I'll take you through our guidance on slide 12. Reflecting our year-to-date performance and our outlook for Q4, we're updating our fiscal 2024 constant currency ARR guidance, lowering the high end of the range by $20 million and now expect to end the year with constant currency ARR growth of 11% to 12%. It's worth noting we're updating our revenue guidance accordingly, reducing the high end by $20 million. We're reiterating our free cash flow guidance of approximately $725 million in fiscal 2024, given our year-to-date performance and Q4 outlook. For Q4, we're guiding for free cash flow of approximately $83 million and constant currency ARR of $2.2 billion to $2.22 billion, which corresponds to year-over-year growth of 11% to 12%. We believe we've set our guidance appropriately. I'll get a little more into ARR guidance details on the next slide. But before I do, I'd also like to reiterate my favorite reminder. To help you with your models, we're providing revenue and EPS guidance, but ASC 606 makes revenue and EPS difficult to predict for PTC since we primarily sell on-premises subscriptions. And the way revenue is recognized from these contracts can vary significantly based on variables that aren't necessarily relevant to the performance of the business. I did a teach-in on this subject on our Q4 2022 call that you may want to refer to if you are new to PTC. The summary is we believe ARR and free cash flow, rather than revenue and operating income, are the best metrics to assess the performance of our business. Importantly, we've maintained consistent billing practices over time. We primarily bill our customers annually upfront one year at a time regardless of contract term lengths, so our free cash flow results over time are comparable. Moving to slide 13, here's an illustrative constant currency ARR model for Q4. You can see our results over the past 11 quarters and the column on the far right illustrates what is needed to get to the midpoint of our constant currency ARR guidance. The illustrative model indicates that, to hit the midpoint of our Q4 guidance range, we need $85 million of sequential net new ARR growth. This is approximately $10 million more than we added in Q4 of the previous two fiscal years. And this year, we expect to benefit from Codebeamer cross-selling ServiceMax with an aligned and enabled sales force and approximately $5 million more deferred ARR than we had in Q4 of fiscal 2023. We think our guidance range for Q4 and the full year balance both risk and opportunity. And looking out a little further ahead to our fiscal 2025. And here, keep in mind that we're still in the middle of our detailed planning process. But I would not be surprised if our official fiscal 2025 guidance, when we give it next quarter, was in the low double-digit ARR growth range, consistent with our medium-term targets and in line with our performance over the past couple of years. Again, balancing both risk and opportunity. I also anticipate our free cash flow guidance would be somewhere within the $825 million to $875 million dollar range we previously communicated. Additionally, as we think about capital allocation, I think you will see us resume share repurchases in fiscal 2025 in and around the $300 million level as we balance debt pay down with returning capital to shareholders. Obviously, we'll provide our official guidance on next quarter's call, but we just wanted to provide some directional thinking that we feel pretty comfortable with, given the recurring nature of our business model and the budgeting process we have in place. In conclusion, PTC has a strong portfolio, solid strategy, and a great team of people with deep expertise and strong customer relationships. We're focused on disciplined and consistent execution to ensure we deliver on the value creation opportunities we have ahead of us. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And with that, our first question comes from the line of Siti Panigrahi with Mizuho.
Siti Panigrahi: Neil, I want to ask about the demand environment. How has that changed over the past quarter? Has it gotten worse or still the same? And when you look at the environment turning around, what do you need to see on the macro data or which leading indicator you'd look at before you start feeling more confident about things turning around?
Neil Barua: On the first question, in Q3, we saw very small puts and takes across all geographic regions and verticals. Absolutely no discernible change in any trend there. As we've been saying very consistently, the demand environment in Q3 was consistent with what we've seen over the past couple of years. Good thing, by the way, is our pipeline going to Q4 is strong. In terms of what I'm looking for, what Kristian and I are looking for in terms of areas where we would feel the environment's getting better, is how we think about close rates. And consistently, for the past few years, close rates have been difficult and challenged. Once those close rates on a growing pipeline become better, it is my indication of when the environment is better for PTC in terms of securing the deals in a more accelerated manner. But I absolutely feel good about the demand. In fact, our sequential growth and pipeline is increasing, and so we're focusing on closing deals and how they actually attribute to in-quarter ARR.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tyler Radke with Citi.
Tyler Radke: I guess on the demand environment, understandably it's choppy out there. We heard from Microsoft yesterday talking about EMEA weakness. But could you just talk about the trends that you saw play out throughout the quarter? And I know that you're making some go-to-market tweaks as well with taking on more of the customer work, Neil. But how much of this do you think is kind of execution versus macro? And what are you kind of assuming on the environment here in Q4?
Neil Barua: First of all, I'm actually pleased with the performance that we delivered in Q3. In terms of over the course of the quarter, again, very small puts and takes of any change in trend across geos and verticals. I think we've been focusing and executing quite well in this challenging environment. And again, to be clear, no real change in terms of what we're seeing in terms of customer behavior. And again, maybe different than others on other calls, but I've been very consistent around the environment has been challenged. Even post Q2, we mentioned its challenged and it remains as such because of this point around close rates. And going into Q4, the way in which we're thinking about this is, and I'll take the piece around guidance, the update to the high end of our guidance takes into account how the deals we landed in Q3 will show up in Q4 ARR. It also factors in the close rates we expect in Q4 based on the further maturation of deals in our pipeline. In our view, how those will impact Q4 in-quarter ARR. So that guidance range we feel is appropriate, balancing up the risks and opportunity from what we see from now to the end of the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Neil, maybe you can expand a bit on what you've observed at PTC and also maybe feedback from customers where ultimately operating a flat org structure and taking on the roles and responsibilities you outlined at the start where that makes the most sense and you see an opportunity to actually move results forward.
Neil Barua: A consistent theme from my prior calls around where are we putting wood behind which arrows and that is driven by our belief around where we could drive the most customer value and where we have the highest right to win. And so, that's how we set forward the five priorities of the company that I've been consistently talking about for the last couple of quarters. We did some repositioning of product and R&D capabilities in IoT ARR back to core products to reinforce those priorities to deliver a better outcome of those priorities over the next number of years. The same is happening now across all these other functions. In particular now, the focus is around the go-to-market function, by which it's not around efficiency. It is around are we using every person we have in this company effectively towards those five priorities. And so, we're working through making sure whoever is targeting PLM expansion capabilities is adequately enabled, is adequately incented, is structured in our go-to-market model by which they can be successful that delivers value to the customer and returns to the company. And so, that's what we're working through. And the other stones that we're kind of working through is because we've set these priorities very clearly, we're all really energized by these priorities because we're seeing, to your question, a lot of customer demand and pull from it. We're looking at anything we're spending money in that can be better utilized using that same dollar on things that could accelerate those priorities, whether it be greater R&D capabilities, which we've been doing it, whether it be making sure we position the rest of your organization to serve those customers towards those five priorities. So that's how we're looking at it currently. And again, much work to do, early innings and heavy lifting will continue into 2025.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Tusa with J.P. Morgan.
Stephen Tusa: Obviously, a lot of different cross currents here in the macro, whether it's the kind of budget questions around AI and things like that. Obviously, your key competitor had quite a significant miss. They talked about geopolitics a bit. I guess you guys aren't seeing that. Can you just remind us of maybe how you differ from Dassault [ph] and maybe what makes your model a bit more resilient perhaps? And are you seeing kind of geopolitical issues? Or when you talk about the macro, is it something just a bit more, I guess, financially or business related to customers being a bit more cautious on budgets like we've been hearing for the last year-and-a-half, two years?
Neil Barua: Look, from a PTC standpoint, again, I just want to keep reiterating this. We did not see any discernible change in trend amongst geographies and verticals. Whatever our competitor mentioned, we didn't really see that same dynamic happen in that vertical at PTC. I'm not sure what we're doing different than them, in particular, but we didn't see that dynamic play out here. Partly, we've been very consistent around making sure everyone's clear in the way we're actually operating is within a challenging sales environment. And we've been seeing that and not getting ahead of our skis thinking it's going to change, but being operating under that environment. And I think that discipline with a great product portfolio, I think, is differentiated across the industry with a movement towards building the business towards these five priorities that is more consistent to create the execution. Kristian called, is why I believe we're continuing to deliver the types of results we are and why Kristian and I are looking at Q4 and making sure with this growing pipeline, we continue to make sure we deliver on the commitments that we're making and drive customer value.
Stephen Tusa: I guess just a follow-up, great answer first of all, but just the follow-up. Looking at next year, obviously, you guys have pretty high confidence in, I guess, giving us a framework for next year in this environment. What kind of environment are we talking about to get below the double digit range in ARR? Secondarily, how close are you guys to having the playbook ready to respond on the cash side? Like you said, you would be able to in that environment. I don't think we're going to that type of scenario, but it seems like your model is very defensive from this perspective. It would take a lot to drive you to that point. Just curious what the mindset is around defending the cash at this stage.
Neil Barua: You want to start, Kristian?
Kristian Talvitie: Again, I don't think we really want to get into the nitty gritty details of the guidance for next year. As I said, we're still working through the detailed planning process. That said, I think that we've seen our – we'll call it budgeting process, play out here this year. As we've articulated, we start the year with a range of expected outcomes on the top line. We start the year with a spend run rate. And as we progress through the year, as we get more comfortable, we release more incremental funding into the system. So that's how we try to gauge it and we would continue to try to do that and we're frankly doing it right now already in preparation for next year and that's how we're thinking about it. So we're really talking about modulating incremental expense into next year and hopefully not putting ourselves in a situation where we've got to actually pare back expense. I think we feel pretty comfortable about it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Borg with Stifel.
Adam Borg: Neil, maybe for you, it's great to hear the continued kind of turning over all the stones as you take a fresh look at the entire organization. As we think about go-to-market and potential changes there, how do we think about the potential risk of disruptions from those changes in the near term and how is that contemplated in guidance?
Neil Barua: One of the benefits of having been here now 18 months, maybe a little bit longer, is I've had the time to process, be part of the organization, to think through and observe. I'm part of a number of customer conversations, etc. I've had a great transition process with Mike DiTullio, as I mentioned, and I feel confident that my thoughtfulness, our thoughtfulness around what to change from position of strength, not a position of weakness, is actually a very exciting thing for many people here at PTC to make sure we're enabling them to be as successful as they can across these five priorities. So I actually believe that the work we're doing fundamentally is going to be a huge value to a lot of people here at PTC to unleash even greater work that they've been doing. And so, to that end, these are going to be very intentional moves. I've done it a number of times in my career and it's to drive more effectiveness and I feel really good about our ability to manage through these changes.
Adam Borg: Maybe just a quick housekeeping for Kristian. I know we lowered the top end of the ARR range by $20 million and I apologize if I missed it. I think last quarter it was lowered due to some ARR contracts being renegotiated, more deferred ARR. Is that what we're talking about here or is there something different? And I apologize if I missed it.
Kristian Talvitie: No, there were no other changes to the deferred ARR, like we talked about last quarter. This was simply reflecting – this is I think what Neil was saying earlier, reflecting how our Q3 results came in and the composition of those deals and how they roll into ARR in Q3 and Q4 and beyond and the outlook to the best of our ability for Q4 as well, given the deals that are in play and the pipeline and expectations around what the composition of those deals is going to look like as they materialize into ARR.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Tilton with Wolfe Research.
Joshua Tilton: I actually kind of want to follow up on that last question. I want to ask a little differently. Kristian, I always appreciate your cabin teach-ins. And one of the things you emphasize is kind of the relationship between ARR and free cash flow. And I guess if I look, free cash flow missed by $10 million in the quarter and you're also lowering the midpoint to the full year ARR number by $10 million as well. Kind of implies that there was a $10 million dollar deal or $10 million of ARR that should have landed this quarter and is no longer in the guidance. I guess, is that the right read? And if so, is that because the deal is going to close in later periods or is this just you guys being prudent? Any color there would be great.
Kristian Talvitie: It's a great question, Josh. No, and that actually is not the case at all. On free cash flow is actually simply timing. Just being completely candid, we had a bunch of collections that were due in the last two days of the quarter. The last two days of the quarter happened to be a Saturday and Sunday. We were hopeful that we were going to get that cash in on Friday or before, but obviously customers have a contractual right to actually pay it the following week. And so, that's what happened on the cash flow. We were hopeful that we were going to get it on the week before. We've now got that cash, so hence there's no change to the cash flow forecast for the year. That's the timing issue.
Joshua Tilton: And just to confirm also, more of a clarification, I think heading into the second half, you guys still had $10 million more in deferred ARR in the balance this year versus last year. Is all $10 million of that remaining? Some of that recognized this quarter. Can you just help us understand that?
Kristian Talvitie: Yeah, it was about half of it in last quarter and half of it this quarter. Sorry, I'll be more precise. Half of it in Q3 and about half of it in Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia with Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Neil, maybe for you, it feels like close rates is one of, if not maybe the major reason here for just the revised ARR guide. And so, the question is, can we maybe talk about that metric anecdotally, of course, for ServiceMax and Codebeamer cross-sell? I know the team really enabled PTC sellers to go after those opportunities this year. How has that sort of trended and kind of how are you feeling about those businesses when you think about kind of close rates?
Neil Barua: Let me make a piece of this clear around close rates. Our assumption going into Q4 about close rates and looking at a deal by deal match ratio of the pipeline is no different than our view of close rates that have been evident for the most part in general for the last few years. The dynamic of what we're doing on Q4 right now in terms of guidance, how we think about it is we now know what happened in Q3. We now know the composition, meaning how the deals that we closed in Q3 are going to actually go into ARR, whether they all came into Q3 or whether part of it goes into Q4 ARR or part of it goes into the next subsequent years. So now we have that data point. We have now made the assessment around all the deals that are maturing in the pipeline and the close rates is consistent with what we've seen prior quarters and years. So it's continued challenge on the close rate, not worse, not better. And we've made assumptions around how that ARR when it closes actually comes into ARR. And that's the area where the precision is difficult for the company, given is it going to be a deal that ramps over time? Is it all going to come into one quarter? And looking at all those factors, we determined the guidance range that we put with the risk and opportunities balance. In terms of PTC and ServiceMax, Saket, what I will say anecdotally is we are continuing to be pleased, excited about the buildup in momentum of Codebeamer and the interest and reception we're getting from the market, the reception that we're getting from customers that are testing out like the example that I gave to you that are thinking about broadening the expansion of the utilization across the company in Codebeamer. And on ServiceMax, the business is starting to work in terms of continued buildup of really good pipeline as well as close that happened for the last year-to-date through Q3 and quite a lot of very interesting deals that we're assuming will close in Q4 to allow for a really strong jump off into next year that we will make sure we continue. So on both fronts, all systems go and we're very pleased so far with the momentum. We still have to close and continue that momentum sustained over the next number of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: How are you baking in – well, let me rephrase, your customers' decision-making, whether it's close rates or pipeline or whether they want to expand, how are they baking in the US election into that process? You serve some industries like automotive and aerospace and defense that are sensitive to that. And then how are you baking that into the guidance framework, if at all?
Neil Barua: It's the first time in my career where I've been spending so much time with executives and customers across the world, and they ask me who's going to win the election in the US. It's a consistent and quite a confusing time for everyone around what happens in the US. That being said, I think for the most part, customers are understanding that whoever gets put in the office, a lot of things don't dramatically change depending on the composition, what happens across all different constituents of the US election. And so, part of what we're seeing and part of what we're continuing to assume and hearing, most importantly, for our customers is we got to get on with digital transformation, regardless of if this person's in office or that person's in office, because we are not becoming competitive if we can't deliver products faster, with better quality, and a more sustainable cost structure, given all the things that are happening around the world. I will say that geopolitics, the environment, the uncertainty, wars have been consistent for the last number of years, which is why we continue to say we've not said that the environment's getting better. We don't believe it's getting worse based on this. And we're going to navigate through this time period. And we've thought through that in the way in which we set the guidance here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Richards: It's Mike Richards on for Matt. So I appreciate the early look into 2025. So maybe how should we be thinking about the drivers of that low double-digit growth and how that sort of evolves from this year as it pertains to the five focus areas? And even acknowledging that it's a decade-long journey for SaaS, maybe how that might contribute more to growth as we move forward.
Neil Barua: Again, I think we'll get into providing more details when we give the official fiscal 2025 guidance next quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Neil, Kristian, one of our observations about your largest market historically, namely the CAD market, is that over the last year, the share shifting that we have seen in the prior few years, which worked out to your benefit, has somewhat abated. In other words, share seems much more stable of late in that market. If it should turn out that the CAD market becomes increasingly competitive, how do you think about your competitive responses, perhaps in pricing or packaging or some other means? And again, if it were to become more competitive, how might that affect your broader cross-selling initiatives or ability to close cross-selling? And then secondarily, Neil, I liked your comments on the internal stone turning. Could you elaborate on the R&D changes that you're making, particularly in terms of the common platform that you've been working on, namely Atlas, which we frankly have not heard a good deal about lately?
Neil Barua: On the first part on CAD, we have two awesome ways in which we're addressing the market. As you know, Jay, we've got Onshape, industry's only cloud-native CAD application, and we got Creo, which is awesome, as you know. And so, those two together, we feel have competitiveness. I am not talking about Onshape. It's a great part of our business, building momentum. We feel very good about it, competitive positioning. It's starting to scale. I will talk about it when it has a meaningful impact at an aggregate level to the financials of the business. But, strategically, we continue to make sure our chips are being placed to ensure that Onshape is successful against some of the other solutions that are out there from our competitors. And then you've got Creo, which is a very strong tool. And our belief is the connection of Creo to Windchill and ultimately Codebeamer, the three together, is a very strong value proposition for many customers thinking about how they think about the digital thread. So, Jay, I would say in the CAD business, we're ready, we're competing, we're in several different dynamics of deals that might cause share shifts, might not. As you know, it's not an easy business to do share shifts, but we believe we have a very comprehensive offering on both fronts, industry leading, scale player in Creo, and Onshape, which is starting to hit their stride here and we're going to continue to focus in on it. On your point around turning over stones on R&D, what I'll say is we're focusing in particularly on go-to-market and G&A. We're making sure on R&D, we are focusing on making sure the team is aligned to deliver on the roadmap. Every single one of our customers, Jay, is saying, we love your products, we love where you're going in terms of building feature functionality, scalability of those products, just do it. And so, job number one for the R&D team is keep doing that and do it with precision, energy because our customers need it. So that's number one. Including by the way, the Atlas team, because that is a fundamental layer by which we have the ability to offer our SaaS offerings. And two, continue to build innovative offerings. We're continuing to build ways in which we could add generative AI into our products. We're continuing to do – we just released an awesome integration of ServiceMax to Windchill on-time with great quality on July 11th of this month. We have another release of a ServiceMax ability to – now have ServiceMax able to be sold alongside Windchill in the federal space. So we're continuing to build some of these innovations, including with Codebeamer, Windchill and Creo and Onshape to make sure we're at the best-in-class here. I'll pause there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Clark Jeffries with Piper Sandler.
Clark Jeffries: I wanted to ask Kristian, we're asking a lot of questions here about close rates and pipeline, but maybe going back to that framework that you've set around ARR and what you need to believe on a sequential ARR basis. I just wanted to maybe have the discussion on – in relation to that $85 million for Q4, you called out the $5 million related to some of those existing contracts. What is the percentage in that $85 million that's going to come from uplift or pricing, drivers that are relatively in-hand versus new sales or upsells that might be more sensitive to execution?
Neil Barua: I guess we could take a stab at it. I think I would think about it in a few different buckets. There is some benefit from pricing. As you know, we tend to be pretty customer friendly on that front, but there's certainly some benefit from that. I would say consistent with what's been in the past couple of years. Then I would probably start moving up the stack and thinking about the channel. The channel has been a pretty consistent performer really for a number of years now. And we haven't really seen any meaningful changes in one direction or the other that would indicate a change in the trend there. So that gives us some level of comfort. Then I would move up also more into our kind of base business and base transactions. And again, the kind of volumes that we've seen there have been pretty consistent. And then lastly, you get to the large deals and that's really where the volatility is in any given quarter. And of course, it's also those large deals where you see the other dynamics come into play. Not only is it going to close in the quarter, but if it closes, how much of it's in quarter start? Is it a ramp deal? Is it all starting in the quarter, et cetera? And that's the part that's on a quarter-by-quarter basis difficult to predict with a high degree of certainty.
Operator: Thank you. I will now hand the call back over to Neil Barua for closing remarks.
Neil Barua: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Here's what's ahead specific to investor conferences. August 20th, Steve Dertien, our CTO, will join the Rosenblatt Virtual Tech Summit Conference. September 4th, Kristian will be at the Citi Global Tech Conference in New York. On behalf of the team, thank you again and we look forward to engaging with you.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-05-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to PTC's 2024 Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  
 I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Shimao, PTC's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Matthew Shimao: Good afternoon. Thank you, John, and welcome to PTC's Fiscal 2024 Second Quarter Conference Call. On the call today are Neil Barua, Chief Executive Officer; and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast, and a replay of the call will be available later today at www.ptc.com. 
 During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.  
 Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today's date, May 1, 2024, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements.  
 During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our website.  
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's Chief Executive Officer, Neil Barua. 
Neil Barua: Thanks, Matt. I'm proud of what the PTC team accomplished during our second fiscal quarter. We again delivered solid results, which Kristian will take you through in detail. This quarter continues to demonstrate that PTC is on the right track and that our portfolio of products is resonating with customers. Before going into more detail about our strategy and discussing some proof points from the quarter, I'd like to address our mid-term targets, which we have updated today.  
 To be clear, we are not changing our cash flow guidance. What we have updated is our mid-term ARR growth targets. We are now targeting constant currency ARR growth in the low double digits over the mid-term, which is consistent with the performance we have delivered over the past 5 years through varying macroeconomic conditions.  
 In addition, we feel very good about our ability to hit our cash flow targets even while we appropriately reinvest into the business for product development. This is because we have a disciplined process to manage our internal spending based on the level of ARR growth we are seeing.  
 This year, as an example, our internal spend framework assumed 10% to 12% ARR growth. In addition to adding incremental investment to drive multiyear growth, we are also proactively managing our existing spend. We are able to do this effectively by leveraging the skill sets of our global R&D teams where we could shift the focus of these resources towards the product areas that create the greatest customer value.  
 In addition, we have confidence in generating increasing operating leverage from our go-to-market and G&A teams. The investments we make are aligned to the market environment and our 5 focus areas to ensure appropriate resource allocation towards the areas that create the greatest customer value.  
 As an example, we are currently in the process of rebalancing resources primarily in R&D, away from creating new stand-alone IoT and AR applications to instead support PLM, ALM and SLM growth. While these are not huge movements of people and there will not be a restructuring charge associated with this, it is an example of how we plan to put a greater focus on driving our priorities more effectively.  
 As a reminder, our 5 focus areas include: number one, PLM, which has driven primarily by our Windchill product; number two, ALM, which is driven by our Codebeamer product; number three, SLM, which is primarily driven by ServiceMax; number four, CAD, which is driven primarily by Creo; and lastly, number five, our continued focus on SaaS.  
 I'd like to turn now to discuss 2 of our focus areas to illustrate the significant value we bring to customers. This quarter, I'll touch on what we have been seeing with customers of our Windchill PLM and ServiceMax SLM products.  
 Starting with PLM. This is product life cycle management, and Windchill is our flagship PLM product. PLM systems tend to be highly configured, really sticky and our mission-critical system of record for our customers. This is software that historically had the function of helping CAD engineers keep track of their CAD files. Part of the reason PTC's growth has been so solid over the last few years is because PLM systems have grown in importance at product companies.  
 Today's products are more complex, typically with embedded electronics and software and even the mechanical components are now more complex. To drive revenue growth, product companies have become increasingly focused on producing more variants of their products.  
 Mixing certain hardware configurations with other software configurations, while at the same time, compressing the time it takes to get new products to market. That's a tall order. Simply put, product companies that offer multiple configurations of their products face a diversity and scale challenge. And sooner or later, it becomes clear to these companies that having an advanced PLM system is a strategic necessity. 
 In general, manufacturing companies have a long way to go in terms of their digital transformation journeys. When a product company gets really serious about optimizing and automating their workflows, we tend to see large PLM expansion projects. This creates a step function increase in ARR as customers expand their Windchill deployments in terms of both seats and functionality.  
 This is what we saw in a leading medical equipment company with over $5 billion of annual revenue and 20,000 employees, getting new products to market faster is a top business priority for them. As a first step, they standardize on Windchill within R&D across all their business divisions and harmonize their engineering practices related to product changes and configuration management. By doing this, they established a solid engineering foundation that ensures the traceability work performed and updates made for both productivity gains and also to remain compliant with regulations.  
 Before standardizing on Windchill, this customer did not have an authoritative source of truth for their product data. So whenever they ran into conflicting product data in their system, they lost a lot of time figuring out why that happened and what to do about it.
 While the first step for this customer was expanding Windchill within R&D, they also want to accelerate their new product introduction time lines. To do this, they needed to drive earlier collaboration around new products, across other operational functions outside of R&D. To accomplish this goal, they decided to leverage their Windchill system as a backbone for enterprise-wide collaboration around product data, and they expanded their Windchill deployment to teams, including manufacturing, supply chain, quality, regulatory, compliance and marketing. For example, providing the supply chain team with relevant product data earlier in the process enables any issues around component availability or component pricing to be identified earlier resulting in less need for products to be redesigned or reworked later.  
 Turning to the second customer example for today, which is about cross-selling service mix, SLM into our base. First, a reminder that SLM is service lifecycle management, and our main product here is ServiceMax, which we acquired a little over a year ago.  
 ServiceMax is the industry leader in field service management for high-value long lifecycle products. Our customers are not only facing complexity challenges, competitive pressures have also increased.  
 Globalization has forced companies to be more efficient if they want to remain competitive. They are looking for new steady sources of top line growth and margin expansion.  
 In order to drive scalable service revenue expanding their focus with digital tools on their services operations is key. The example I want to highlight here is one of the largest elevator companies in the world with billions in annual revenue. After struggling with disparate disconnected systems that got in the way of providing good service to their customers, they decided to embark on a complete service transformation to improve both the growth and profitability of their services business.  
 In the future, when their service technicians go into the field to service an elevator, they will know, using the ServiceMax application about the specific elevator so they bring the right parts to the work site. They will know the service history and have service instructions for that specific elevator. And of course, they'll be scheduled and routed efficiently to the job site.  
 Furthermore, the elevator business is highly regulated and the ServiceMax application will ease the regulatory compliance burden by having traceable records of the work performed during service calls. This is how ServiceMax helps our customers.  
 We've been focused on cross-selling ServiceMax into our strong base of customers where we have established customer trust. As of the start of fiscal '24, we aligned the PTC sales team with the ServiceMax sales thresholds to go to market together. And this collaboration played a big role in getting this deal across the finish line.  
 We also remain encouraged by our other focus areas that I didn't provide examples for this quarter, which are Codebeamer ALM, CAD and SaaS. In each of our 5 focus areas, we made incremental progress during Q2 towards executing in a scalable fashion and focusing our investments on the product advancements that customers care the most about.  
 As many of you know, during my transition period before taking over as CEO, I spent time listening to employees, digging into our product strategy, speaking with customers and partners to understand their needs and how we address them. As a result of the time I spend on this, I feel good about our product portfolio and strategy, which guides our 5 focus areas. You should expect to see a continued emphasis on focusing our resources in the areas that create the greatest customer value and where we have a right to win.  
 I've also started to focus on our operations. I begin to examine where we excel and have room for improvement. As you know, PTC has been on a multiyear journey to improve efficiencies. But my early observations are that PTC will benefit from a fresh look at innovative ways to continue to drive operational improvements. I'm turning over lots of stones, and we'll look at everything to usher in a new phase of focus and effectiveness across the entire company.  
 With that, I'll hand the call over to Kristian to take you through our Q2 financial results. 
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Neil. Hello, everyone. Starting off with Slide 8. PTC, again, delivered solid financial results in terms of both ARR and free cash flow in a challenging selling environment. As you know, we believe ARR and free cash flow are the most important metrics to assess the performance of our business.  
 To help investors understand our business performance, excluding the impact of FX volatility, we provide ARR guidance and disclose our ARR results on a constant currency basis. At the end of Q2, our constant currency ARR was $2.075 billion, up 12% year-over-year and above our guidance range. Note that we acquired ServiceMax in Q2 of fiscal '23, so we're no longer excluding ServiceMax from our organic ARR results. 
 In Q2 '24, our cash flow results also came in ahead of our guidance with operating cash flow of $251 million and free cash flow of $247 million, both of which were up 19% year-over-year. Our cash flow performance is driven by our ARR and operating efficiency. And in Q2, we extended our track record of disciplined operational management while continuing to invest in our key focus areas.  
 Turning to Slide 9. Let's look at our ARR growth at a more detailed level. Starting with our product groups in CAD, we delivered 11% constant currency ARR growth in Q2 with the growth primarily driven by Creo. In PLM, our constant currency ARR growth was 13%, primarily driven by Windchill. Despite the overall demand environment, which has been sluggish for many quarters now, our top line has shown good resilience. Our solid ARR growth is supported by our unique portfolio with a solid footprint and higher growth segments of the market and the digital transformation journeys of our customers. These underlying strengths are further supported by our subscription model, our low churn rate and the propensity for our customer base to prioritize their own R&D investments through challenging times. 
 Moving to our ARR by region. Our constant currency organic ARR growth was solid across Americas, Europe and APAC, with growth in the low to mid-double digits. Across all regions, our year-over-year organic constant currency growth rates in Q2 were similar to the growth rates we saw in Q1.  
 Moving to Slide 10. First of all, given the consistency and predictability of our free cash flow, we aim to maintain a low cash balance. And as you know, our long-term goal, assuming our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is below 3x, remains to return approximately 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders via share repurchases while also taking into consideration the interest rate environment and strategic opportunities.  
 So given the strategic acquisitions, namely ServiceMax and Codebeamer that we've done over the past 2 years, we paused our share repurchase program. And as we've said before, we intend to use substantially all of our free cash flow to pay down our debt in fiscal '24.  
 Heading into fiscal '25, we'll revisit the prioritization of debt paydown and share repurchases. We were 2.3x levered at the end of Q2. During the quarter, we paid down our debt by $256 million, and we ended Q2 with cash and cash equivalents of $249 million and gross debt of $2.011 billion. We expect to end the year with gross debt of approximately $1.7 billion.  
 Lastly, we now expect our diluted share count to increase by approximately 1.5 million shares in fiscal '24 versus our previous expectation of approximately 1 million shares under the accounting rules, specifically ASC 260, a higher share price results in incrementally higher diluted share count.  
 With that, I'll take you through our guidance on Slide 11. We're reiterating our fiscal '24 free cash flow guidance and narrowing our fiscal '24 constant currency ARR guidance range. We're taking the low end of the ARR guidance up by $10 million, reflecting our solid first half performance. We're taking the high end of the range down by $10 million, reflecting a change to the deferred ARR, we expect to recognize in the back half of the year.  
 You'll recall that we said we had approximately $20 million more deferred ARR in the back half of fiscal '24 compared to fiscal '23. We've reduced this by $10 million as we've renegotiated a handful of customer contracts. While not commonplace with existing contracts, renegotiations do sometimes happen. Some of you may recall that we had a handful of these during COVID as well. 
 The field teams do a good job here, working with customers in what I like to call a customer-friendly but commercially responsible manner, meaning we're doing the right thing for the customer now while also ensuring that these deals will result in a higher exit run rate and better contractual terms for PTC.  
 We remain squarely focused on long-term value creation for our customers and our shareholders. It's worth noting that we're updating our fiscal '24 revenue guidance accordingly, taking the low end up by $10 million, reducing the high end by $10 million. Additionally, we're lowering the entire range by $10 million due to the impact of FX.  
 As you'll recall, we do not guide to constant currency revenue. Our EPS guidance reflects our first half performance and the impacts of the narrowing of the revenue range and the FX impact as well. And lastly, our free cash flow is also impacted by FX, but we're reiterating the $725 million guidance given the first half results.  
 For Q3, we're guiding for free cash flow of approximately $220 million in constant currency ARR of $2.115 billion to $2.13 billion, which corresponds to year-over-year growth of 11% to 12%. We believe we've set our Q3 and full year guidance appropriately. I'll get into more ARR guidance details on the next 2 slides. But before we do, I'd also like to reiterate my favorite reminder. 
 To help you with your models, we're providing revenue and EPS guidance. But ASC 606 makes revenue and EPS difficult to predict for PTC since we sell primarily on-premise subscriptions and the way revenue is recognized from these contracts can vary significantly based on variables that aren't necessarily relevant to the performance of the business.  
 I did a teach-in on this subject on our Q4 '22 call that you may want to refer to if you're new to PTC. The summary is we believe ARR and free cash flow rather than revenue and operating income are the best metrics to assess the performance of our business. Importantly, we've maintained consistent billing practices over time. We primarily bill our customers annually upfront 1 year at a time, regardless of contract term lengths. So our free cash flow results over time are comparable.  
 Let's turn to Slide 12, and here's an illustration of what's needed to get to the midpoint of our constant currency ARR guidance for fiscal '24. As you can see from the slide, to hit the midpoint of our fiscal '24 guidance range, we need $145 million of sequential ARR growth in the second half of fiscal '24. This is approximately $20 million more than we added in the second half of the previous 2 fiscal years. And in the second half of fiscal '24, we expect to benefit from Codebeamer, cross-selling ServiceMax with an aligned and enabled sales force and $10 million more of deferred ARR than we had in the second half of fiscal '23.  
 Moving on to Slide 13. Here's an illustrative constant currency ARR model for Q3 '24. You can see our results here over the past 10 quarters, and the column on the far right illustrates what's needed to get to the midpoint of our constant currency ARR guidance.  
 This illustrative model indicates that to hit the midpoint of our Q3 guidance range, we need $48 million of sequential net ARR growth. Because our ARR trends tend to see some seasonality, the most relevant comparison is the sequential growth in Q3 of fiscal '23 and Q3 of fiscal '22. We think our guidance range for Q3 of '24 and the full year balances both risk and opportunity.  
 Finally, on free cash flow, I want to reiterate the point that Neil made earlier. We continue to have a high degree of confidence in our cash flow guidance and targets due to the predictability of our cash collections and the disciplined resource allocation structure we have in place.  
 In conclusion, PTC has a strong portfolio and strategy and a great team of people with deep expertise and strong customer relationships. We're focused on disciplined and consistent execution to ensure we deliver on the value creation opportunities we have ahead of us.  
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to the operator and begin the Q&A session. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nay Soe Naing from Berenberg. 
Nay Soe Naing: Maybe if you could start with the update in your mid-term ARR growth outlook, please. Maybe break it down a little bit more in terms of -- obviously, you had reiterated your mid-teens growth outlook as recently as last quarter, it's only been probably 2 months or so now. So what's changed in those 2 months? And also, if you may, could you reference it back to the growth building blocks that you have provided in your previous earnings pack as well, please? 
Neil Barua: Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll start with the first one and Kristian could add. 
 After taking over as CEO, Feb 14, I've been doing my assessment of the business, as I mentioned, across all dimensions on this one on the mid-term target and just to make sure we level set on this piece. For this year, we've updated our constant currency error guidance to 11% to 13%, as Kristian stated. For sake of understanding what low double digit means, I see that as plus or minus that range. And again, over the past 5 years, as you've been following the company, we've gone from 10% growth 1 year to 15% for an average of about 12% through varying macroeconomic conditions. 
 So when I took a look at how I want to put my stamp in a credible way around the company moving forward in the view of the mid-term targets, I looked at all those variables. I also looked at the fact of the current conditions of the market and felt it was the appropriate thing to do to make the mid-term target towards that low double digits versus have the mid-teens target out there. 
 Kristian, do you want to add? 
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. I mean the only other thing that I would say is that every time we talk about mid-teens, we had to caveat the status of the economy and so on. So I think this is just cleaner way to do it. 
Nay Soe Naing: Sorry, I literally just got disconnected and I got reconnected just now, but I'll just read the transcript afterwards. But I didn't catch any of the answers, unfortunately. 
Kristian Talvitie: They were the best answers we've ever given. 
Nay Soe Naing: I'm sure. So I'll eagerly wait for the transcript to come up. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Daniel Jester from BMO Capital Markets. 
Daniel Jester: Maybe on the balance sheet, you made great progress deleveraging well in advance of your leverage target that you want to hit by the end of the year. I guess, one, why not today sort of move forward with the reassessment of the capital deployment strategy. And maybe two, Neil, maybe you have any comments about how you view inorganic growth as the driver of longer-term opportunity? 
Kristian Talvitie: It's Kristian. Thanks, Dan. So I think your question is around why are we not starting buybacks sooner? I guess that's maybe the gist of it. And I mean, I think I'll just try to hit it this way. Listen, we still have $2 billion-plus in debt outstanding. Interest rate environment is still not favorable. The rate on the revolving credit facility we have is almost 7%. And after today's comments by the Fed, it doesn't look like those are going to get any better anytime soon. We've got a couple of quarters left to get through the year here, and we'll revaluate. 
Neil Barua: And on the M&A piece, we've clearly done a number of M&A deals over the history of PTC. That continues to be something that we'll always look at as opportunities to accelerate the strategy of the business. However, given my assessment of the business, currently, I like the areas -- the focus areas that we are aligned towards as a company to execute across organically those priorities is extremely effectively over the next number of quarters and years. 
 That being said, if there are tuck-in acquisitions or things that make a lot of sense to do, we'll always take a look at it. But currently, my focus on making sure the execution around the organic priorities of the business are well taken care of. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Wong from Oppenheimer & Co. 
Hoi-Fung Wong: Great. This one is for you, Kristian. On the medium-term growth, I guess, we roughly estimate that maybe $100 million is coming out of ARR, yet you guys are still able to meet free cash flow targets. I guess, should we assume you guys have that same level of confidence in hitting those targets as you did previously? 
Kristian Talvitie: Yes is the short answer. 
Hoi-Fung Wong: All right. Fair enough. And then for you, Neil, in terms of best practices that you're trying to implement here, I guess maybe this kind of piggybacks on what I just asked Kristian, but like what do you -- what should we expect in terms of driving that incremental operating leverage? 
Neil Barua: As you know, Ken, we've been doing a nice job. The team has been doing a nice job for many years, driving greater effectiveness within the business. But I'm focused on the stones that I'm turning is making sure within the business around how we interact with our customers, the go-to-market motions from a direct and indirect standpoint are done as effectively as we can with the best practices that are out there, but also an assessment of what's the best thing for our customers and internally here at PTC.
 G&A, we've been efficient on that. We'll continue to turn over every rock there. As I mentioned, a two-pronged strategy every year around incremental investments and then what can we take and reposition existing spend to more focused areas that could drive greater customer value and ultimately, value for all the shareholders. And so we're taking a look at that, and we'll continue to drive forward around all those vectors to make sure we're driving the business with greater focus and effectiveness as we move forward. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin from Bank of America. 
Andrew Obin: So you mentioned on the call that the selling environment has been sluggish. Has this bottomed out? And any view on what needs to happen for a macro uplift in the software environment? And also for an industrial guy, if you can point out which verticals are particularly weak, I would imagine maybe life sciences, ag, machinery, but just any color there. 
Neil Barua: I'll start, Kristian, you could add. I don't see right now any change in the selling environment. It's been tough going for at least 6 quarters now here at PTC. That didn't change in Q2 despite having solid results. So the team continues to deliver despite a challenging selling environment. We look at every metric, GDP, PMI, you name it. We have not seen a change yet given some maybe positivity, they have not turned into a trend. 
 I will say from a broad base outside of industries -- outside of specific industries, the point that I think we're trying to articulate is the challenging selling environment really is punctuated in the larger deals. So these are the large digital transformation deals that are 7, 8 figure that I'm truly excited about seeing how the pipelines building on that. That continues to be challenged, the same by which it's been for the last 6-plus quarters around the large yield in getting those projects to be the key priority by which you could get the signed PO and begin implementation. 
 That's the area we continue to work through. To be clear, we continue to do well around securing those, but those are the areas by which the challenging selling environment really impacts us the most, and I don't see that changing right now in the current environment. Kristian, anything to add? 
Kristian Talvitie: No, I think that's right. 
Andrew Obin: And any specific verticals that just stand out as being particularly weak within certain industries? 
Neil Barua: From our perspective, we are -- I feel good about the key industry verticals that you know we play in, Andrew, doing well. Some are doing better than others. I'd say, all are going through digital transformation in a very serious manner. So we feel good about our position in those verticals. It's a question of the largest deals in those verticals. How much can we actually execute and close within a certain quarter. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays. 
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Neil, I'll keep it to one, just maybe for you. When you joined, I think one of the things that was really interesting that you talked about was just being more discerning about resource allocation. And maybe very specifically putting more wood behind the arrow for PLM, while maybe managing other areas like IoT and AR. And you correct me there if I'm wrong. But maybe the question is, what's the next step in that evolution. And as you think about sort of that investment in PLM, what are the areas that you want to bolster the most inside that business? Does that make sense? 
Neil Barua: Yes. Great question, Saket. And just -- I want to make sure I make this point again. We did say and I did say put wood behind more -- wood behind the arrows that matter the most for customer value. 
 We already have done that, started that process. This IoT, AR, those 2 sentences I mentioned, is a very significant first move of executing across that point that I made to all of you for the last 6 months. And what that will allow us to do is make sure in the concept of PLM, as you asked, Windchill, which is this wonderful system that I referenced a great customer is now getting enterprise adoption. There is more we can do around making sure that there's 3 components. 
 Number one, Windchill and the ability for all the enterprise groups that I mentioned have really understanding and visibility and viewability of the data that is coursing through an engineering group as an example, right? And so the product development around making sure the user experience, the viewing of that data is best-in-class. We're working through that with these dollars that we're repositioning from IoT, AR. 
 We're working through stronger integration points by which Creo and the CAD design tools can more seamlessly move through the enterprise within Windchill. We're working through Codebeamer and Windchill integration points by which software configuration management with hardware configuration management can be even more clearly done for an enterprise. We're working through a ServiceMax-Windchill integration, and we're going to keep working through that by which product data can now be seen in the field and vice versa. So those are the 2 big themes. 
 And the third other theme that we're putting wood behind the arrow within PLM is using the foundation of Windchill and all the great things that AI could do and copilots could do with a seamless data stack within Windchill. Over time, we'll work through how does that create value for our customers as well in a differentiated way for them as they use this as an enterprise system. 
 So a lot of great things, Saket, happening on that. And again, theme around focus on the priorities, focus on the core, and let's bring the cavalry behind it, because our customers are really needing it and requiring us for us to show up in this manner and the opportunities is there in front of us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Neil, your comments just now an answer to Saket's question, I think touched on an important point about the portfolio, where cross-selling necessarily has the corollary of increasingly integrating products across the portfolio. So more closely coupling the products rather than loosely coupling the products. So over time, what do you think that might mean in terms of, let's say, the regularity of the business. 
 SLM historically was quite a variable lumpy business. the ALM business is on a good trajectory. But as you increasingly closely couple the various 3-letter acronyms of the business, how do you think about retention? How do you think about variability of the business? 
Neil Barua: Yes. Great question. Thank you for asking, Jay. It is a journey. And as a reminder, we've done a really nice job, and it will continue to have open integrations in the environment. We're not a closed system. And when a customer looks at us, they could see best-of-breed PLM, best-of-breed CAD, best-of-breed SLM, best-of-breed ALM, and we believe we have all of them, right? But the customer can choose from that and feel okay for the interoperability with other systems that they may choose for ALM, SLM, PLM or CAD. So that will be the philosophy we continue to have. 
 That being said, our customers are really pushing on us because there's real value given the credibility PTC has with them of creating even more distinct integration points, UI interfaces that are seamless between Codebeamer and Windchill. Obviously, we have a very strong tightened integration already with Creo and Windchill, we could do more with that, right? And now as you mentioned, ServiceMax, which I will correct you for a little bit, ServiceMax is a very stable recurring revenue business that is native SaaS. 
 So it takes away the lumpiness from the SLM business that might have existed historically. It helps with that. But the main point strategically is as we create better value props, as I answered in Saket's question, for the customer to have product data run, [ while we through ] their enterprise for all the collaboration, time-to-market benefits, quality benefits, we believe customers will choose PTC for a greater number of those best-of-breed solutions in a one-stop shop. 
 But we will make it so it's customer value-driven versus edicts from us saying it's only us you could play within a closed system versus being open. So we're taking the customer view, and I think it's going to win out, Jay, in the long term. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: In the meantime, for, let's say, the remainder of this year or early next year, how would you describe your pipeline of large deals that might have, as you saw in Q2, significantly pronounced 606 effects? Incremental, obviously, in the case of Q2, apparently in Europe, especially. So is there any way to predict the 606 effects and fold that into guidance? 
Kristian Talvitie: If there was a way to predict the 606 effects, Jay, trust me, we'd be happy to share it with you. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Understood. 
Neil Barua: The answer is we can't do that, Jay. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Noted. 
Neil Barua: I will say, though, that the pipeline of large deals, we feel good about. It's healthy and sales team, all of us are focused on closing them. The timing of those always top, as I mentioned, but we have a really nice pipeline that's been growing on those large-sized deals across the world, quite frankly. So we feel good about what we're entering in the second half year. 
Kristian Talvitie: And Jay, not trying to be snarky about the 606 thing. I mean you will remember that the main drivers are the kind of contract and there's the upfront contracts and there's the ratable contracts, the term length of the contract. So those are probably the 2 main drivers. Term length we can try and incent customers to move in a certain direction. But ultimately, they're going to make the right decision for them. And that includes both on new and renewal -- new and renewal transactions. 
 And then as it relates to the ratable versus the upfront contracts, we still have a small base of perpetual support that we're still converting. So every time that happens, you're taking a ratable contract and moving it to an upfront contract. We have -- we're -- as you know, transitioning customers to SaaS. So every time you do that, you're taking an upfront contract and moving into a ratable contract. The moving parts, the volatility is -- well, you get the picture. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Stephen Tusa from JPMorgan. 
C. Stephen Tusa: So the net new ARR has been up nicely the last couple of quarters. You have it guided, I guess, down just year-over-year. You can kind of like cut these numbers any way you want. But any -- is that a reflection of the macro you were talking about? And then when does this now $10 million of deferred go live? Are you expecting that in the 3Q or the 4Q? 
Kristian Talvitie: So let's start the -- I guess, we'll go in reverse order. The $10 million of deferred is also split probably pretty evenly between Q3 and Q4. The other $10 million, let's just be clear, those are still contractual commitments that will -- that have just moved to a future period, right? So they haven't gone away. They've just gotten larger and moved to a future period. 
 In terms of the macro. Again, I think Neil mentioned earlier, we haven't really seen any change really in any direction here over the past few quarters. And as it relates to tying that back to Q2 results, Q3 guidance in any given quarter, there can be a little volatility around lumpiness of deals, start dates and prediction of those that can cause minor swings in either direction. So all in all, we're pleased with the results for Q2. We think we've set the Q3 guidance appropriately and steady as she goes. 
C. Stephen Tusa: And then just one last one on the -- in the appendix, you had in the last presentation, I believe, guided for like cash taxes in '25 and '26. I think it was -- that wasn't in the appendix this time around. Anything moving around on that cash tax guide for the next couple of years? 
Kristian Talvitie: No, not specifically. I think we were just trying to again, tighten up the disclosures. And it was -- to be honest, it was a little weird. We were giving points on certain line items and not other line items. And so we just tidied up the more detailed disclosures to fiscal '24. And otherwise, we remain on target for the other -- for '25 and '26. But there is... 
C. Stephen Tusa: Sorry, one more just to get Neil involved. Is there a dynamic here where your customers are evaluating their IT budgets in regard to AI and that's slowing these pipelines from closing because they've obviously been faced with a different kind of choice that seems like a bit generational in nature. And so is that something you're seeing as far as these extended close rates that there's potentially a bit of reallocation into these new technologies? 
Neil Barua: Absolutely not. And the reason why I say it was such firmness is because in our segment of the market, there is plenty of POC-ing and experimentation and conversations. And what I will say is we're involved in those, right, on a fair number of them. Because while I'm not coming out promoting this on calls like my other peers, we are building and working through a number of ideas around practical use cases for copilots. We've actually put out, like I mentioned last earnings call, a beta for GenAI solution for service that we're getting good feedback on. 
 Where I'm going with this, Steve, is that I believe that AI is not taken away from IT prioritization currently as they're thinking through what the POCs are and what the use cases are, and quite frankly, what they're going to do with it. And vice versa, what are vendors actually going to charge for. So we've got some work to do as an industry around it. I actually think it will happen, but there's no way in which causing anything different than the selling environment because now we have an AI coming on the top of ERP, CRM or PLM migrations. 
 We still are at the top of the heap in terms of the large systems because lastly, and I'll summarize this, I think most of our customers have realized that a digital foundation is necessary before you do anything practical on AI at scale. And that's why you need a system like what we have to offer a PLM, ALM, CAD, SLM, and I think the customer base is primed for that. So we feel good about that dynamic, Steve. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy from Rosenblatt Securities. 
Blair Abernethy: Neil, just one more on the product side, Onshape, CAD, Arena PLM, that's SaaS part of the business, how is adoption going there and growth rates in those businesses? How are they faring this year? And then secondly, as you look to deemphasize some of the other areas, AR and IoT as an example, would that be something you would consider spinning off at some point? 
Neil Barua: So on Onshape and Arena, I want to be clear. Those are very important parts of our business. I'm not talking to them on a call like this up until a question is asked. Because the 5 focus areas drive the greatest amount of customer value and ultimately, economic value for us currently. 
 Now the Onshape and Arena team are tasked with getting on those 5 priority lists, sooner rather than later, and they are working hard at that. And what I will give you color on is I'm very enthused about what's happening in Onshape right now. I think the dynamic of a great product at a time when we have the openness, the customer friendliness of that tool in a SaaS platform is a huge differentiator versus the others that are out there, right, outside of PTC. So we feel good about the strategic positioning. I feel good about what I'm seeing so far in terms of Onshape momentum, and we're keeping a close eye as that evolves around the momentum and by which that becomes part of the top 5 priorities of the company. 
 Arena, similarly, we're seeing good trends there. PLM, they have a very strong set of capabilities, particularly with supply chain. And the module there is catching some really interesting themes. I feel good about the progress we're seeing in Arena for the last couple of quarters. We're staying close to them and making sure that, that momentum builds. 
 But in summary, those 2 businesses, I'm actually really rooting for them with the resources they have, with the attention that they've got from a great leader in Dave Katzman to make sure that they make it on the high priority list. They're not being ignored, they got the momentum and we're making sure that we take advantage of that scale. 
 And so that just answers your last question. I'm more focused on making sure Onshape creates a disruptive force in the competitive market right now and build on the momentum versus anything else outside the business. So I'm looking forward to their continued -- continued recognition and their support as well as productivity within PTC. 
 One thing, sorry to interrupt because I think it is important to make this point to the team here. We're not abandoning IoT and AR. We're absolutely not abandoning those 2 areas. And I'll take AR first. AR, we're not doing stand-alone applications, new product road map, expending resources for things that are discrete markets that have very little tied to our core systems. 
 So that -- those cost items and more importantly the focus will be built upon AR tools that actually make sense within our core systems like Windchill, ServiceMax, et cetera, versus stand-alone applications, which has been the case for the last few years. So we're stopping that. We're still going to support the current customers because that's important since they're part of the entire ecosystem and similarly in IoT, we'll make sure that we support what we've done in SCO, SCP, but position that IoT strength that ThingWorx capability to enable this Windchill expansion in the enterprise. And so we're positioning that to be the emphasis and where we allocate the cost, not an abandonment, whatsoever. It's a repositioning of the focus of where IoT and AR technologies actually makes sense for us. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets. 
Matthew Hedberg: We've spent a lot of time in the past, it feels like several years talking about above-average PLM growth, but seeing CAD continued to grow double digits is really impressive. I guess when you think about -- obviously, macros remain still a bit uneven, but like what are the core drivers there beyond just SaaS, which Creo+ is still early. I guess what I'm trying to get is like this above pure growth rate. How do we explain it? Because it's a question that we often get from folks and it feels like you guys continue to outperform on that line item. 
Neil Barua: So I'll start, and Kristian, if you want to add anything. The -- you're right. We are happy with what we're seeing in terms of our CAD growth rate. And I believe, given my work on this and talking to customers, it's because we have a really great product in Creo. And subsequent to that, we have a growing, very small business in Onshape, right? 
 That's as I mentioned, doing well, and we expect to do even better as the years come by, given the competitive dynamic. So I believe we have a really strong product. I also believe tying this into, as I mentioned, the customer example of the med tech company that's deploying Windchill. What I didn't mention is they had disparate CAD systems as well. And when they went through the Windchill consolidation to make sure Windchill seats expanded within the enterprise, they actually did the same thing with their CAD systems, right? Which helped the business for PTC on that area. So there's a level of customers seeing the digital thread and having PTC be part of that, that's helping, I think, the CAD piece. And so that's one theme. 
 And then two is, around the world, there has been more interest and movement from 2D to 3D. In Japan, that I was in just a couple -- a month ago, the world is still in 2D. They are now moving to digitize, and that's moving to 3D models, which allows for potentially Creo and Onshape to be competitive, some of the offerings out there. 
 So there's a bit of the competitive positioning occurring. I don't think it's the majority of the growth, but it helps us as we display some of the seats in other competitors with some of the dynamics that we have with the full portfolio. 
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. And then, of course, in addition, I know everybody knows this, but the model, we've talked about that before the subscription model, the sales model that we have or contracting model also adds to that growth rate. 
Matthew Hedberg: Appreciate it, guys. Well done. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joshua Tilton from Wolfe Research. 
Arsenije Matovic: This is Arsenije Matovic on for Joshua Tilton. Just a quick question on indirect performance versus direct channel. I think indirect was diluted from growth, about 2 points on a tougher comp. I guess, what's your expectations for the performance of the channel throughout the year? Are they facing any macro headwinds that direct channel isn't facing? And then one brief follow-up. 
Neil Barua: Yes. I've been spending much more time with the channel had out there in Europe with some of our bigger ones next week. What I'll say is, we're -- and under my leadership, we're really making sure the channel is operating with the same sort of energy and focus as the direct side, which, as you could see, we've been delivering solid results on. 
 And by that, I mean, how do we really position our channel partners to really think through the driving of the pipeline and the bookings and the ARR growth that we've been seeing on the direct side and the consistency that we've been showing. And so we're working through that through enablement, through, again, prioritizing the focus areas, showing them what's been working, et cetera, supporting them like I will be next week. 
 So we're making sure that we revitalize the trend lines of the channel to deliver the growth on ARR versus just renewed deals. And so we're going to push on that. And I have a high expectation that if we have the channel partner, they must also deliver the same type of results as we're seeing and pushing our direct teams to do so. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Adam Borg from Stifel. 
Adam Borg: Awesome. Maybe for Neil. Obviously, it's great to hear the strategy around the 5 focus areas. And just maybe drilling into the fifth area of SaaS. Maybe just an update on how Creo+, the Windchill+ are resonating. Obviously, we've talked about this being a decade-long journey. But maybe just give us an update on how these conversations are going and how we should think about that in the coming years. 
Neil Barua: Sure. Great question. It is a priority. We continue to build momentum there. We have not slowed down in terms of our approach, our customer conversations and our intensity to make sure we work through all the automation and back-office elements to make the experience really great. We're working through a number of conversions where we're learning a lot and making sure we continue to sharpen our sword, so to speak, to make sure the next conversion happens more seamlessly. 
 As I mentioned, to reiterate, I see this as a 10-plus year journey. We will do it hand-in-hand with customers so the experience is good. So I think that's been working well. We've also put out new releases of Windchill+ specific to the med device sector, that has greater emphasis around compliance and regulatory issues that we've embedded into our product. We're looking forward to continued view of how that is received in the marketplace. 
 So we are not laying off the accelerator within our Plus strategy across even Creo. We're just -- we're putting out a release now, Creo+. So we continue to invest into it. Again, it will be a long journey. As I mentioned, I view 10-plus years. It might happen earlier. We're building the rep, so to speak, to make sure that we're ready for at-scale conversion into our Plus strategy, and we continue to invest our resources and attention on that front and feel progress is okay to good on that front over the last few quarters. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink from Baird. 
Joseph Vruwink: Neil, just going back to the big deals in PLM, this is something we're hearing more regularly as well, particularly, it seems like it comes up as part of enterprise ERP decisions. But also, the feedback seems to be more recently that customers just need to end up spending more time studying what PLM can do and the studying process and I think appreciating the workloads that matter, it just contributes to longer sales cycles. 
 So I'm wondering if you could maybe characterize how you think about close rate assumptions on this big pipeline. And if you converted at a high rate and these are very large ACV deals, what might that mean for kind of the upper bound of ranges? I imagine the low double-digit ARR growth rate, you're talking about that's probably more of a base case planning assumption. So I guess I'm poking at what the upper end of ranges could be ultimately. 
Neil Barua: Yes. So we have a broad portfolio, not just large PLM expansion deals or displacements to be clear, right? And there's some parts of the portfolio are faster cycle, close rates, some are longer. Very large deals, to your point, like PLM deals take a while given some of the closing dynamics that we mentioned. 
 What I can say is I can't predict when the close rate and selling environment changes. I'm not smart enough to tell you when the world gets steadier, geopolitics becomes less of an issue, interest rate, whatever all the dynamics that causes stress in the system for our customers, I can't predict that. 
 But what I can do is control the level of conversations, the clarity of describing to our customers the value of enterprise PLM, which is what we're internally working on in execution to the external market by which they all know that if you don't deploy enterprise PLM, you as a product company will no longer exist in a few years. 
 And I fundamentally believe that, that is how important a construct of PLM is to our customers, because cycle times, new product introductions, quality, collaboration across the entire enterprise to deliver great products and customer experience. If you don't do that, we're seeing it across the board, you're dead. And I believe our job is to show what others have already done at PTC using Windchill as well as ALM, CAD as well as SLM and make sure we show the business value. 
 And so if you just heard what's happening internally, we're working through that aggressively so that this conversation becomes an easier way in which the customers can see, even if I'm in a stressed macro environment, I need this. Because many customers are already doing this, as you can see from results, but there's plenty more of wood to chop for us. And if the selling environment changes and we have a large pipeline, you guys do math better than me, clearly, we have greater opportunity to execute around ARR growth, that's higher than what we put in terms of our aspirations, but I'm not assuming that until I see that change. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our Q&A session. I would like to turn the call over back to Neil for closing remarks. 
Neil Barua: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Here's what's ahead specific to investor conferences. May 14, Kevin Wrenn, our CPO, will attend the Bank of America Industrials Conference in New York; May 20, KT and I will be at the JPMorgan Conference in Boston; Early June, KT will attend the Baird Conference on the 4th and the Wolfe Conference on the 5th in New York City. On June 4, I'll attend the Stifel Conference in Boston. PTC will also join 2 virtual conferences this quarter, KT at the BMO Conference on June 11, and Steve Dertien, our CTO, will attend the Rosenblatt Conference on June 12. 
 On behalf of the entire PTC team, thank you again, and we look forward to engaging with you. 
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, everyone. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Matt Shimao: [Starts Abruptly] operating results, because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today's date, January 31, 2024, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's Chief Executive Officer, Jim Heppelmann.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you, Matt. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. There may be an issue displaying the presentation materials. So if you don't see them, I invite you to go to investor.ptc.com, you'll find the same presentation materials there and you can follow along. We are right now on slide three. I'm pleased to report that PTC's Q1 results provided a good start to our fiscal '24. We delivered solid financial results, while in parallel, making great progress on CEO succession. Over the past six months, Neil and I have run a textbook transition process and we're nearing the culmination. We spent a lot of time together and traveled the world extensively to accomplish the goals we articulated of a seamless transition that ensures continuity in PTC's strategy and momentum. Neil is ready to be CEO. He understands our business well. He's fully committed to our strategy and he has the full support of an outstanding executive team. I'm confident that PTC will continue to drive growth and profitability well as in the future under Neil's leadership. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Neil to discuss the Q1 results. Neil?
Neil Barua: Thank you, Jim. We're on slide five. Today, I'll focus my comments on three topics: first, what I've learned about PTC over the past several months; second, the drivers of PTC's durable and consistent growth; and third, driving further value creation with discipline and consistent execution. After my remarks, I'll hand over the call to Kristian to take you through our Q1 results and our guidance. Then we will have a Q&A session. Up front, I'd like to say a big thank you to Jim for sharing his industry insight and wealth of knowledge over the past year. The transition has gone very well and has been helpful to have Jim participate as I've engaged with customers, employees and investors. I'm honored to be taking over the CEO role on February 14 with PTC on a solid trajectory. Credit to Jim and the team, we have a great strategy based on a differentiated portfolio of assets and led by a strong team. As I said, my initial focus is on ensuring that we keep building on our momentum with disciplined and consistent execution. Turning to slide six. Our customers design, manufacture and service products. Most of our large customers produce and service the world's most critical assets, for example, wind turbines, tractors, automobiles and MRI machines. The biggest learning I've had relates to what I am seeing in our customer base and how much we could do for them. Digital transformation has clearly taken hold with our customers, around the world, and finally is here to stay. Industrial companies can't have manual, antiquated or disconnected workflows if they want to be competitive in today's complex world. Our customers need to modernize the portion of their operations that spans from design to manufacturing to service. Importantly, our core products are the essential foundation for that. Turning to slide seven. Industrial companies are still at early stages of leveraging product data effectively across their organizations, but they have started to move on in a meaningful way. We see the opportunity the same way our customers do. Digital transformation is a journey. Our broad portfolio provides a lot of opportunity to help our customers be competitive, irrespective of soft PMIs and economic cycles. Next on slide eight. My second major learning is that the overall PTC team is strong and capable. As I visited our offices around the world, I spent a lot of time doing skip-level, one-on-one meetings and town halls. I was inspired by the caliber and spirit of our people. I was impressed by their extensive product understanding and deep customer relationships. Their enthusiasm is palpable. They realize the opportunity ahead of us and that we have a portfolio of capabilities to win big. Turning to slide nine. I also feel very good about the strength of my highly experienced leadership team and how we will operate, going forward. My style is to bring what I'm hearing from customers into the conversation and capture the energy and ideas from each team member. This collaborative framework is already working well. And as a team, we are making progress in aligning on PTC's value-creation opportunities going forward, and our focus energies towards that. Let's turn to slide 10. On our past couple of earnings calls, we have been sharing this framework, which shows the cumulative drivers that support our top line growth. Fiscal ‘24 is expected to be our eighth consecutive year of double-digit organic constant currency ARR growth. A key point to understand is that our top line growth is sustainable, supported by the many layers of cumulative drivers that we have built over time. Each layer contributes to our ability and drive value for customers and as our customers continue to invest in digital transformation, our comprehensive product portfolio differentiates PTC. This is because PTC is the only company that can help industrial manufacturers drive closed loop product lifecycle management across engineering, manufacturing quality and service. Moving to slide 11. We have also been sharing this framework on recent earnings calls which shows the cumulative drivers that support our bottom line growth. As with the previous slide, every layer in this framework is important. The key point on this slide is that our strong free cash flow growth in recent years is attributed not only to our solid top line growth, but also to our subscription license business model and strong operational discipline. I am fully aligned with Kristian on the paramount importance over free cash flow guidance, and we have a high-level of confidence in the targets we've provided. Turning to Slide 12. My philosophy on resource allocation is that focus and discipline are important. To that end, it is our view that we have a compelling portfolio in place. The key things to get right are to focus on evolving customer needs and to drive strong and consistent execution towards that. To ensure this consistency, we will put a clear focus on our highest ROI opportunities. We will be disciplined and unemotional when it comes to prioritizing our time and resources on the products and product integrations that will create the most value for our customers. To use an analogy, we plan to put more wood beyond the most important arrows to ensure we drive the best outcomes for our customers and PTC. Let's now turn our attention to these priorities. Expanding our PLM or product lifecycle management footprint at customers both within engineering departments and enterprise-wide. There are two main reasons for this secular trend. First, PLM systems have evolved to meet the complexities faced today by industrial manufacturing companies. As just one example, the Volvo Group, whose Chief Digital Officer and Chief Technology Officer I was speaking to yesterday, uses Windchill to manage their platform product strategy, which leverages modular components. The sophisticated configuration management capabilities of Windchill have enabled the Volvo Group to produce more product variants while at the same time lowering their unique part count, which is good for the Volvo Group's top line as well as their bottom line. Industrial companies have come to understand that their ERP systems are inadequate to handle these types of complexities. They now view their PLM systems as strategic and spending on PLM is in focus. Secondly, industrial companies are facing competitive pressures and are looking for new ways to drive productivity and efficiency as they digitally transform. They also rearchitect their workflows to streamline inefficiencies and drive collaboration with their manufacturing, quality and service operations. Again, it is the PLM system that takes center-stage as this happens, because the PLM system is becoming the system of record for product data, and that makes the PLM system the epicenter for digital transformation of product companies. Increasingly, PLM systems are being leveraged as the backbone for sharing product data across departments, as well as with design and supply chain partners. This is good news for PTC. The market is coming to us where we are strong. Another large value creation opportunity is cross selling. PTC has done this successfully over the years, and we have additions to the portfolio that are meeting evolving customer needs and therefore present significant opportunities for PTC: One is, ALM or Application Lifecycle Management, which is led by Codebeamer and is now augmented by our acquisition of Pure variants. Here we have the most modern and capable ALM solution in the market. Products now contain more embedded software than ever, and for many products there has been an explosion in the number of unique software configurations that need to be developed and updated over time. Codebeamer is the next-gen software development platform that enables industrial companies to manage this increasing level of complexity. Pure variants augments Codebeamer with industry-leading software variant management capabilities, which is a key differentiator. While demand from the Auto industry and its suppliers are a strong driver of ALM growth, demand for ALM tools is expanding in other verticals as well due to the trend towards software-driven products of all types. Clearly, this is an interesting growth opportunity and we have been increasing our investments and focus in this area. A second cross-sell opportunity is ServiceMax. We acquired ServiceMax in January 2023 and the strategic fit with PTC is solid. For many of our customers, growing the services business is their top priority. As a system of record for high value, long lifecycle assets in the field, ServiceMax significantly enhances our SLM or Service Lifecycle Management portfolio, enabling PTC to now offer the industry's first truly comprehensive solution for service process optimization. The opportunity set here is large, and this segment is underpenetrated today, with most of our wins replacing homegrown or stretchy-based systems. ServiceMax has approximately 300 customers and PTC has approximately 3,000, with the exact same profile. Industrial companies that produce complex, high value assets. This provides us with clear cross-sell opportunities and we have now aligned the PTC sales teams with the ServiceMax sales specialists to go to market together. We are building momentum, but keep in mind that this will take some time to develop because sales cycles for this type of product are long given their new implementations for the most part. Clearly, continuing to grow CAD and converting our install base over to SaaS across all products are two additional opportunities, which overlap to some extent, because we will see conversion of Creo customers to our Creo Plus SaaS offering over time, much like Windchill plus. For customers, moving to SaaS enables a different collaboration paradigm that brings significant productivity benefits, making real-time, multi-user collaboration possible. Beyond the productivity benefits, customers also want the lower total cost of ownership and improved security posture that SaaS offers. As we have stated previously, we see this as another 10-plus-year journey for our customers. We have visibility to solid growth in our core on-premise business; and therefore, don't need to rush things and force customers to move before they are ready. The opportunity will be with us for a long time. Therefore, our focus is making sure our SaaS transition is done with an optimized customer experience. It is a tight community, so credibility and references are important. Wrapping up on slide 13. I'm honored to be stepping in at such an exciting time. There are so many good things happening at PTC and so many opportunities to drive further value. In part because of the portfolio of products that Jim and the team built over the years and the distinct needs of the market, PTC is well-positioned to deliver sustainable ARR and free cash flow growth, based on layers of cumulative growth and profit drivers. We are putting, as I said, more wood behind the most important arrows to drive the best outcomes for our customers, and I am focused on working with the team to enhance PTC's execution on the opportunities that drive the most customer and shareholder value. We plan to host an Investor Day this year and share more about our key medium to long-term opportunities. We are working towards becoming more consistent with our messaging, and more focused in how we prioritize our time and resources. It is a great time to be at PTC because we have a clear path to unlocking a lot of value. With that, I'll hand the call over to Kristian to take you through our Q1 financial results.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Neil, and hello, everyone. Starting off with slide 15, PTC, again, delivered solid financial results in terms of both ARR and free cash flow, which we believe are the most important metrics to assess the performance of our business. Our constant currency ARR growth was 23% in Q1 and on an organic basis excluding ServiceMax our growth was 13%. Note, that we acquired ServiceMax in Q2 of fiscal '23, so starting next quarter Q2 of fiscal '24, we will no longer exclude ServiceMax from our organic results. To help investors understand our business performance, excluding the impact of FX volatility, we've been providing ARR guidance and disclosing our ARR results on a constant currency basis. At the end of Q1 our constant currency ARR was $2.016 billion, slightly above the guidance range we provided for the quarter. In Q1, our cash flow results also came in slightly ahead of our guidance, with operating cash flow of $187 million and free cash flow of $183 million. As a reminder, our Q1 cash flows included a $30 million of imputed interest related to the deferred payment for ServiceMax. Our cash flow performance is driven by our ARR and operating efficiency. And in Q1, we extended our track-record of disciplined operational management, while continuing to invest in key priorities like ALM and SaaS. Turning to slide 16. Let's look at our ARR growth by geographic region. Although FX continues to be volatile and the selling environment remained challenging in Q1, our constant currency organic ARR growth was solid across the Americas, Europe and APAC with growth in the low to mid-double-digits. On APAC our year-over-year organic constant currency growth increased to 14% in Q1, compared to 12% in Q4. And in the Americas and Europe, our organic year-over-year constant currency growth in Q1 was comparable to what we saw in Q4. Turning to slide 17. Let's look at our ARR growth by product group. In CAD, we delivered 10% constant currency ARR growth in Q1 with the growth, primarily driven by Creo. In PLM, our constant currency ARR growth was 33%, 19 points of this growth was attributable to ServiceMax; and therefore, our organic constant currency growth in Q1 was 14%. In PLM, our organic growth was primarily driven by Windchill and also supported by strong percentage growth in ALM, thanks to Codebeamer. Although the manufacturing PMIs have indicated a sluggish overall demand environment for many quarters now, our topline has shown good resilience. Part of this is because of our subscription license model, our low churn rates and the propensity for our customer-base to prioritize R&D investments through challenging times. In addition, as Neil explained earlier, our solid ARR growth is being supported by the digital transformation journeys of our customers, which we believe is a secular trend. Moving to slide 18. We ended the first quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $265 million. Given the consistency and predictability of our free cash flow, we aim to maintain a low cash balance and prefer to maximize debt reduction. Our gross debt was $2.267 billion with an aggregate interest-rate of 5.7%. During Q1, our gross debt decreased by $55 million. We used $181 million of cash to paydown debt, which was partially offset by $96 million, primarily related to Pure Systems and the $30 million imputed interest payment related to the final payment for the ServiceMax transaction, which we discussed previously. We were 2.8 times levered at the end of Q1 '24, and expect that to trend down throughout the remainder of the year as we are prioritizing paying down our debt this fiscal year. We intend to use substantially all of our free cash flow to paydown our debt this year and expect to end the year with gross debt of approximately $1.7 billion. In connection with this, we have temporarily paused our share repurchase program and expect our diluted share count to increase by approximately 1 million shares in fiscal '24. Heading into fiscal ‘25, we'll revisit the prioritization of debt paydown and share repurchases. Our long-term goal assuming our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is below 3 times, remains to return approximately 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders via share repurchases while also taking into consideration the interest rate environment and strategic opportunities. With that, I'll take you through our guidance on Slide 19. We're maintaining our fiscal '24 guidance, and following our solid Q1 results, we believe we're well positioned to deliver on our guidance for the full-year. For Q2, our constant currency ARR guidance range of $2.05 billion to $2.065 billion corresponds to year-over-year growth of 11% to 12%, I'll get into more details on the next slide. On cash flows, we're guiding to free cash flow of approximately $240 million in the second quarter. To help you with your models, we are continuing to provide revenue and EPS guidance, but as a reminder, ASC 606 makes revenue and EPS difficult to predict for PTC since we sell primarily on-premises subscription license -- licenses and the way revenue is recognized from these contracts can vary significantly based on variables that we don't believe are necessarily relevant to the performance of the business. I actually did a teach-in on this subject on our Q4 ‘22 call that you may want to refer to, if you're new to PTC. The summary is, we believe ARR and free cash flow, rather than revenue and operating income are the best metrics to assess the performance of our business. Importantly, we've maintained consistent billing practices over-time, and we primarily bill our customers annually, upfront, one-year at a time regardless of contract term lengths. So, our free cash flow results overtime are comparable. Moving on to slide 20. Here's an illustrative constant currency ARR model for Q2 '24. You can see our results over the past nine quarters, and the column on the far right illustrates what is needed to get to the midpoint of our constant currency ARR guidance. This illustrative model indicates that to hit the midpoint of our Q2 guidance range, we need $41 million of sequential net ARR growth. Because our ARR tends to see some seasonality, the most relevant comparison is the sequential growth in Q2 of '23 and Q2 of '22. We believe we've set our Q2 '24 constant currency guidance range prudently, which reflects an ongoing sluggish selling environment. Putting this into the context of the full-year, let's turn to slide 21. Here is a repeat of the slide we showed last quarter, which illustrates what's needed to get to the midpoint of our constant currency ARR guidance for fiscal ‘24. Looking at the full-year perspective naturally removes a lot of the quarterly volatility related to large transactions and ramp deal and start date dynamics. As you can see on the slide, for illustrative purposes, even if the full-year is flattish with the last two years from a net new ARR perspective, given the incremental $20 million of deferred ARR in the back half, which we've talked about before, we would be at 12% growth for the year. We think the full-year guidance range of 11% to 14% balances both risk and opportunity. Finally, on free cash flow, we continue to have a high degree of confidence in our quarterly and full-year guidance because of the predictability of our cash collections and the disciplined budgeting process, we have in place. So in conclusion, PTC has strong portfolio and strategy and a great team of people with deep expertise and strong customer relationships. We're focused on disciplined and consistent execution to ensure we deliver on the value creation opportunities we have ahead of us. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Joshua Tilton with Wolfe Research. Joshua, your line is open.
Joshua Tilton: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I'll try and sneak it, maybe two in here, if I can. Just the first one, I thought it was pretty interesting that you mentioned the selling environment kind of still remains challenging and sluggish this quarter. I guess my questions is, was it more challenging than you guys were expecting 90 days ago? Is it any better than Q4? And maybe kind of how do you expect that selling environment to be for the rest of the year?
Neil Barua: Yes. Thanks for the question. This is Neil. We haven't seen any change. It's been a sluggish sales environment for a number of years now, particularly around the approval cycles of our customers. It's just taking a lot, and it has been for multiple years. Nothing has changed worse or better since I've been here during the transition time, and currently how we're looking at Q2.
Joshua Tilton: And maybe given that answer and the guidance that's kind of out there, it is implying that a lot of growth, especially in the net new ARR, is to come through in the second half. And, I guess maybe just remind us, I know you have the deferred ARR balance, but what's kind of giving you guys the confidence in that second half net new ARR growth, especially in the context of the 2Q guide?
Neil Barua: Yes. I'll start, and Kristian could add if I missed anything. First of all, looking at the pipeline of opportunities, I feel confident around the number and the size of the deals, the criticality of the customers, the importance of the customers that we're working with hand-in-hand to get to a conclusion, to move them down this digital transformation journey. And so, when we look at that, that pipeline is interesting to us in a manner that gives us confidence around the guidance that we gave to you that we are now targeting. And so, that's an element of it. Again, to be clear, this doesn't assume that anything changes in the selling environment from now to the end of the year. There's just an element of pipeline and a seasonality that we've always had, quite frankly, in the second-half, where these types of deals we've historically been able to close out and our intent is to do the same this year.
Joshua Tilton: Super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Clark Jeffries with Piper Sandler. Clark, your line is open.
Clark Jeffries: Hello. Thank you for taking the question. Great to see the resiliency of the business. Neil, I was hoping you could expand on your comments around the timeline for the cross-sell for ServiceMax. It seems like you've made some early progress in aligning the go-to-market. But could you help us think through what that success in cross-sell looks like in fiscal '24? What it looks like in fiscal '25? And what's a reasonable timeline to reach its stride in terms of reaching the existing customer base as well? Thank you.
Neil Barua: Yes, Clarke, great question. Thank you for asking it. Look, the first year -- since clearly, I'm very familiar with ServiceMax, given my background, the first year has been integration work and really getting to know the ways in which the ServiceMax team could interact in a precise way with the PTC team. We did that. We accomplished that. We had early success, which creates some momentum. Secondly, after we saw that, we've implemented a far more constructive and direct selling process by which the ServiceMax sellers are now very much tied into how the PTC sellers are going forward, in this fiscal year. And what that's caused is two things. The customer base is now understanding of the PTC broader value proposition of the digital thread and why ServiceMax is so critical to be part of that, number one. So that's creating a level of interest, engage rate and, quite frankly, momentum that we've already been seeing. And two, the sellers now have a familiarity of speaking the language that's necessary for ServiceMax to begin scale. I foresee this year to be a time period, given the sales cycles of ServiceMax, these are all new implementations for the most part, even if they are already existing PTC customers. That takes a bit of time. And I see this year as building that momentum by which, as we said when we made the ServiceMax acquisition, this is a mid-teens-plus grower. And my expectation is, this year is the building blocks by which the subsequent years really define that sustainable mid-teens growth over or above with ServiceMax.
Clark Jeffries: Perfect. I really appreciate the color. Look forward to the Analyst Day. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yun Kim with Loop Capital. And Yun, your line is open.
Yun Kim: Hi, congrats on a solid quarter, Jim, Neil and Kristian. ARR growth, Creo CAD has been incredibly resilient for a long time. How do you see that playing out this year? Can it keep growing in the double digit consistently this year? And do you need Creo+ to kick-in to provide a tailwind for it to keep growing in the double digits?
Neil Barua: Great question. And one of the great things with the transition with Jim is I'm far more well-versed in the amazing product that we have in Creo. And like you said, good performance from Creo. We expect that to continue. This is Creo on-premises, Creo throughout the course of this year, given the differentiation, given the strength of that product. And quite frankly, Creo+ is very limited, if at all, in terms of impacting our Creo results and the strength of it, in the near to maybe even the medium term. Like I said, that SaaS journey will be a 10-plus year journey. We're already seeing the strength of Creo on-prem, feel like that double-digit growth is sustainable. Creo+ over time, as the market adopts it, is cherry on the top.
Yun Kim: If I could just sneak one in for Kristian. Kristian, I believe this is a big -- much, much bigger year for renewals. Do you expect to continue to focus on increasing contract length? And remind us where we are in terms of overall contract length where that has been trending, and any update on the churn rate?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Hey, Yun, thanks for the question. Churn rate continues to be low and steady, so let's start with that one. And yes, we will continue to try and move contracts to longer-term contracts, which we believe is beneficial for our customers as well as actually for PTC. So we'll continue to try and move in that direction. And then lastly, I think, your question was around the average contract length, which as it stands right now, still hovers around a two-year term.
Yun Kim: Thanks so much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. Matt, your line is now open.
Matt Hedberg: Great. Thanks, guys. And Jim, congrats on the run as well and Neil officially taking over on, I think, the 14th, you said. So great run, Jim and Neil, looking forward to this next journey here. I guess, I had a question, Neil. You mentioned -- there's been a lot of focus on Creo+ and Windchill+. And you had some comments in your prepared remarks on the SaaS transition. I don't think a lot of people feel like this is really like what we typically see in a SaaS transition because I think you're not trying to like push customers there, but to move to the SaaS variants. But just maybe how do you kind of philosophically think about that? And are there things perhaps that you can do to sort of show the functionality, that's where it's going in the plus variants? And I don't know, maybe there's some pricing or incentives that could drive that behavior. But it feels like it's an accretive thing for you and beneficial to the customer as well.
Neil Barua: Great question, Matt. Thanks for asking it. It's important to us. Let me just make sure I reiterate this. We have a view, I have a view, that was consistent with Jim's view that the industry will go do SaaS. That's an inevitability. As I said, we believe it's going to be, in my estimation, a 10-plus-year journey. It could be wrong, it could move faster, could take a little bit longer. But the way in which we're thinking about it here, with already some momentum built, particularly in Windchill+, Creo+ we launched a couple of quarters ago, we're building with customers already, the resilience, the scalability, the repeatability of a SaaS offering by which when other customers of similar complexity or size or segments are ready to take it on, we have built the strength and the capabilities to do that. And so, the way in which we're doing is, we're not taking any foot off the accelerator in terms of our focus, energy, investment into our plus strategy. But we do want to force customers, different than others out there, but it's very important philosophically as you ask for us to have a way in which we work with our customers as they need to migrate for their value prop to move from an on-prem system to a SaaS offering, we will be there hand-in-hand to do that. And our ultimate belief is, that will reward us in a meaningful way. When the dam breaks, we might -- we will not only get the conversion of our existing on-prem customers to the SaaS offering, but have a differentiated offer for those in other competitive environments that might want to move to the best-in-class solution at PTC.
Matt Hedberg: Got it. Thanks a lot. Super helpful.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Adam Borg with Stifel. And Adam, your line is now open.
Adam Borg: Awesome. Thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe for Neil, it was pretty interesting when you talked in your script about focusing resources towards the highest priority areas. A lot of focus, obviously, on PLM, the upsell opportunities you've had. Maybe talk a little bit about IoT and AR and how you're thinking about those opportunities? And then, I have a quick follow-up.
Neil Barua: Yes. Very important question. And to be clear, I'm going to be very consistent around making sure, across the broad portfolio of capabilities we have, to make sure with all of you, we focus in not only internally, but as we report our messaging to you around the largest value creation from an aggregate dollar perspective, those priorities, which I made around PLM, SLM, with ServiceMax, ALM, the CAD piece of it as well as how we transition our customers to SaaS. That doesn't mean IoT, AR, Servigistics Arbortext, FlexPLM aren't important. I have and we have leaders there, capable leaders working through that, many of which are important to our digital thread, many of which of those products are important to industrial manufacturers going through a digital transformation. And what I meant by prioritization and focus is as a general way in which the company has done for many years now, during the planning process, I'm making sure with the team here that, like I said, we put more wood behind the arrows that create the highest value creation opportunities and make sure those that might not have as strong of an outlook or have a different investment profile, we look at that with the time horizon and make the right concise decision to prioritize where we put the investment dollars, and where we may want to de-prioritize a few of those based on the outlook of that business. Right now, we have a very broad portfolio, I feel good about it. But, we've been doing it consistently over the last three years just making sure we're placing the next incremental dollar in the highest value creation opportunities, going forward.
Adam Borg: Incredibly helpful. I really appreciate that. Maybe just a quick follow-up for Kristian just on the model. I think the guidance implies on OpEx, a 200-basis-point increase in OpEx spend relative to the guidance you talked about 90 days ago. Maybe talk a little bit more about what are the areas that you're looking to drive increased investments? Thanks so much.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Hey, Adam, it's Kristian. No, I mean, I think that our OpEx guidance for the year is pretty well in line -- it remains unchanged from really what we would have said 90 days ago. In terms of areas where we're investing incrementally this year, it's what we've been talking about. There's ALM in particular, there's some investments into SaaS, which includes Windchill+, includes Creo+, actually includes some Atlas those are areas where we've got incremental investment going this year. But in terms of change to the investment profile from last quarter, I'm not sure I'm tracking with you.
Adam Borg: Got it. We can talk more offline. Thanks so much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird. Joe, your line is open.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Thanks for taking my question, and also wanted to extend my best wishes to Jim. Another one on just maybe more recent performance. So 1Q was a good quarter for new ARR added. You finished above guidance. I think, you grew that line 20% year-on-year. Anything to call out just in terms of what drove the upside in the 1Q plan? And then, maybe looking to 2Q, any discrete factors that would explain kind of a year-over-year decline in new ARR added? Or maybe relatedly, is deferred ARR factoring any more or less in the outlook today?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Hey, it's Kristian. Thanks. Good question. So again, I think Q1, again, despite a challenging environment, I think we executed well. I think that across geographies, across product segments, hopefully, that showed through in our results. As far as the full-year is concerned, again, we are maintaining our full-year guidance, as we start looking at Q2 here. I think, we're just trying to be prudent on the immediate-term outlook. But as a reminder, I guess, for everybody as it gets back to the -- there's ARR and then there's cash flow. And on the cash flow side of things, whether there could be more volatility on ARR on the cash flow side of things, both from a quarterly and annual guidance perspective, I think, we feel very good about that guidance. But otherwise, I think seasonality is kind of in line with last year from an ARR perspective, taking into account the incremental deferred we've talked about ad Nauseam.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tyler Radke with Citi. And Tyler, your line is now open.
Tyler Radke: Thanks so much for the question and congrats to you, Neil, and Jim. Look forward to the next journey here. Neil, you talked about how you made a number of observations across the product portfolio in your time here. One of the things that stood out to me was on your comments on the SaaS transition, kind of talking about it as a 10-year journey. I think in the past, PTC had talked about it, maybe a little bit more medium-term than that. So I'm just wondering, and maybe the question is for Kristian, is there any impact we should think about on the medium or long-term financial targets, as it relates to that? And then conversely, what are you seeing on the on-prem side maybe that surprised you to the upside that's giving you that confidence, that it's about a little bit of a longer time frame? Thank you.
Neil Barua: Hey, Tyler. So let me try, and then Kristian could add to this. The two actually are related, your two questions. And as you know, the on-prem business is delivering really solid growth. And one of the reasons why we talk about PLM, PLM expansion, we are still in the early innings of PLM, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, in the early innings of being the system of record for product data across our customer base. It is happening in many cases. But there is, as far as the eye can see, in all the travels Jim and I have been doing to meet with customers, it is now happening. And so -- and this is based on our on-premise Windchill systems. So that gives the confidence as we think through structuring, scaling, enabling our sellers, the marketing around it, to make Windchill that system of record for product data that we're seeing in already some of our customers, that's why I have the confidence around really putting the wood behind the arrow around that initiative, combined with the ALM initiative that has a very interesting growth factor that we talked about, that is predominantly on-premise. It will move to cloud over time. But those two growth vectors are and the wood behind those two arrows are on-premise to be crystal clear. And then as a prior question asked, our Creo on-premise business is solid and rocking and rolling. So those three things combined, lastly, with the ServiceMax cross-sell, which is a SaaS product, as you know, Tyler, those give the confidence around the continuation and the types of guidance that we put out in the mid and long term. That being said, for the mid-teens and the -- midterm to long-term ARR guidance, there is an element of SaaS starting to transition into that ARR growth rate in the mid- to long-term. My point around the 10-year is the industry and all our customers will take, in aggregate, that long, but we already are taking Windchill+, some Creo+ customers along in the journey. And that should accrete in the mid and long term. And maybe we see the dam break earlier and it accretes faster, but our estimate is to be tempered here and to work with customers hand-in-hand to get that upside on the SaaS transition. Kristian, anything to add?
Kristian Talvitie: I think that was spectacular.
Neil Barua: That's the first time Kristian Talvitie complimented me. Thank you, Kristian.
Tyler Radke: Thank you, guys. And so just to clarify, no changes to the medium- or long-term targets? Sounds like no, but I just wanted to clarify.
Neil Barua: No.
Tyler Radke: Awesome. Thanks so much.
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from the line of Matt Broome with Mizuho Securities. Matt, your line is open.
Matt Broome: All right, thanks very much. I'll add my congratulations to both Jim and Neil. So maybe just on partnerships, it's clearly a lot happening with Ansys right now. I'm just curious if you have a view on how this proposed acquisition by Synopsys might affect your partnership there. And maybe if you could remind us the sort of materiality or the strategic importance of that partnership to you.
Neil Barua: Yes. Look, Ansys has been a good partner of ours for many years and will continue to be a good partner. They are part of how we talk about and have a value prop around Creo and the added simulation capabilities. And we help them similarly, right, around what they're doing on simulation with ours. So it's a very good partnership for both sides and critical to both sides to a certain extent. To be clear, too, this is actually if the deal goes through, right? I'm not a regulator so I can't speculate on that. But if the deal goes through and Synopsys is the eventual owner of Ansys, the great thing for us is there's zero overlap that we have with Synopsys, which might, over time, I don't know yet, but might, over time, create an opportunity for us.
Matt Broome: Excellent. And then maybe if I could just also ask just how your business in China resolved during the quarter? And if you've seen any incremental impacts from any sort of regulatory restrictions there? Thanks.
Neil Barua: Yes. We haven't seen China be a drag on us.
Matt Broome: Perfect. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Tusa with JPMorgan. And Stephen, your line is now open.
Stephen Tusa: Hey, guys. Good evening.
Neil Barua: Hey, Steve.
Stephen Tusa: Kristian didn’t come across to me as the managing uptight, but that was a heck of a comment to the new boss. Smart move.
Kristian Talvitie: I wanted to say it might be the first time I've complimented anybody.
Jim Heppelmann: And I might second that.
Stephen Tusa: I think just going back to the question on costs. I think in last quarter's presentation, you said that non-operating, kind of non-GAAP operating would be up 6% to 7% I think you're saying now 7% to 8% or something like that. I think that's what the prior question was referring to. Maybe that's 4 times or something like that. I think that was probably the source of that question. Just curious as well on that.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, that would be FX-related.
Stephen Tusa: Yes, okay. That makes sense. And then just on your ARR kind of leverage down to free cash, you beat ARR this quarter by a little. You raised -- you beat cash by $3 million. It was like a 20% to 25% drop through on that ARR beat. Is there anything to that math? I know you guys have said with upside ARR, you'll probably invest some of that away so we should just keep an eye on your cash guidance. But is there anything to math like that, where if you get a little bit of that extra ARR, that like it's kind of hard to invest in a way that you will get some upside drop-through on that ultimately? Or am I thinking too much?
Kristian Talvitie: Really, no, no. That's a great question. And so let's just -- I think the right -- the thing that you need to remember with ARR and cash flow is, we'll call it ARR equates to invoicing and then cash flow relates to collections and payments. And so our standard terms are 30 days, and depending on the customer, our average terms are definitely longer than 30 days. But let's just work with 30 days, which means that any incremental ARR that we get in a quarter, that comes in the last month of the quarter actually, isn't impacting that quarter's cash collections and therefore that quarter's cash flows. That all goes to the subsequent quarter. So you have to just remember that time lag when you're thinking about it. Does that make sense, Steve?
Stephen Tusa: Yes. Yes, makes a ton of sense. One last one for you on cash. Last quarter, you said 55% of the year will come in the first half. I think this quarter, it's now 58%, so a little more front-end loaded. Again, anything going on there? I mean, it would, I guess, make us feel -- we all feel, I guess, better about the year when it's a little more front-end loaded. But anything going on there from a timing perspective that stands out?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, I feel better when it's more front-end loaded too, Steve. And I think what we said, if we're going to be super technical about it, is more than 55%. And now we're just kind of honing in on the map and saying it's going to be more like 58%. But otherwise, I think we had great collections performance here in Q1 and the outlook for Q2 is solid as well. So I think we feel pretty good about the range for Q2 and obviously our outlook for the year.
Stephen Tusa: Great. Thanks a lot. Appreciate the color.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Jay, your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. You noted on the call your closed-loop life cycle strategy and your cross-selling structure and process. The question I have is about customers' receptivity to cross-selling. And what I mean is, do you see any correlation between the likelihood of cross-selling and the size of the customer or the customer's products and/or perhaps the end market? Is there anything that will make a customer in industry X or where product Y more receptive to your multi-solution cross-selling approach than perhaps another customer might be? Then a follow-up.
Neil Barua: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jay. In terms of ServiceMax cross-sell, a key factor is having product companies, OEM manufacturers having long life cycle assets in the field. And if you want to double-click, critical assets within life sciences, electronics and high tech, the industrial manufacturing space, the ones that are in the field for a long time, the product companies are now needing service revenue to offset any declines or lack of new product innovation to make sure that they're getting a consistent durable revenue stream themselves. So that's a consistent correlation that we're seeing from a customer lens. Two is when a customer has Windchill, one thing that's really interesting is this past quarter, we won a very large industrial manufacturing win at ServiceMax, over a 7-digit-plus deal that, quite frankly, I was trying to win for five straight years at ServiceMax on our own unsuccessfully. And we were able to take this deal down because the customer has Creo and Windchill. And they, over time, as they implemented ServiceMax, want the asset field record, the system of record of the asset to actually flow back to their PLM system. So the combined solution, Jay, of -- and the correlation point of a customer with Windchill with long life cycle assets that they produce is a really nice makeup, which brings that math of 300 ServiceMax customers equated with 3,000 similar like-minded PTC customers. Last thing quickly on ALM, which is actually a big cross-sell for us as well, that's interesting to us on the other side of it. So as we mentioned I think last earnings call, we've been seeing Codebeamer as a tip of the spear where we're particularly in automotive, automotive suppliers where now we're getting in the conversation as we're showing them the Codebeamer value prop, we also have a PLM system that might not be PTC, how can the two work together with hardware configuration management, with software configuration management, Codebeamer. Should we actually look at PTC for the combined offering? That's interesting to us. We're starting to see it. I wouldn't call it a trend yet but it's another opportunity that might have a correlation that we're starting to see some early signs of, Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Also, over the last two or more years, it's been demonstrable that Creo and Windchill have gained share, as you know. And I think there are some describable reasons for that. But over the course of fiscal -- of calendar '23, it did look as though CAD market shares were beginning to stabilize. And I'm wondering if you are beginning to see any evolutions or new dynamics in either CAD or PLM suggesting that customer requirements or selection criteria or anything of that kind might be changing from what they've been over the past number of years as it might affect your Creo or Windchill momentum?
Neil Barua: Yes. I'm going to -- I'll take the Windchill piece, and maybe I could ask Jim as I'm getting deeper into the Creo piece to comment on that. But one of the interesting things we're seeing with our prioritization of putting wood behind more of the arrow in the PLM expansion category, which is predominantly Windchill, as you know, Jay, is when customers are going through an ERP migration, particularly SAP to S/4HANA, we're seeing that as a really interesting point where the customer is looking at what workflows belong in ERP system versus MBS versus a PLM system. And we're actually feeling advantaged when that introspection is happening to have more functionality being put within a PLM system, which makes Windchill far more important in the transition process. So that's a theme we're starting to see, number one. And number two, again to reiterate, the idea of having a broad portfolio not only on the SLM side, ALM side, I believe we're starting to have the customer conversations where having a Windchill PLM system becomes more critical to have a common data flow over time through the thread. And we'll see whether that amounts to competitive placements, but we see that as a continuation of some themes that are interesting for us for Windchill expansion. Jim, do you want to talk about Creo?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, maybe I could add. Jay, I think your point is that PTC has had good double-digit growth, steady as she goes, for some years now with Creo. And some of the competitors have lost momentum and then seemingly gained some of it back. I think you know we have one European competitor in particular whose customers aren't that happy, and that dynamic serves us very well. Now it looks like they have some momentum, but I think you remember, too, they put through some fairly nasty price increases, which I think might cover up a little bit what's really happening because the price increases might give them some short-term growth but actually exacerbate the problem that the customers are frustrated about. So I don't know. I feel like our business has been steady. And we think, as Neil said clearly before, will continue to be steady. Creo+ maybe offering a bit of a tailwind over time. I think that we're in a position to take share with Creo and to take share on the other end of the customer base with Onshape. And so I like our CAD prospects.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Very good, thank you.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Saket Kalia with Barclays. Saket, your line is now open.
Saket Kalia: Okay great guys, hey thanks for squeezing me in here. I'll keep it to 1 question. Just first off, congrats, Neil, on the upcoming appointment, and Jim, tip my cap to you for all the years at PTC and the industry. The question I want to focus on here maybe for Kristian and Neil is just the ALM business overall, right, really spearheaded by Codebeamer. How do we -- can you just maybe give some contours on roughly how big that business is from an ARR perspective, how fast it's growing roughly? And Kristian, you talked about sort of the range of outcomes in sort of this ARR guide. How much can Codebeamer sort of affect that range of outcomes? Because it just sounds like there's a lot of excitement, a lot of product success there. I wanted to just put some numbers around it to the extent we could.
Neil Barua: Yes. I mean, I'll start, Saket. Good to hear your voice. I'll let Kristian talk about if we do break out ALM from a size perspective. But it is, from my perspective, nowhere near the size of Creo and Windchill at this current time. However, the pace of growth is extremely exciting. I mean, as fast as I've seen West Coast start-ups start growing, I'm starting to see that same level of percentage growth year-over-year. We got some work to do so it's not going to be a straight up into the right line. But that being said, one of the things we've been seeing is Codebeamer is catching fire. I think we mentioned that as a quote from last quarter's call. And we're seeing as the adoption occurs or a POC occurs at a large automotive company that, for example, Jim and I were in Japan. Once they start testing out, this thing goes big relatively quick. As an example, we won a very -- what we thought was a very large Codebeamer, not the one that we press released, another one within Q4, right, of last year of a large European auto maker. This last quarter, we got an add-on order already of sizable value from that same customer. So that's leading to this excitement piece, number one. Number two is some of these deals with Codebeamer are very substantial size, right? Not only the add-on orders but like the size of the deal because the users that need software development tools like Codebeamer, are, in some cases, a lot larger of a population than the mechanical engineers. And so that's why it has such a what we call a prioritization of the high dollar value creation opportunities. That's why part of that.
Jim Heppelmann: Could I just add? It's also a very strategic high ground. It's an important piece of business to win.
Saket Kalia: Absolutely, absolutely. Anything we could talk about in terms of, again, just sort of contours, rough sizing, because it does feel like an important sort of long-term investment area?
Neil Barua: Yes, here. So let's just try rough sizing and say it this way. This year, we ought to pass through the $100 million mark on ARR with our ALM segment.
Jim Heppelmann: To be clear though, that would be the integrity product we previously had plus the Codebeamer product added together, yes.
Saket Kalia: So like a total ALM portfolio would be $100 million by the end of this year?
Kristian Talvitie: At some point this year, yes, and it's growing faster than the...
Neil Barua: Accretive to growth.
Kristian Talvitie: The overall company growth. It's accretive to growth.
Saket Kalia: Got it, got it. Guys, very helpful. Again, tip my cap to both of you. Well done.
Jim Heppelmann: Great. Thank you. So I think that's the end of the questions. So before Neil wraps it up, I'd like to just take a minute to personally close out with PTC's investor community and to thank all of you for so many years of support. During my tenure, I always listened carefully and took investor input seriously, and it helped shape our strategies and allowed the PTC team to really move the needle on value creation. I know Neil will do the same. The transition process with Neil has been lengthy, thoughtful, and frankly, it was even a lot of fun. As a result, I can tell you with confidence that Neil and team are ready to go. Neil has my congratulations and full support. So I want to sign off then by saying thanks, and goodbye one last time, knowing I'm leaving a strong company in good hands. Over to you, Neil.
Neil Barua: Thanks, Jim, truly, and thank you, everyone, for joining us and for your questions today. In the weeks ahead, Kristian, Mike DiTullio, Matt Shimao and I will be on the road participating in investor conferences, and it would be great to keep the dialogue going. During the last week of February, Kristian will be at the JPMorgan Credit Conference in Miami. Matt will attend the Wolfe Conference in New York. During the first week of March, we'll be at the Morgan Stanley and KeyBanc conferences in San Francisco, then Mike DiTullio will attend the Virtual Loop conference during the second week of March. And also, we have two bus tours coming to visit us at our Boston headquarters next week. Those visits will be hosted by Kristian and me. Please reach out to JPMorgan or Piper Sandler if you're interested. And on behalf of the team, thank you, again, and we look forward to engaging with you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-11-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to PTC's 2023 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions.  I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Shimao, PTC's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Matt Shimao : Good afternoon. Thank you, Danica, and welcome to PTC's 2023 fourth quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, CEO; Neil Barua, CEO-elect; and Kristian Talvitie, CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast, and a replay of the call will be available later today at www.ptc.com.  During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as well as in today's press release.  The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today's date, November 1, 2023, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our website.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's CEO, Jim Heppelmann. 
Jim Heppelmann : Thanks, Matt. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As usual, I will focus on constant currency results when discussing top line metrics, and Kristian will cover currency effects later in the call. I'm pleased to report that in the fourth quarter, PTC, again delivered solid financial results in terms of ARR and free cash flow, which are the most important metrics to assess the performance of our business.  Reflecting on the full year, which will be my last year in the CEO seat, fiscal '23 has been one of PTC's best years ever. Despite a challenging economy, we delivered a seventh consecutive year of double-digit top line growth with ARR growing 23%, 13% organically and revenue crossing the $2 billion threshold. And on the bottom line, we delivered 41% growth in free cash flow. This performance is a great stepping off point for me as I hand the reins of the company to Neil Barua going forward.  Given the CEO transition that's actively underway, during this call, I'll focus my comments on Q4 and fiscal '23 and let Neil take the lead on forward-looking commentary. Coming back to the Q4 results and turning to Slide 4. Though the manufacturing PMIs have indicated a sluggish global environment for many quarters now, our top line ARR continues to show good resilience. In Q4, we saw a broad-based ARR strength across our product groups and geographies. Our churn remained low. And for the full year, we did better than the churn targets we had shared previously. Customer demand was solid in Q4, up overall and on an organic basis, in line with the exceptional results we delivered in Q4 last year.  Within this context, the portion of business that we signed in Q4, but that did not start in Q4 or fiscal '23 was greater than we had modeled. Since ARR only kicks in when the subscription starts, Q4 ARR was $8 million lower than we had modeled, while deferred ARR is consequently $8 million higher. With this influx, our total deferred ARR is now $20 million higher than it was at the beginning of fiscal '23. Kristian will explain that because of this added strength in deferred ARR, we are now guiding ARR to grow 11% to 14% in fiscal '24, higher than the 10% to 14% growth range we discussed previously.  Moving to Slide 5 and switching to our bottom line view. We delivered $44 million of free cash flow in Q4, ahead of our guidance and up 52% year-over-year. For the full year, our free cash flow was $587 million, ahead of our guidance and up 41% year-over-year. Remember that ARR is the primary driver of cash flow. So this robust result was driven by a combination of strong ARR growth and higher operating efficiency. In fiscal '23, we delivered 38% operating efficiency which was 620 basis points higher than fiscal '22, well above our initial target that call for approximately 450 basis points of improvement in operating efficiency. We expect these operating efficiency improvements to be sustainable, and we think our subscription business model will continue to provide us with operating leverage.  Turning to Slide 6. Let's look at ARR growth by geography. ARR growth in the Americas was 25%. In Europe, ARR growth was 24%, and in APAC, ARR growth was 18%. Regionally, compared to a quarter ago, the GAAP between as reported and constant currency ARR widened in Europe and narrowed in APAC. On a global basis in Q4, our constant currency ARR growth was 3% less than our reported ARR growth. Versus prior quarters, we saw improved demand in China and in our SMB reseller channel. All 3 regions benefited from inorganic growth to varying degrees due to the acquisition of ServiceMax.  Next, let's look at ARR performance of our product groups on Slide 7. In CAD, we delivered 10% ARR growth in Q4. Within these results, the growth magnitude was primarily driven by Creo but supplemented by strong percentage growth in Onshape. PTC is taking share in different parts of the CAD market with both products, and we're excited about the potential of our new Creo+ SaaS offering as well as Onshape. We launched Creo+ at LiveWorx event this past May, and the initial customer demand for Creo+ has been encouraging. Regarding Onshape, with NPS scores that lead the industry by a considerable margin and solid retention rates, we see good opportunities to take share in the part of the CAD market that Onshape focuses on.  Garmin's recent decision to replace their incumbent CAD system with Onshape speaks to the products maturing functionality and competitive differentiation. In PLM, our ARR growth rate in Q4 was 34% or 15% organic with the incremental inorganic growth coming from ServiceMax. ARR growth in Q4 was primarily driven by Windchill, but supplemented by strong organic growth in ALM, thanks to Codebeamer. Codebeamer has proven to be a great addition to our portfolio with strong demand coming from manufacturing companies that might already be profession at managing hardware development but are struggling to deal with a growing wave of software complexity.  While demand is most notable in the automotive industry due to the rise of software-defined vehicles, we see customer demand for ALM tools expanding in other verticals as well, driven by the trend towards software-driven products of all types. Not only do manufacture products contain more software than ever, but there has been an explosion of software configurations that need to be developed and maintained across a company's different product lines, including across model years, sales options and cloud deployments. That's why we supplemented our Codebeamer ALM solution with the acquisition of Pure Systems.  You probably know that on the hardware side of the manufactured product, configuration management has always been the special sauce of Windchill, now with the addition of the pure::variants solution, Codebeamer will be able to offer equally robust configuration management for the software side of the product. The Pure Systems company is relatively small, but their breakthrough pure::variants offering has already landed early wins at many of the same auto and industrial companies that are adopting Codebeamer. Introducing this key competitive differentiator and value proposition into Codebeamer makes our position in the ALM market even more promising.  We've been taking significant share in the PLM market and are well positioned going forward with our strength in core PLM with Windchill Arena, complemented by strong positions in the faster-growing ALM and SLM parts of the market.  Wrapping up my comments then. First, I'd like to say heartfelt thank you to all of you who have supported me and my team over the years. Your insights and support have helped us to transform PTC into the awesome company it is today, a $2 billion scale growth and profit leader with a unique product portfolio that helps our manufacturing customers digitally transform their businesses. I'm personally very proud of what the PTC team has accomplished during my 13 years as CEO and much longer tenure as the company's technology and strategy leader.  I feel things are in good position to transition the leadership to Neil Barua. Neil will be supported by the same team who drove our transformation, including Kristian, Mike DiTullio, Aaron Von Staats, Kevin Wrenn, Steve Dertien, Catherine Kniker and thousands of other PTC employees. I wish them all the best as they evolve the business in pursuit of new ways to create value for our customers and shareholders under Neil's leadership just as they did during mind.  I will remain in the background supporting Neil through February, but I plan to let him take the stage in investor discussions going forward.  With that, I'll hand the call over to Neil to share his perspectives on the CEO transition and the future of the PTC business. 
Neil Barua : Thanks, Jim. Hello, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 9. The CEO transition is progressing well and according to plan. I'm excited to soon step into the CEO role, and I appreciate everything Jim is doing to ensure a seamless transition. I spent much of the past quarter traveling with Jim to visit customers, employees and partners. These meetings have been good opportunities for me to listen and to build relationships with key stakeholders. These meetings have also reinforced how relevant our software is to our customers' digital transformation initiatives.  PTC has established a strong position with customers, and it is clear to me that there continues to be a lot of opportunity ahead. I'm also starting to meet with investors and analysts, and I'm looking forward to continuing and deepening the 2-way dialogue. To that end, I'm looking forward to callbacks with many of you as well as some investor roadshows upcoming and conferences. And we are working on nailing down a date for an Investor Day, likely in the spring after the CEO transition. More broadly, I've been immersing myself in all aspects of PTC's business. As one example, I work closely with our team on the win at Volkswagen Group that we announced yesterday.  This significant expansion of PTC's footprint at underscores the value PTC brings to customers and our customers rely on us to support their product development needs at scale. Our teams understand the digital transformation needs of our customers, and we have the right strategy and product portfolio to help them achieve their goals. There's no other company that can help manufacturers drive closed-loop product life cycle management across engineering, manufacturing, quality and service. PTC is in a very healthy position and I am energized by the business that has been built in a job ahead.  Next, let's turn to Slide 10.  On the Q3 call, we shared this framework, which shows the layers of cumulative drivers that support our top line growth. Fiscal '24 is expected to be our eighth consecutive year of double-digit constant currency ARR growth. So PTC's ability to put up consistent double-digit growth is well established. This is a good framework to understand the sustainability of our top line performance. I won't go through each of the drivers now, but the takeaway is that all the layers contribute to our growth. PTC is clearly moving in the right direction, and my focus as the new CEO will be on ensuring a disciplined and metrics-driven execution of the strategy.  Moving to Slide 11. We also shared this framework on our Q3 call, which shows the layers of cumulative drivers that support our bottom line growth. It's important to recognize that our strong free cash flow growth in recent years is attributable not only to our solid top line growth, but also to our subscription license business model and strong operational discipline. Focusing on operational execution is essential to consistently deliver for our customers and our shareholders. As with the previous slide, all the layers in this framework are important, and I see good opportunities to further expand our operating efficiency. I want to reiterate that with our subscription model and operational discipline, we expect our free cash flow to grow faster than our ARR over the midterm.  As we reinvest in our business to drive growth, we expect to do so prudently such that non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to grow at roughly half the rate of our ARR over time. Let's turn to Slide 12. Today, we are providing targets that reflect solid top line and bottom line growth over the medium term, which Kristian will take you through in more detail. As you will hear from Kristian, for fiscal '26, we are targeting ARR growth in the mid-teens and free cash flow of approximately $1 billion. If there is one takeaway from my comments today, it should be that I am singularly focused on leading PTC to execute to its full potential.  As the company's next CEO, I strongly believe that we have the right strategy, organization and product portfolio to drive consistent customer and shareholder value in the years ahead. Over to you, Kristian. 
Kristian Talvitie : Thanks, Neil, and hello, everyone. Starting off with Slide 14. In Q4 '23, our constant currency ARR was $1.941 billion, up 23% year-over-year and in line with our guidance range. On an organic constant currency basis, excluding ServiceMax, our ARR was $1.77 billion, up 13% year-over-year. In Q4, our as reported ARR was $38 million higher than our constant currency ARR. Also in Q4, ARR was impacted by $8 million due to start date timing. The key point is we contracted the overall amount of business that we guided to at the beginning of the quarter. At end year starts landed as expected, we would have been around the high end of our guidance range.  Now with approximately $20 million more deferred ARR in fiscal '24 -- starting in fiscal '24 compared to what started in fiscal '23, we're increasing our fiscal '24 guidance range to 11% to 14%.  Moving on to cash flow. Our results were solid and ahead of our guidance with Q4 operating cash flow of $50 million and free cash flow of $44 million. For the full year, our free cash flow was $587 million, up 41%. When assessing and forecasting our cash flow, it's always good to remember a few things.  The majority of our collections occur in the first half of our fiscal year and Q4 is our lowest cash flow generation quarter. And on an annual basis, free cash flow is primarily a function of ARR rather than revenue. Q4 revenue of $547 million increased $39 million or 8% year-over-year and was up 6% on a constant currency basis. For the full year, revenue was $2.097 billion, up 8% or 12% on a constant currency basis. As we've discussed previously, revenue is impacted by ASC 606, so we do not believe that revenue or EPS are the best indicators of our underlying business performance. But would rather guide you to ARR and free cash flow as the best metrics to understand our business and cash generation potential.  Moving to Slide 15. We ended the fourth quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $288 million. Our gross debt was $2.322 billion with an aggregate interest rate of 5.7%. During Q4, we paid down $43 million of debt and at the end of Q4, we had $1 billion in high-yield notes, a $500 million term loan and approximately $202 million drawn on our revolver. In October of '23, we made the final payment for the ServiceMax transaction totaling $650 million, including $30 million of imputed interest, which will be included in our Q1 '24 free cash flow. We funded this payment with cash on hand and our revolving credit facility. The deferred payment was also -- was included in debt on our Q4 balance sheet, and also factored into our debt-to-EBITDA ratio, which was 3x at the end of Q4.  Also in October, we drew an additional EUR 85 million on the revolver related to the Pure Systems acquisition. We expect to be below 3x levered at the end of Q1 '24 and remain below 3x throughout the remainder of fiscal '24. We're prioritizing paying down our debt in fiscal '24. We expect to use substantially all of our free cash flow to pay down our debt this year and end the year with gross debt of approximately $1.7 billion. We've paused our share repurchase program, and we expect our diluted share count to increase by approximately 1 million shares in fiscal '24. Heading into fiscal '25, we'll revisit the prioritization of debt repay down -- of debt pay down and share repurchases. Our long-term goal, assuming our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is below 3x remains to return approximately 50% and of our free cash flow to shareholders via share repurchases while also taking into consideration the interest rate environment and strategic opportunities.  Next, turning to Slide 16. Let's take a quick look at how we did against our initial guidance for the year. Summarizing our fiscal '23 financial results. In a challenging market environment, we executed well in all four quarters and consistently delivered solid top and bottom line growth.  With that, let me move on to fiscal '24 guidance. Turning to Slide 18. We provide ARR on both a constant currency basis and on an as reported basis. You can see on the slide how FX dynamics have resulted in differences between our constant currency ARR and as reported ARR over the past 8 quarters. Clearly, as reported ARR embeds a lot of FX volatility. We believe constant currency is the best way to evaluate the top line performance of our business because it removes FX fluctuations from the analysis positive or negative.  That's why we provide ARR guidance on a constant currency basis. For fiscal '23, we provided constant currency ARR guidance for the year and constant currency ARR results for all four quarters using FX rates as of September 30, 2022. For comparative purposes, we also provided constant currency ARR history at these FX rates.  Next, on Slide 19, we're taking the same approach for fiscal '24. Our as reported Q4 '23 ARR was $1.79 billion based on actual FX rates as of September 30, 2023. That rate is our baseline for our fiscal '24 constant currency ARR guidance. For comparative purposes, we've recast our constant currency ARR history at these rates which you can see on the upper half of this slide and is also in the data tables posted on our website.  With that, I'll take you through our guidance on Slide 20. For fiscal '24, we expect constant currency ARR to grow from $1.979 billion to $2.19 billion to $2.25 billion, which corresponds to growth of 11% to 14%. Our Q1 constant currency guidance range of $1.995 billion to $2.01 billion corresponds to year-over-year growth of 22% to 23%. Note that we closed the ServiceMax acquisition right at the start of Q2 '23, so Q1 will be the last quarter we exclude ServiceMax from our organic growth rate. On cash flows, we're guiding for free cash flow of approximately $725 million in fiscal '24. Note that our cash flow guidance is not on a constant currency basis, so FX fluctuations can have an impact in either direction.  For fiscal '24, our guidance for operating cash flow is $745 million. We're assuming CapEx of approximately $20 million. It's worth noting how consistent and solid our free cash flow results have been since completing our transition to a subscription business model. In addition, we maintain consistent billing practices, and we've optimized our AR, AP and budgeting processes over the past few years. The predictability of our cash generation is tremendously helpful as we manage our business and invest for growth. For example, we're able to maintain core long-term investments even in a turbulent macroeconomic environment, which is great for customers and employees alike.  Beyond our core investments, we adjust our shorter-term or more discretionary investments accordingly given our business performance and outlook. The net result is solid and consistent free cash flow growth. In fiscal '24, we expect approximately 55% or more of our free cash flow to be generated in the first half of the year, which is less than we've seen over the past 3 years. This is primarily because in Q1 of '24, our free cash flow of $180 million includes a $30 million imputed interest payment related to the deferred payment on our acquisition of ServiceMax.  Finally, on this slide, we're continuing to provide revenue and EPS guidance to help you with your models. But as a reminder, ASC 606 makes revenue difficult to predict in the short term for on-premise subscription companies. More importantly, revenue does not influence ARR or cash generation as we typically bill customers annually upfront regardless of contract term lengths. Also, since revenue is impacted by ASC 606, it's important to remember that margins and earnings per share also impacted, so we do not view these as meaningful indicators of the performance of our business.  Turning to Slide 21. Here, you can see how we're investing for growth while delivering solid free cash flow. On the slide in blue, you can see our absolute level of R&D spending, which has increased steadily over the years. But more importantly, you can see the slope of the blue line has inflected in recent years, along with our transition to a subscription model. As our free cash flows expanded, this has enabled us to reinvest greater amounts year after year into R&D to drive future growth despite the turbulent macro environment we've been in.  Moving on to Slide 22. Here's an illustrative constant currency ARR model for fiscal '24. You can see our results over the past 3 years and the column on the right illustrates what's needed to get to the midpoint of our constant currency ARR guidance for fiscal '24.  The illustrative model indicates that to hit $2.22 billion midpoint of our guidance range, we need to add $241 million of net ARR this year. While this is higher than the amounts we added in fiscal '23 and '22, there are some important drivers to consider. First of all, as we discussed earlier, we have more deferred ARR contractually committed to start in fiscal '24. In fact, that amount is approximately $20 million higher at the start of fiscal '24 compared to the start of fiscal '23. Secondly, we expect Codebeamer to be a tailwind for ARR growth in fiscal '24. While we currently expect Pure Systems to have de minimis impact on our ARR results in fiscal '24, given its overall size.  We do expect that Pure Systems will help drive our Codebeamer momentum. Also, fiscal '24 will be our first full year of having ServiceMax under our roof. The broader PTC Salesforce has been equipped to sell ServiceMax, and they also have quotas now. All things considered. We believe we've set our fiscal '24 constant currency ARR guidance range prudently.  Next, on Slide 23, here's a similar illustrative model for Q1. You can see our results over the past 8 quarters, and the column on the right illustrates what's needed to get to the midpoint of our constant currency ARR guidance.  Because our ARR trends tend to see some seasonality, the most relevant comparison is the sequential growth in Q1 '23 and Q1 '22. The illustrative model indicates that to hit the midpoint of our Q1 guidance range, we need to add $24 million of net ARR on a sequential basis. We believe we've set our Q1 constant currency guidance range prudently. It's also worth mentioning that the incremental $20 million of deferred ARR we have starting in fiscal '24 is skewed to the second half of the year.  Moving on to Slide 24. I know that most of you model free cash flow using the indirect method, which uses the P&L and balance sheet as a starting point. Given the complexities related to ASC 606, there are inherent challenges in using the indirect method to forecast free cash flow for PTC.  The model on this slide is based on what we use internally. I know that looking at it this way, may be unfamiliar to some of you, so please feel free to reach out if we can help. Starting at the top for fiscal '24 ARR, we're using the midpoint of our constant currency ARR guidance range. Next, our perpetual revenue is primarily related to our Kepware business, which is moving to subscription over time. And the primary reason our professional services is modeled to decline in fiscal '24 is because a portion of our professional services revenue is transitioning to DxP over time. These 3 line items get us to our expected cash generation for the year.  Moving down the model, you can see that even though we continue to reinvest in the business, we also see room to expand our operating efficiency due to our sticky products and subscription business model, combined with operational discipline. Continuing to move down the model, we provide guidance assumptions for stock comp, CapEx, interest payments. You can find these on Slide 29 of the earnings deck and also Pages 3 and 4 of the press release. Specifically, interest payments are expected to be approximately $135 million in fiscal '24, driven by an increase in debt, higher interest rates and the timing of our interest payments.  Next, cash taxes are modeled higher in fiscal '24, reflecting higher taxable income as well as the impact of Section 174. And finally, let's take a look at the other category. In fiscal '23, the $72 million is related to FX movements, pre-acquisition ServiceMax collections and working capital. For fiscal '24, the main driver of the $19 million being modeled is working capital to support continued growth. All this sums up to expected free cash flow of approximately $725 million. If the demand environment is such that we're trending to the lower end of the ARR guidance range, we'll be more judicious in incremental investment decisions if the demand environment is such that we're trending to the higher end of the ARR guidance range, we would feel more comfortable increasing investments.  We have a robust budgeting process internally and that helps us not only prioritize run rate spend but also prioritizes additional investments we might want to make. For example, even in a muted demand environment, we may want to increase R&D investments but it wouldn't necessarily make sense to increase sales and marketing spending.  So turning to Slide 25. For fiscal '25, we're reiterating our previous targets, and for fiscal '26, we're providing targets that extend the trajectory that we're on. We provide these targets to help you understand the potential of our business. But I also want to remind you that the macroeconomic environment, FX rates and interest rates have been volatile in recent years and could positively or negatively impact our midterm targets. It's also important to point out that global tax law changes are expected to have a significant impact on our midterm free cash flow, which we've factored into our midterm targets.  Next, on Slide 26, I'd like to explain the progression of our free cash flow, looking back 3 years and looking forward 3 years. Over the course of fiscal '21 to fiscal '23, we delivered a 40% 3-year free cash flow CAGR. Over that time period, we had solid ARR growth. And as expected, our non-GAAP OpEx growth was roughly 50% of our ARR growth. It was actually 46%. Looking forward, we're targeting FY '26 free cash flow of approximately $1 billion, which reflects a 3-year free cash flow CAGR of approximately 20%. This factors in a continuous of operational discipline, it also factors in a hefty step-up in cash taxes, particularly in fiscal '25 and '26 due to global tax law changes and the depletion of our deferred tax assets.  We're focused on paying down our debt and while interest payments will increase in fiscal '24, we expect them to decrease in both fiscal '25 and $26 million.  In summary, turning to Slide 27. First, we have a strong portfolio and strategy. We have a solid position in CAD with a long-term opportunity to disrupt this market with Onshape and Creo+. This year, we've expanded our category leadership in PLM which has become a technology backbone for digital transformation and industrial companies. The acquisitions of Codebeamer and Pure Systems significantly strengthens our ALM position, which is becoming increasingly important to our customers as their products add more software and complexity to their products. And the addition of ServiceMax further extends what was already a unique portfolio of interconnected digital thread capabilities across the full product life cycle.  Second, our strong execution. With organic growth at double-digit levels already, we're in the early days of a major on-premise to SaaS transformation driven by the evolving needs of our customers. but it's an oversimplification to focus only on SaaS as the one and only major driver of growth for PTC. The delivery model is important, but it all starts with our robust software portfolio that meets the needs of industrial product companies. We continue to benefit from cumulative layers of PTC specific growth drivers, including driving customer expansion through cross-selling our differentiated portfolio and PLM expanding beyond the engineering department and becoming an enterprise-wide system of record.  Fiscal '24 is forecasted to be our eighth consecutive year of double-digit constant currency ARR growth. Third, we have a well-earned reputation for driving margin expansion that goes back more than a decade. We've been demonstrating that we're judicious with our investments, being mindful of both long-term opportunities and near-term macro uncertainty. From a cost and operational perspective, we're lean and a continuous improvement mindset is part of PTC's culture.  Fourth, with organic ARR growth in the low teens, juxtaposed PMIs that are generally in the mid-40s, I trust you would agree we're actively demonstrating that our business model is very resilient. We're targeting solid top line ARR growth and bottom line free cash flow growth. And finally, we're led by a team that has deep expertise and a proven ability to drive growth and margin expansion. And while I personally will miss Jim, I'm also excited to have Neil join the team and help continue to drive and evolve PTC. For sure, the environment around us will continue to change, and we will continue to adapt accordingly while still pushing the envelope of what we can do for our customers.  With so many positive trends going our way, we continue to believe PTC has a tremendous opportunity to continue to create value for our customers and shareholders.  With that, I'll pass it back to Neil for a couple of closing comments. 
Neil Barua : Thank you, everyone, for joining us and for your -- for the time today. We're going to move to Q&A now, and then I'll give some closing remarks. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Daniel Jester with BMO Capital Markets. 
Kyle Aberasturi: This is Kyle Aberasturi on for Dan Jester. In the prepared remarks, you hinted at better-than-expected churn this year, which is great to hear, obviously, could you dig a bit further into this, maybe what is driving the strength? And how you guys are thinking about the retention into fiscal year 2024? 
Kristian Talvitie : Yes, sure. This is Kristian. So we've been on this journey really for a number of years now trying to drive programmatic change to help with the churn. And frankly, it's a few different things. One is we've been driving for longer term lengths, which has been helping. Two, we've had more commercial discipline particularly around price increase realization. Three, there has been a -- both market and product maturity have been improving in some of our segments that have higher churn such as IoT and AR. So those are some of the levers that we've been pulling on.  I think we're in a great spot as it stands. Candidly, I'd say I think there's even more room to continue to improve from here, albeit it will be at a more muted pace than it's been over the past 3 years or so. 
Operator: Next question comes from Ken Wong with Oppenheimer & Company. 
Ken Wong : This question is for Neil. So Neil, I think in the past, you had mentioned that you were very involved in the financial planning and obviously, plus the target out to fiscal '25. Perhaps there was some skepticism there, but with fiscal '26 introduced, I guess it's right to assume that you definitely put your stamp on that particular trajectory. Any specific nuances or refinements to the strategic road map that might have gone into that fiscal '26 number that you can perhaps share with us? 
Neil Barua : Yes. Ken, a few things, and I've got more to share, obviously, as the CEO transition comes to an end here in February, and we're planning on something at Investor Day for a more comprehensive update here. But couple of the themes that give me more confidence since the last time we spoke around the business and again, 90 days more of the transition. But around the PLM expansion capabilities is actually something that is very interesting, and some of the trends that we've seen this past year that I believe will continue. And the focus of the company on that is giving me confidence around supporting the guidance that we put out there for the multiple years that you indicated.  As well as this ALM strength. I think that is something that we've shown momentum, and we're building more momentum given some of the things that we're seeing in the marketplace with that product and solutions have now augmented by Pure as well. And lastly, on the SLM piece and the cross-sell opportunities, not only within SLM, but connecting back to we're advancing those beyond what we were doing 90 days ago. And now given the fact that ServiceMax is in the quotas of the sellers, we've created enablement I see also that area to be an area that we'll focus in on to keep building on the sustainable growth levers that we've been showing, but continue to show that trend into '25 and '26. 
Operator: We'll move to our next question. It's Jason Celino with KeyBanc. 
Jason Celino : Great. Kind of a follow-up on the Codebeamer strength, this momentum that we're seeing. And then with the Volvo deal, I don't know if any of us really knew what PTC was doing in ALM 2 or 3 years ago. So when I think about the Codebeamer pipeline and the ALM strength, how much of this is maybe from existing customers looking to upgrade existing legacy ALM products? Versus wins and displacements of other tools versus customers who may not even have an ALM product for, if that makes sense? 
Neil Barua : Yes. Let me take the front end of this. Thanks for the question. We indicated in a press release a large strategic relationship with Volkswagen across their entire enterprise where we are deploying code beamer to their enterprise users for all the use cases that we talked about. One of the themes that we're seeing is this is actually a tip of the spear and an enabler for getting into new logos, particularly in the automotive segment.  What we're seeing is that a displacement of other tools in the marketplace that now Codebeamer with its differentiated capabilities with also the element of the tieback to PLM within PTC is actually creating the momentum that we spoke about, that will continue to push on over the course of this year as well. 
Jim Heppelmann : Maybe I can add, Neil. Just if I could. In the fourth quarter, we actually did transactions with 5 auto OEMs. The big one with Volkswagen and then smaller, in some cases, foot-in-the-door type transactions with other global OEMs. And at least 3 of those, we have no meaningful CAD, PLM or ALM business with prior to this Codebeamer win. So I mean, certainly, we can upsell from the ALM position we had and sometimes from the PLM position. But what's really exciting is that we're knocking down big name new logos that we have no previous relationship with. 
Operator: It looks like our next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays Capital. 
Saket Kalia : Okay. Great. Nice to see the quarter and the guide in the new long-term framework. Neil, maybe for you a little bit of a higher-level question. I know that we've said that it's an oversimplification to focus on SaaS for PTC. But clearly, you come from a SaaS background with at least ServiceMax, if not your time before that as well, so maybe the question is, as you met customers intra-quarter, what do they think to you about taking PLM and CAD to the cloud? 
Neil Barua : Yes. Great question. So first off, there is continued interest in our SaaS offering, and it is an important layer of the cake that we mentioned in terms of the sustainable growth drivers. As a reminder, this is -- we expect an S-shaped adoption curve. We've also told you, and I agree with this is a decade-plus long journey. We continue on this journey into '24. And in regards to feedback from customers, we're seeing opportunities by which the roadmap, the ability for Windchill+, Creo+ for not only new logos by the way, but also conversions continues to be interesting.  That being said, one thing's important here in my upfront here that I mentioned, the overall growth drivers of our ARR has very little right now, and quite frankly, into '24 to do with SaaS. That being said, we are making sure the SaaS opportunities we've already secured, the pipeline that we're working on, we're working hand in hand with those customers to ensure we're optimizing the conversion experience of those customers.  Again, this will be a multiyear decade-plus long journey across the base of our existing customers plus those that were far new but is a key part of our focus. However, there are many other layers of the cake that are working extremely well right now that I'm going to help push the team even further to accelerate. 
Saket Kalia : Got it. Got it. That makes a lot of sense. Kristian, maybe for my follow-up for you. And apologies, I joined the call a little late. Great to see the continued double-digit growth in ARR continue into next year and beyond that. Maybe the question is can you just talk a little bit about your level of visibility here? I know we've talked about ramp deals in the past. And I think you mentioned something on deferred ARR. Maybe going one level deeper into sort of the level of visibility or comfort that you have as you look out to '24, which is clearly another sort of uncertain year of macro. 
Kristian Talvitie : Yes. I mean, again, I think we have a pretty good level of visibility. A lot of our contracts are multiyear contracts. So you don't -- they're not actually even coming up for renewal in fiscal '24. You have some portion that's coming up for renewal. But again, our retention rates at this point are already quite high. And then also, as you point out, we do have deferred ARR, we've had obviously deferred ARR for many years. But we have that, which also provides more incremental visibility. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin with BofA. 
Andrew Obin : Neil, Jim. Just a question on PLM and specifically Windchill. You guys have been very successful with growing the business. And I guess the question I have as your customers digitize their operation and there's this build-out of this digital value chain. What's the opportunity to monetize beyond sort of existing users, right, as more people touch the digital thread? What are the revenue opportunities? Are there sort of opportunities to sort of charge people for different services? If you could expand on that? 
Neil Barua : Yes. Let me take the front end and maybe Kristian and Jim could support here. As I mentioned, one of the drivers we've seen over many years right now is around Windchill's adoption within our customers. And what we've also seen is that expanding not only within engineering, but as you mentioned, it's now going to other groups that is tied closer to engineering, like supply chain, like quality as an example.  And as Kristian said, we're seeing this migration of Windchill becoming more of an enterprise-wide system of record, that will take some time, but we are seeing the trends moving towards that, particularly as we think about model base and the digital thread that is pushing on this lever. To be clear, some of the economic points that you're asking about revenue potential outside of the already strong sustainable growth that we've been showing in Windchill, we're working on more of a metrics-driven approach to that within ourselves internally to think about how do we sustain that over the periods over the next medium and long term, that will be an area that we'll explain more in detail as we get into the Investor Day, hopefully, in early spring. Jim, Kris, do you want to add? 
Jim Heppelmann : Maybe I would add that our rule of thumb has long been that when a customer first adopts an engineering and then expands to a broader enterprise deployment. There's generally 10x to 15x more users across the broader enterprise than there are in engineering. And so as companies digitize, they're basically saying, we need to have everybody in the enterprise logging into the system and getting real-time data as opposed to working with data that's been exported out of the system and passed on and maybe on a date may be wrong, et cetera, typically drawings and PDF files and so forth. So I think that there is a real opportunity. And yes, I think Neil is offering to quantify it a little bit more discretely at the Investor Day. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. 
Steve Tusa : Jim, congrats again. Great run for sure. Can you guys -- I think you guys said you would update us kind of annually on the SaaS trajectory? I think you had put out an illustrative model or at least like some sense of where you'd be as a percentage of ARR by year-end '23. Maybe if we could just get a little bit of color on how that turned out? 
Kristian Talvitie : Yes. I mean -- I think what we had said was we plan to be in the mid-20s in '23, and that's where we ended. 
Steve Tusa : Okay. Great. And then just a question on the long-term cash targets. You're kind of putting up some good numbers despite these other headwinds. I haven't gone back to the old model. But -- and anything incremental that moved around you on an operating basis because the numbers seem pretty strong despite the non-fundamental headwinds? 
Kristian Talvitie : I'm not 100% sure I'm understanding the question, Steve. Like -- no, there isn't -- when we talked about some of the puts and takes, meaning the interest payments are going to come down. Cash taxes are going to go up. But otherwise, it's really just operating the business. 
Operator: Thank you. Looks like our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer : One thing that PTC does that I think is important and does rather well, for instance, at LiveWorx, is you share in some detail your product road map for CAD, PLM and the other 3-letter acronyms. So with that in mind, for Jim and Neil, when you look into '24, what do you think are some of the principal product development or release executables that you're working on, whether it's developing Atlas further or new forms of packaging like DPM or anything else that you care to mention as far as the portfolio is concerned for '24? And then for Kristian, a question that's often come up in the past, which is about your our sales coverage, our customer account segmentation. Anything new that you've implemented for '24 in terms of channel programs, channel margins, anything of that kind out in the field that we should be aware of? 
Neil Barua : So Jay, thanks for the question. I'll start off and Jim could support here, too. On roadmap. First, on SLM, I'll take that since this was a question in the last call. We are working on a release in December that ties ServiceMax closer to Servigistics with a combined offering that we believe will have nice reception to the marketplace, as well as in the same release, a tie of ServiceMax to IoT for preventative maintenance use cases between the two capabilities.  In terms of the broader portfolio, Windchill+, Creo+, Kepware+, as I said, this remains a strategic relevant area that will continue to grow and emphasize and we've got a number of leases for all the plus strategies that we have in '24. That includes, by the way, things that we're doing with Atlas in support of our Plus strategy. And then third, in an order of priority, by the way, here, Codebeamer, right, the ALM to scale and continue to capture what we're seeing is strong demand and pipeline we're making sure that we're taking Pure and Codebeamer and working through how that looks to the customer as well as augments to Codebeamer in general to make sure that it's enterprise scalable in the regard that companies like Volkswagen are needing us to deliver for them on the end user experience piece.  Jim, anything to add? 
Jim Heppelmann : Well, just maybe to observe, listen, you talk here, you kind of called out projects that drive cross-selling is a top priority projects that drive SaaS is a second priority, not far behind. And then functionality, scalability, whatever of certain products, in particular, like Codebeamer, where we have a tiger by the tail and want to make sure we're being responsive to it. I think that would be a way I could characterize it, just reflecting on what you said. 
Kristian Talvitie : Jay, it's Kristian. So then to get the part 2 of your question. So yes, we actually have some incentives that we're rolling out to drive -- to help continue to drive growth in the channel as well as improved retention in that space. So there are some programs there, and that's also focusing on enabling them to obviously, they do a great job already at selling CAD, PLM. We want to enable them to cross-sell other parts of the portfolio better. And as we can see a focus on both on-prem and SaaS, particularly Windchill+, Creo+. And then on the direct side, I would say that is really just continued refinement of the territory coverage that we have. So that's where we are. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Blair Abernethy with Rosenblatt Securities. 
Blair Abernethy : Just Jim, I wonder if you can just expand a little more on the Windchill+ in terms of -- what have you seen there so far? I know it's only been a few months that you've been pushing that out there. But just wondering if you've got any sense at all as to what the revenue uplift might be there? And also, how are you positioning Windshield+ versus, say, Arena in the market? 
Jim Heppelmann : Yes. Kristian, do you want to address the what are we seeing in terms of uplift and then I can hit the differentiation versus Arena? 
Kristian Talvitie : Yes. So from an uplift -- so from an uplift perspective, we're continuing to see at this point better than what we have modeled or communicated, right, that kind of 2x uplift. I think we'll see as we continue to progress through this I still think that's the right way to think about the long-term opportunity, but that's what we're seeing now. 
Jim Heppelmann : And maybe I could add on the Windchill versus Arena positioning. So Windchill teams up with Creo and sometimes with other CAD systems to kind of enable this digital thread. So typically larger companies who have complex products, and they're more vertically integrated, so they're thinking how does this engineering data get used by manufacturing, get used again by service. And Windchill's orchestrating all that complexity up and down the value chain.  Arena on the other hand, is teamed up with Onshape in this agile product development and typically sold to smaller, fast-moving high-tech companies. Typically, companies have a lot of electronics, a lot of software and a tremendous amount of contract manufacturing. So it's a different problem that Arena is trying to solve and Arena excels at how does an engineering team in one company work with a contract manufacturing team in another or perhaps even other suppliers involved to orchestrate that.  It's much more -- Arena is much more focused on operations than on product configuration, much more well suited to a contract manufacturing type of setup that you see so frequently in the electronics industry, for example. So I'd say Arena is a little bit of a special purpose product that pairs very nicely with Onshape, sort of like a nice red line with a stake or something like that, and addresses this problem that a fair number of manufacturers have. 
Operator: Thank you. We will wrap up our Q&A session now, and I will turn the call back over to Neil for closing remarks. 
Neil Barua : Sure. Thank you, everyone, for joining us and for your questions today. Kris and I will be both on the road in the weeks ahead, participating in investor conferences. Kristian will be at the RBC Conference in New York in mid-November. Kristian also will be going to London in early December, and will be at the NASDAQ and Berenberg conferences. I'll be at the Barclays Conference in San Francisco in early December. We also have 2 bus stores coming to visit us at our Boston headquarters in early November. Those visits will be hosted by Kristian and Mike DiTullio, reach out please to BofA or Baird if you're interested. And on behalf of the team, thank you again, and we look forward to engaging with you. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to PTC's 2023 Third Quarter Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions.  I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Shimao, PTC's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matt Shimao: Good afternoon. Thank you, Josh and welcome to PTC's 2023 third quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer; and Neil Barua, CEO Elect. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast and a replay of the call will be available later today at www.ptc.com. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today's date, July 26, 2023 and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's Chief Executive Officer, Jim Heppelmann.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks Matt. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. You probably noticed that we have some additional news regarding CEO succession to cover today. So, I'll kick off with an overview of Q3, but skip the normal customer commentary to allow time for the succession discussion. I trust that many of you had a good chance to interact directly with customers at a recent LiveWorx event and I hope that will carry you for a while. Starting with Q3 results then, I'm pleased to report that in Q3, PTC again delivered solid results. As you know, we feel that ARR and free cash flow are the best metrics to assess the performance of our business. In Q3, we exceeded our guidance on both metrics, and today, we are again raising our full year ARR guidance midpoint as well as our full year guidance for free cash flow. As usual, I'll focus my discussion on constant currency results when discussing topline metrics, and Kristian will outline currency effects later in the call. Starting with the topline metric of ARR on slide four. In Q3, we came in at $1.868 billion, which was above the high end of our guidance range and up 25% year-over-year. Organic ARR growth accelerated slightly to 14%. ServiceMax contributed the extra 11 points of inorganic growth to bridge us to the overall 25% growth rate. We passed the one-year anniversary of acquiring Codebeamer, so we're now counting Codebeamer in our organic ARR results. Though the manufacturing PMIs continue to indicate a sluggish environment globally, our topline ARR continues to show good resilience. In Q3, we saw broad-based ARR strength across all product groups and geographies and our churn results remain good. Given strong year-to-date results, together with a solid pipeline and outlook for Q4, we're raising our full year ARR guidance midpoint. As I mentioned, Kristian will provide the details later. Moving to slide five and switching to our bottom-line view, we delivered $164 million of free cash flow in Q3, ahead of our guidance and up 46% year-over-year. Remember that ARR is the primary driver of cash flow, so this result was driven by a combination of strong ARR growth and higher operating efficiency. We raised our key free cash flow guidance for the year. Kristian will elaborate on that as well. Turning to slide six. Let's look at ARR growth by geography. ARR growth in the Americas was 29%. In Europe, ARR growth was 24%. And in APAC, ARR growth was 16%. On a global basis, FX was neutral to our year-on-year growth in Q3, but regionally, FX continued to be a growth tailwind in Asia, whereas it's a growth headwind in Europe. All three regions benefited from inorganic growth to varying degrees due to the acquisition of ServiceMax. Speaking of ServiceMax, we saw our first cross-sell activity happened in the quarter and while it's still quite early in the integration process, there is a nice cross-sell pipeline building, which bodes well for the future. Next, let's look at the ARR performance of our product groups on slide seven. In CAD, which is those products that enable authoring of product data, we delivered 11% ARR growth in Q3 in a market that's been growing an estimated 7%. Within these results, the growth was primarily driven by Creo, but supplemented by strong percentage growth in Onshape. PTC is clearly taking share in different parts of the CAD market with both products. In PLM, which includes those products that enable data and process management, our ARR growth rate in Q3 was 36% and or 16% organic with the incremental inorganic growth coming from ServiceMax. In PLM, we continue to significantly outperform the market, which has been growing an estimated 8% in core PLL. ARR growth for PLM in Q3 was primarily driven by Windchill, supplemented by strong organic percentage growth in ALM and SLM. Clearly, we're taking significant share in the PLM market as well. Turning to slide eight, I want to double-click on our ARR growth strategy because we've been fielding many investor questions regarding how we've been able to perform so well on the growth front as compared to peers and whether this differential growth is sustainable. Some investors think we've shifted from one growth strategy to another over the years, but we see it very differently. In our view, we have consistently layered new growth strategies on top of existing growth strategies to create additional tailwinds that fuel faster growth. Let me explain. Our growth strategy starts at the bottom of the chart where we participate in CAD and PLM markets that are growing in the upper single-digit range. So, that is our baseline. On top of this, our products are very strong competitively, which has allowed us to take some incremental market share and outgrow our peers. Then back in fiscal 2014, we launched our IoT business, which will be more than $200 million of ARR this year and continuing to grow at a rate that's accretive to company growth. Perhaps the single biggest driver of growth was unleashed in 2015 when we launched the full-on transition from a perpetual and maintenance model to a subscription business model. This was a short-term pain for long-term gain type of strategy, and I'm pleased to say the pain bottomed out in fiscal 2017 and faded in fiscal 2019 and we've been enjoying the long-term gain and growth rate ever since. Simply put, a recurring model with sticky software creates much more growth than does a perpetual model even at the same level of new seed sales. That's why companies like PTC cross the Valley of Death to get there. You can refer to our FY 2021 investor deck where we took investors through the math model that shows how much easier it is to grow a sticky recurring business model than a perpetual one. Following that, we put a strong focus on commercial improvements, such as improved churn, improved discounting and price optimization. And then redoubled our efforts in these areas when we entered the COVID and inflationary periods. Collectively, these improvements have created incremental tailwinds to company growth rates, and we think there's more to be done here going forward. We could have been satisfied to stop there, but we didn't. We saw the CAD and PLM markets beginning to pivot towards SaaS, which led us to acquire the peer SaaS Onshape and Arena businesses. These businesses continue to be growth tailwinds as the growth is accretive to PTC's overall growth rate. Then in fiscal 2022, we decided to bring the SaaS phenomenon that was driving strong Onshape and Arena growth to our core CAD and PLM business, which we did using the Atlas platform that leveraged Onshape technology. This strategy allows us to land larger ARR run rates because we're selling both the software and the service to deliver it. And of course, now we can expand the existing on-premise customer base ARR run rates by shifting customers to SaaS and upselling to include the value of the delivery service the customer now gets from PTC. Frankly, this growth driver is in its early stages and its impact is minor right now compared to what it promises to contribute in the coming years. Because we already enjoy strong growth independent of this SaaS driver, you should consider that SaaS is not our growth strategy per se, it's just another tailwind that helps in our quest to drive our growth rates higher. Finally, during fiscal 2022 and 2023, we made smart acquisitions like Codebeamer for the ALM part of our PLM strategy and ServiceMax for the SLM part of our PLM strategy. On a standalone basis, these businesses are growing faster than PTC. And of course, these growth tailwinds will increase as we further develop the cross-sell synergies we're pursuing. Cross-sell is already becoming meaningful for Codebeamer now and looks very promising for ServiceMax where we're still quite early in the process. So, when an investor asks what is driving the 14% organic growth that PTC is reporting this quarter? The answer really is all of it, except of course, ServiceMax, which is not yet factored into the organic calculation, but will be in a few quarters. For those who questioned whether this level of ARR growth is sustainable, I'd first like to point out that fiscal 2023 will be the seventh consecutive year of double-digit ARR growth across good macro setups and bad. And indeed, ARR growth has generally been accelerating over that time as more of these growth drivers came into play. I'd also point out that several of these drivers should be more impactful going forward, whereas none of them show signs of fading away. The sluggish macro, no doubt has cost us a small amount of growth here in fiscal 2023, but past history suggests we'll get it back when macro conditions improve. Bottom-line is we feel very confident that PTC is positioned to deliver sustained double-digit ARR growth at or near the top of our peer group. Most importantly, please keep in mind that it is ARR, not revenue that drives free cash flow at PTC. On the subject of free cash flow, then, let's turn to slide nine where I'd like to double-click on the dramatic increase in margins that we've been driving, which raises similar investor questions of how and for how long. Our strong margin expansion, best measured using our operating efficiency metric, starts with the bottom four strategies we've been driving for many years. The first and biggest expansion driver has been the mix shift from professional services to software. Before this transformation, our revenue had a roughly 25% mix of low-margin professional services, whereas currently, we're at about 7% professional services mix on our way to a 5% mix thanks to the recent arrangement to sell a portion of our professional services business to ITCI in the form of DxP Services. In turn, the large system integrator partner ecosystem we built has become a critical part of our growth strategy as SIs help create software demand in order to drive demand for their own services. We've been backfilling the low-margin services mix with high-margin software all along. And by the time we get to our 5% services mix target, the cumulative effect of this mix shift will be about 10 points of margin expansion. We feel the negative impact to revenue growth from declining services revenue over the years has been more than justified by the positive impact of the higher profit software mix to our margins and free cash flow. Said differently, the quality of PTC's revenue has increased dramatically. At the next level, a second big driver of margin expansion has been our go-to-market improvements, which had dramatically increased the productivity of our salesforce over the years. In particular, our development of a strong cross-sell muscle has been very helpful to sales productivity and naturally, we leverage this key strategy whenever we bring acquired products into the mix like Codebeamer and ServiceMax. The third big driver in this group is our R&D offshoring program, which allows us to maintain relatively rich resourcing against more moderate spending levels. We tend to have a higher degree of offshoring than peers, and we have consistently proliferated this strategy across our portfolio and into acquisitions that we make. On a non-GAAP basis, year-to-date R&D spending is around 16% of revenue, but R&D accounts for 37% of our employee base. Our largest offshore site is the PTC R&D center in India that will celebrate its 30th anniversary next year. So, you can see we have an incredibly deep pool of talent and expertise there. The fourth item to point out is the portfolio rebalancing, we do as part of our planning every year to ensure that our resources are best positioned to drive growth while maximizing profitability. This strategy essentially boiled down to driving low-growth businesses at very high margins while driving moderate growth businesses at good margins, thus reserving sufficient dry powder to invest more aggressively to develop new high-growth businesses like Onshape, all while retaining an attractive and expanding company margin profile. The next layer, the margin strategy is to leverage the benefits of scale that a recurring subscription business offers. Because growth in ARR requires relatively little growth in terms of variable costs, we've been doing a good job following our rule of thumb that on average, our costs will rise at half the rate of ARR growth, helping to drive expanding margins year after year. The improving commercial discipline around churn, discounting and price optimization that I previously mentioned as a growth driver is obviously a margin driver, too, since our input costs are essentially the same independent of churn, discount and price levels. The incremental growth we get here comes at nearly 100% margin. Finally, the changes we made in fiscal 2021 to align our field organization to SaaS organizational principles, Together with the operational rebalancing we did in fiscal 2022 to better align spending with our growth outlook in IoT and ARR have been big margin drivers because they've allowed us to meet incremental resourcing needs without incremental hiring. Our IoT business, for example, now has mid-teens operating efficiency margins while being accretive to company growth. Similar then to what I said about ARR growth, the significant margin expansion we're delivering here in fiscal 2023 is really due to all of the above factors. In my view, these gains are fully sustainable with more to come in the future. As Kristian and I have said previously, we expect our operating efficiency margin to expand to 40% by fiscal 2025 and expect we can get to mid-40s longer term. So, we continue to have a lot of runway here. Moving on to slide 10 then. I'd like to discuss our plans for CEO succession. I feel the company is in great shape in terms of topline and bottom-line growth with multiple layers of initiatives that can sustain this performance well into the future. I trust you see we're continuing to demonstrate the resilience of our business as our growth powers on while PMI trends in the wrong direction. So, for me, with more than 25 years under my belt now at PTC, half that time as CEO, I think it's a perfect time to think about putting a new generation of leadership in place that can sustain this high level of success well into the future. I love this company, and I'm very proud of all that's been accomplished during my time here, but life is calling me to a new chapter in following the succession I plan to retire from traditional management roles. PTC's Board has given careful consideration to who should be PTC's next leader and how we could best transition this person into the role to preserve our strategy and momentum. Our Board engaged Korn Ferry's CEO succession practice to determine what characteristics were most important in our next CEO and to vet our internal candidates and to consider external candidates. That careful process led us to an ideal successor in Neil Barua, the former CEO of ServiceMax. Neil is smart in articulate and he knows our industry. He's been a CEO twice already, yet still has a lot of career runway. He has a finance background, but really leans in with customers and product strategies. He's developed great followership within PTC already. And by the time, Neil become CEO, he will have spent more than a year coming up to speed as a PTC insider. We are set up to have a seamless transition that offers complete continuity in the company's strategy and performance. So, effective now we've made a series of changes that initiate the transition process. I have been named Chairman and CEO and with plans for the CEO role to transfer to Neil on February 14th, 2024, which is the date of our next Annual Shareholders Meeting. Neil has been appointed to the Board and has been given the title of CEO Elect. Neil and I will work together over the coming six months to ensure Neil has ample opportunity to get to know our important customer, employee, and shareholder constituencies and to transition my knowledge, relationships, and responsibilities to him. Given that I'm a non-independent Chairman by definition, the Board has appointed experienced Director, Janice Chaffin, to be Lead Independent Director. Neil will inherit and be surrounded by an excellent team that fully supports him. Mike DiTullio, will continue to head our operations as President and COO. Kristian Talvitie will continue to head our financial strategy as CFO. Likewise, other PTC executives, such as our Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Chief Strategy Officer, Chief Legal Counsel, and Chief Human Resources Officer, will remain in place throughout the transition and beyond. This transition should be very smooth. The bottom-line is that the Board chose a great successor whom I fully endorse and who has the support of the entire team. I'm very happy for Neil and for myself, I might add, that we could find such an elegant way to transition PTC leadership into what promises to be an exciting and successful next phase for the company. With that, I'd like to turn to slide 11 and ask Neil to spend a few minutes introducing himself before we move back to Christian for additional commentary regarding results and guidance. Neil?
Neil Barua: Thanks Jim. Hello to everyone listening. It's great to be on the call today. PTC is a terrific company, and it's an honor to be named PTC's next CEO. I want to thank the Board for running a thoughtful succession planning process and for the vote of confidence they placed in me. I've learned a lot about PTC since the ServiceMax acquisition seven months ago, and I'm excited to continue learning from Jim, Mike, Kristian, and the rest of the leadership team during the transition period. I want to personally thank Jim for all he has done for PTC for setting things up so well for me and the team and for the friendship that we've built. For those on the call who don't know me, I've been in the tech industry for nearly 25 years. I was CEO of ServiceMax for about four years before the acquisition by PTC. Prior to that, I was CEO of IPC systems for four years. Prior to IPC, I worked in the technology PE space as an operating executive at both Silver Lake and Francisco Partners. PTC is in a terrific position, and my top priority is continued execution. Over these last six months, I've seen firsthand how excited our customers are about our model-based closed-loop digital threat strategy and how critical our software is for their digital transformation journeys. I've also observed the talent and passion of our employees and the commitment they bring to our customers and partners. There is no other company like PTC and I can't wait to roll up my sleeves and help take it to the next level. Over the next several weeks and months, I will be meeting and spending more time with our customers, employees, partners, and investors. I'll be joining many upcoming investor and analyst meetings with Jim and Kristian and I look forward to meeting you. Jim, thanks again to you and the Board. Over to you, Kristian.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks Neil. And let me start off by reiterating Jim's ringing endorsement. It's been great getting to know you and I'm looking forward to working with you to drive customer and shareholder value. Turning to slide 13, I'd like to note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance, and ARR references will be in both constant currency and as-reported. In Q3 2023, our constant currency ARR was $1.89 billion, up 25% year-over-year and above the high end of our guidance range. On an organic constant currency basis, excluding ServiceMax, our ARR was $1.7 billion, up 14% year-over-year. In Q3, our as-reported ARR was $61 million higher than our constant currency ARR on a year-over-year basis, currency fluctuations were neutral to growth in Q3. As Jim explained, our solid topline in Q3 was broad-based across all geographies and product groups. I'm sure many of you have been following the manufacturing PMIs due to the historical correlation with our topline when we operated a perpetual business model many years ago. The global manufacturing PMI peaked in December 2021 and has been under 50 for almost a year now. The Eurozone PMI has been particularly weak. In contrast to those trends, our topline, including in Europe, has continued to grow. Our subscription business model and low churn rates make our ARR resilient and demand for digital transformation continues across our customer base. In Q3, our ARR benefited from some timing, which we factored into our guidance for Q4. Naturally, we also took the outlook for bookings, churn, start dates, deferred ARR into account when we raised the midpoint of our fiscal 2023 ARR guidance range. Moving on to cash flow, our results were strong with Q3 cash from operations of $169 million and free cash flow of $164 million, coming in ahead of our guidance. This performance was driven by continued strong execution based on our foundation of solid collections and cost discipline. In addition, we had a net timing benefit of approximately $5 million in Q3. So, keep that in mind as we go through our Q4 cash flow guidance in a few minutes. When assessing and forecasting our cash flow, it's always good to remember a few things. The majority of our collections occur in the first half of our fiscal year. Q4 is our lowest cash flow generation quarter, and on an annual basis, free cash flow is primarily a function of ARR rather than revenue. Q3 revenue of $542 million increased $80 million or 17% year-over-year and was up 21% on a constant currency basis. In Q3, recurring revenue grew by $83 million, partially offset by a $3 million decline in professional services revenue. The decline in professional services revenue is consistent with Jim's mix conversation, including our strategy to transition some of our professional services revenue to DxP Services, our partner for Windchill + lift and shift projects. As we've discussed previously, revenue is impacted by ASC 606, so we do not believe that revenue is the best indicator of our underlying business performance, but would rather guide you to ARR as the best metric to understand our topline performance and cash generation potential. Moving to slide 14, we ended the third quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $282 million. Our gross debt was $2.365 billion with an aggregate interest rate of 5.6%. During Q3, we paid down $180 million of debt and at the end of Q3, we had $1 billion in high-yield notes, a $500 million term loan, and approximately $245 million drawn on our revolver. We have a second payment for the ServiceMax transaction due in October 23 of $650 million of which $620 million is already reflected as debt on our balance sheet and $30 million of imputed interest will be reflected in our Q1 2024 cash flow. We intend to fund this payment with cash on hand and our revolving credit facility. The deferred payment is included in debt on our balance sheet, as I just mentioned, and is factored into our debt-to-EBITDA ratio, which was three times at the end of Q3. We expect to be at or below three times levered by the end of Q4 and below three times levered throughout fiscal 2024. Given the interest rate environment, we continue to prioritize paying down our debt in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024. We've paused our share repurchase program and expect our diluted share count to increase by approximately 1 million shares in fiscal 2023. We expect to have substantially reduced our debt by the end of fiscal 2024 and will then revisit the prioritization of debt paydown and share repurchases. Despite this interruption, our long-term goal, assuming our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is below three times remains to return approximately 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders via share repurchases, while also taking into consideration the interest rate environment and strategic opportunities. Next, slide 15 shows our ARR by product group. In the constant currency section on the top half of the slide, we use FX rates as of September 30, 2022, to calculate ARR for all periods. You can see on the slide how FX dynamics have resulted in differences between our constant currency ARR and as-reported ARR over the past seven quarters. Based on exchange rates at the end of Q3 2023, our as-reported ARR at the end of fiscal 2023 would be higher by approximately $64 million compared to the midpoint of our constant currency guidance. We report both actual and constant currency results and FX fluctuations can have a material impact on actuals. But remember that we provide ARR guidance on a constant currency basis. If exchange rates fluctuate significantly between the end of Q3 and Q4, the impact to our as-reported ARR would also change. We believe constant currency is the best way to evaluate the topline performance of our business because it removes FX fluctuations from the analysis, positive or negative. With that, I'll take you through our guidance on slide 16. For all ARR guidance amounts, we are using our constant currency FX rates, which again, are as of September 30, 2022. For fiscal 2023, we expect constant currency ARR of $1.935 to $1.95 billion, which corresponds to constant currency ARR growth of 23% to 24%. We raised the low end of our guidance by $10 million, so the midpoint of our ARR guidance is up $5 million. On cash flows, we are again raising our fiscal 2023 cash flow guidance. We're now targeting cash from operations of approximately $605 million and free cash flow of approximately $585 million. As I pointed out last quarter, I think it's worth highlighting that we're raising our cash flow guidance for the year, while we have also been increasing investments in select growth opportunities for our business in the back half. The important point is that the resilience of our business model enables us to maintain core long-term investments even in a turbulent macro environment. In addition to that, as a baseline, we adjust shorter term investments accordingly, given our business performance and outlook. The result is solid and consistent cash flow growth. We maintain consistent billings practices, and we've optimized our processes around billings and payments over the past two to three years. Because of this, the quarterly seasonality of our free cash flow results has been very consistent over the past two years, and we're on track to deliver similar quarterly linearity in fiscal 2023 as well. For Q4, we're guiding to free cash flow of approximately $42 million. We expect approximately $2 million of CapEx in Q4, and therefore, our cash from operations guidance is approximately $44 million. Note, that we made acquisition and restructuring-related payments of $11 million through the first three quarters of the year, of which $3 million was paid in Q3. And we plan $11 million of payments in Q4, which we've also factored into our free cash flow guidance. Going forward, we also plan to provide full year and quarterly guidance for both revenue and EPS. We continue to believe that revenue and EPS are not good measures of our business performance. And internally, we look at ARR as our primary topline metric and free cash flow as our primary bottom-line metric. That said, the public scorecard is still often revenue and EPS. And while we have consistently met or beat on ARR and free cash flow over the past few years, we sometimes score a miss on revenue or EPS against metrics that we've not even guided to quarterly. So, now we're going to start guiding to both revenue and EPS on a quarterly basis. The EPS ranges we're providing are aligned with our revenue guidance ranges, which appropriately allow for a broad range of outcomes given ASC 606-related dynamics. For fiscal 2023, we've narrowed our revenue guidance range and primarily due to FX fluctuations, we lowered our revenue guidance midpoint by $5 million. Our fiscal 2023 revenue guidance range is $2.09 billion to $2.12 billion and for Q4, we're guiding to $540 million to $570 million. As a reminder, ASC 606 makes revenue fairly difficult to predict in the short term for on-premise subscription company. More importantly, revenue does not influence ARR or cash generation as we typically bill customers annually upfront regardless of contract term length. Moving on to EPS. For fiscal 2023, we expect GAAP EPS of $2.14 to $2.45 and non-GAAP EPS of $4.07 to $4.38. For Q4, our guidance range is $0.47 to $0.77 for GAAP and $0.95 to $1.25 for non-GAAP. Since revenue is impacted by ASC 606, it's important to remember that earnings per share is also impacted. Now that I've taken you through our guidance, let's quickly review how our guidance has progressed this year on slide 17. First, looking at ARR, as you'll recall, when we began fiscal 2023, we had a constant currency ARR growth range of 10% to 14%, given the uncertain macro environment. There's no doubt that we're operating in a difficult macro backdrop, but even still, we've been able to deliver solid results, taking the low end up every quarter this year. And now with our fiscal 2023 ARR guidance midpoint is for a 13% constant currency organic constant currency growth. As we begin to think about next year, while we're not guiding fiscal 2024 at this point. I think it's safe to assume that we will weigh our end market opportunity, pipeline, momentum and also try to consider the macro environment at the time. Assuming the current macro environment continues, I would not be surprised to see an ARR guidance set up similar to this year going into next year. And much like this year, I would think that we would expect to deliver a free cash flow result within our previously guided fiscal 2024 range regardless of the ARR outcome for the year in macro environment will be more judicious with our spending and in a more favorable topline environment, we are likely to invest more in the business. Because of the stability of the business model, we have a lot of room to match run rate topline inflows or cash generation with run rate expense investments, which are primarily headcount and COGS expenses related to SaaS delivery. I think we have proven that we will actively manage our investments in line with the macro and momentum -- business momentum we're seeing. Looking at our free cash flow guidance progression, we've been able to raise our guidance every quarter this year. We started the year guiding for 35% free cash flow growth and we're now guiding to 41% growth. Turning to slide 18, here's an illustrative constant currency ARR model. You can see our results over the past seven quarters, and the column on the right illustrates what's needed to get to the midpoint of our constant currency ARR guidance for Q4 of fiscal 2023. Because our ARR tends to see some seasonality, the most relevant comparison is the sequential growth in Q4 of 2022. The illustrative model indicates that to hit the midpoint of our Q4 2023 guidance range of $1.943 billion, we need to add $75 million of ARR on a sequential basis. This is $1 million less than the $76 million we added in Q4 of fiscal 2022. All things considered, we believe we've set our constant currency ARR guidance range prudently. Summarizing then on slide 19. First, we have a strong portfolio and strategy. This year, we've expanded our clear category leadership role in PLM, which has become a technology backbone for digital transformation and industrial company. The addition of ServiceMax further extends what was already a unique portfolio of interconnected digital thread capabilities across the full product life cycle. Second, our strong execution with organic growth at double-digit levels already. We're in the early days, but executing well against a major on-premise to SaaS transformation that should provide a multiyear growth tailwind. And as Jim explained, it's a massive oversimplification to focus only on SaaS as the growth driver for PTC. We continue to benefit from the cumulative layers of PTC-specific growth drivers, including driving customer expansion through cross-selling our unique portfolio. Third, we have a well-earned reputation for driving margin expansion that goes back more than a decade. We've been demonstrating that we're judicious with our investments, being mindful of both long-term opportunities and near-term macro uncertainty, from a cost and operational perspective, we're lean and a continuous improvement mindset is part of PTC's culture. Fourth, with the organic ARR growth in the low teens, juxtaposed against PMIs that are generally in the mid-40s. I trust you would agree that we're actively demonstrating that our business model is very resilient. Our topline growth and bottom-line profitability are approaching peer leadership levels. And finally, we're led by a team that has deep expertise and a proven ability to drive growth and margin expansion. For sure, the environment around us will continue to change, and we will continue to adapt accordingly while still pushing the envelope of what we can do for our customers. We're continuing to make progress towards our midterm guidance targets. In a challenging macro environment, we've been able to deliver solid ARR growth year-to-date in fiscal 2023. We have confidence in continued double-digit ARR growth and our free cash flow target for fiscal 2024 despite the macro uncertainty that continues to persist. We feel good about our midterm growth aspirations and cash flow targets as well. With so many positive trends going our way, we continue to believe PTC has a tremendous opportunity to continue to drive shareholder value. So, with that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jason Celino: Hey guys. Lots of unpack here. Jim, it looks like we have a couple of more quarters with you. So, I guess this isn't a goodbye yet. And Neil, looking forward to working with you as well. But I guess my question will go to Kristian. But to clarify, I think you said similar guidance framework for entering 2024 on how you kind of entered 2023. So maybe can you just elaborate on this a little bit more because I know you entered this year with 12% guidance midpoint. Thanks.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. So hey Jason, first of all, and thanks for the question. I think the point that we're making without really guiding for fiscal 2024 yet. Let's get through 2023 and actually see what the macro looks like and what the pipeline and everything actually continues to shape up to looking like. But we provided a fairly wide guidance range, 10% to 14% as we started fiscal 2023 that allowed for considerable amount of macro uncertainty. We've certainly seen that and I think that we would look for -- I wouldn't be surprised to see a similar setup as we start next year.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I think as we reflect on it, how we guided and how the year has transpired, we're pleased with the guidance. We're pleased with how resilient the business was. We're pleased with the fact that we've been able to ratchet the guidance up, but it feels like that was a good approach.
Jason Celino: Great. No, that's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Matt Hedberg: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats, Jim, 26 years, quite a run. Neil, I look forward to working with you more closely. And yes, I guess, Jim, we do get you for a few more quarters. So, that's good as well. I had a question on Creo Plus. Obviously, it just launched. Curious on some of the initial customer feedback. And really then, once you start to get more data, do you suspect that we'll see similar upsell to what you're seeing with Windchill +, which I believe is somewhere in the neighborhood of 2x uplift?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, Kristian, why don't I take the first half of the question and the customer reaction and you take the uplift, part. So, yes, we have, I'd say, good momentum out of the blocks. I mean, in the first quarter, introducing it in the middle of the quarter, we didn't expect to necessarily do a lot of business. But actually, our first order came from a customer was at LiveWorx and said, wow, that's kind of what we're looking for. And that's a customer incidentally who was planning to add multiple CAD systems right now and was planning to standardize on 1 kind of had a preference for Creo and then came to LiveWorx and said, what we really want is Creo Plus. So, that example of a relatively short sales cycle from a company who was pretty impressed with the technology and some of the advantages it brings. So I think the reaction is good. I mean it's very, very early. And so we shouldn't get ahead of ourselves. But it's always good to get out of the blocks fast and I feel like we did with Creo Plus in the quarter.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. And hey Matt, just back to your question on the uplift. We would expect, obviously, an uplift for Creo Plus as well, although I don't think it's going to be quite the 2x, it will be a little bit less than that. out of the gates, somewhere probably somewhere closer to, I don't know, 1.7-ish, maybe 1.7, 1.8, somewhere in that ballpark.
Matt Hedberg: Thanks a lot guys. Congrats again.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hey guys. Good evening.
Jim Heppelmann: Hi.
Steve Tusa: Congrats to both of you, Jim and Neil. Jim, didn't work with you for very long, but quite a run for sure.
Jim Heppelmann: Well, thank you.
Steve Tusa: Kristian, I didn't see any disclosure like last quarter on bookings and churn. Can you maybe give us a bit of an update on those metrics to the extent you can?
Kristian Talvitie: Hey Steve. So, actually, we're trying to stay focused on ARR and free cash flow and really ARR and sequential ARR and thinking about that framework. The trick with bookings is there's so many different dynamics to it that you just got to keep you on back layers and layers and layers and to be honest, it all nets out in the ARR number and the ARR guidance anyways. So, I mean, as we evolve this guidance process, I think you'll remember what we said last year about -- or last quarter about expectations and where we think that would land us for the full year. Obviously, now we took the low end up for the full year. We mentioned some timing issues. You obviously saw that we beat the sequential ARR or the ARR guidance for Q3. So, I think all that nets out in how we're feeling about the business and the pipeline from that perspective.
Steve Tusa: And I guess the 11 to 14 you mentioned as like a good framework. Is that an organic constant currency metric that you're talking about?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, it was actually 10 to 14. And yes, that would be organic constant currency.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then one last one, just on the new guidance for EPS and revenue. That was something that you guys chose to do, not something that I don't know what -- that was something like more of an IR kind of strategic discussion as opposed to something else?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, that's exactly right. I mean, again, really, the way that we look at the business is ARR and free cash flow. Revenue is very volatile, not necessarily for performance reasons, but for accounting reasons. And it really doesn't tell you anything about the performance of the business in any given quarter or even trended just because varying term lengths caused so much volatility that you actually can't really use revenue and therefore, really the full P&L as barometer of business performance. But that said, we also recognize that the investment community when doing comparative analysis and so on, does actually still refer to revenue and EPS. And as I said, there's a scorecard out there, and we look at the ARR and free cash flow scorecard and say, hey, great, we're actually doing good. We're meeting or beating expectations. And then on revenue and EPS, where we don't provide quarterly guidance, then everybody's left up to their own devices to define what that might be on a quarterly or a quarterly basis for revenue and EPS. Sometimes we miss on the scorecard. We score a miss. And so we're really just trying to be more proactive about that and provide some -- provide some of our color to--
Jim Heppelmann: Just if I could kind of add -- reiterate some points. We don't think these are meaningful metrics. We prefer not to miss them anyway. So, we're going to give you some guidance. I'm going to give you some guidance set your targets in the right place.
Kristian Talvitie: Jim is always makes much more sense.
Steve Tusa: Makes a ton of sense. Congrats to all you guys again. Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: All right. Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Broome with Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
Matthew Broome: Thanks very much and congratulations to Neil on your appointment and of course, to Jim, on your retirement. You'll certainly be missed. In terms of the timing benefits to ARR, just how big was that benefit? And what was the reason for that?
Kristian Talvitie: Hey Matt, it's Kristian. So, the timing benefit was a few million dollars, and it just has to do with when contracts are actually getting behind, is basically what it boils down to. I mean, deals are being worked for, in many cases, many months. And it just has to do with that really.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I mean it's the start date phenomenon that Kristian always talks about sometimes it's pretty typical that we signed a contract in this quarter. Sometimes it starts in this quarter, sometimes it starts next quarter. Sometimes it then ramps or not. So, just what we call in-quarter starts if it started in Q3 rather than Q4, well, it had helped Q3, but then it came out of Q4. So, that's really what we're talking about.
Matthew Broome: Got it. And then sorry, if I could just maybe quickly ask just in terms of this year's constant currency organic ARR growth guidance of 13%. How sustainable is that level of growth sort of going forward into FY 2024?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, I mean, again, we're not really going to guide fiscal 2024 at this point, but we have mid-teens growth aspirations over the midterm. I think that Jim did a great job kind of outlining a lot of the various growth drivers that help stack up to delivering on that kind of growth, then you have to overlay the macro and understand how that's impacting in any given period. But as we said, I'd be surprised if we had a -- I wouldn't be surprised if we had a similar guidance set up to last year. So, we think that whatever low to mid-teens growth is sustainable.
Matthew Broome: All right. Thanks again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Borg with Stifel. Your line is open.
Adam Borg: Awesome. Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe just on the macro Jim. I know you don't want to talk or Kristian, do you want to talk, explicitly around bookings trajectory in the quarter. But maybe you can talk a little bit more about the macro overall, how sales cycles changed in the quarter? And any changes by geography or vertical.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I think we can talk about it. I mean, I think at a high level, in the past several quarters, three quarters probably, we've talked about SMB being a challenge, China being a challenge. I think that continues particularly pockets of SMB, our arena business is not at the growth level it was previously. But that's not new news. That's kind of been here for multiple quarters already. And I think in Europe, we're actually surprised at how well we're doing, given some of the macro data points, the PMIs, stuff like that. So, it's sort of the same story as before, inside an uncertain environment, there's a few pockets of weakness. Most of the GOs and products are kind of doing just fine, and then there's some real pockets of strength, too. Like we've said before, Aerospace and Defense, for example, happens to be pocket of strength, medical device happens to be a pocket of strength. So, it's kind of a mixed bag. I think it nets out for the year to less favorable than I want to be. And I said we did slow down a bit. I mean, we exited last year with 15% growth. And this year, at the midpoint, we're calling 13%, but the year is not over. So, it could be we lose a point, point and a half of growth this year, two points maybe, I don't know. But I'll tell you what, that's pretty darn good in this environment. And it's certainly better than any of our peers have been able to do in this environment. So, we feel proud about it and feel confident going forward that this is a very growth-oriented sustainable, resilient business and it's not likely to change dramatically from that. And one other thing I'd say, we've also experienced in the past that when there's a slowdown, for example, in some of these pockets like, let's say, arena, when the environment improves, we get a surge as all of that business come trickling in now because people have authorization to go forward with this project, they've had sitting on the shelf for a while. So, we saw this in 2009, we saw in 2020. In 2020 Q2 and Q3 were pretty weak, and we had a blockbuster Q4 and kind of made up for all of it. So, I also think our view is probably when the environment improves, and I'm not sure when that will be, probably, we'll get a surge of strength as some of these projects that have been held back by the customers get funded again.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. God evening. Jim, Neil, one of the interesting things about your closed-loop life cycle management strategy is the multiple forms of associativity across the product line. And with that in mind and at the risk of asking which of your children do you favor the most question. What do you think is the next big thing in closed loop life cycle management? Is it PLM and ALM, PLM and SLM, is it perhaps CAD in simulation and SPDM or all of the above. But how do you think about where the next big thing in terms of incremental growth or share might be? And then if I could just add to that, related to the share, it's been demonstrable that you've gained share in your two biggest businesses, CAD and PLM, but SLM and ALM are smaller, arguably more fragmented businesses. So, how do you think about gaining share in both of those?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I think I'll take that one, Jay. It's probably not fair yet to pin on Neil, but maybe on the next call. But for this call, I'll take it. So, I think, first of all, I don't want to pick one thing, and that's kind of a message here is it's not like just one good thing happening at PTC. There's a whole stack of good things. But nonetheless, I think you would agree, we have a very strong PLM position and we've been taking share for years with PLM. In fact, you suggested it went from third place to second place and then I think we've gone the first place. So, PLM is a strength and I don't see that dying anytime soon. Now, that said, we acquired a real strength in ALM with Codebeamer, and that is a hot market. particularly in some places like automotive, which is a massive industry. I think most of you know, there's three to four software engineers per mechanical engineer in automotive development right now across all companies. So, that's a hot place to be, and we have a hot product in Codebeamer. And then I'd say in SLM, we have an offering that's pretty much unmatched. And particularly so when you take ServiceMax, the strategy we outlined at LiveWorx Service Max with Arbortext, with Servigistics, with ThingWorx, IoT with Vuforia ARR. There's just nothing to go against that, frankly, and certainly not anything model-based close-loop life cycle. I mean, the nearest thing we could point to in a competitor there would be like IFS, which is kind of a Swedish mainframe company. Not really over Siemens or anybody like that. So, I think we have some real strengths. But again, I don't think there's one. I think we have a portfolio of advantages we've been developing and will play out in our favor.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. So, Jim, given your long tenure, I was going to ask you about something you mentioned to me in 1999, but it can wait. We'll say it fix time.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Jay, my tenure is almost marked.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks guys.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Tilton with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Tilton: Hey guys. Thanks for sneaking me in here and congratulations to both of you. Jim, you mentioned you have a hot product with Codebeamer. We keep hearing nothing but positive things. Any chance you could just give a little bit more color on how it performed in the quarter. And I understand that it's officially organic, for Kristian, maybe just any sense for how it contributed to ARR this quarter and what you guys are baking in for its contribution in 4Q? Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. So, I mean, at a high level, we had a previous offering called Integrity, which had aged, let's say, over the years. And Codebeamer is a much newer kind of cutting-edge product. It's got great functionality, great usability supports all the Agile principles that embedded software developers also want to adopt now, but at the same time, provides the regulatory framework that they need to develop against. So, it's a great product. I think it's best in class and it's a hot market. So, we've been doing very well with these big auto companies that you would all know, you all know the names of. And I think we're going to land a few more here in the coming quarters. But -- it's certainly been accretive. I said last quarter, if you remember, that we had 13% growth, but if you'd let me look at Codebeamer a little differently, it had been 14 and now this quarter is 14%. So, you see that Codebeamer while not a big business, is performing well enough to lift the organic business up by as much as 100 basis points.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Wong with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Ken Wong: Great. Thanks for sneaking me in as well. So this question, I'm not sure if kind of appropriate at this stage, Neil. But mean Jim has established a pretty well-deserved reputation for delivering on cash flow and EPS in a past life. I guess as you kind of think about your background, how you look at the business, would you characterize yourself as having more of a growth or margin tilt?
Neil Barua: Ken, thanks for the question. I appreciate it. And as a way of backdrop, and a reminder, I've been at PTC getting myself very much embedded here for the last 7 months. And so spending meaningful time here in Boston, moving the family out in the next few weeks out here. So, I've got a good -- the point being, I've got a really good context so far of the business. Clearly in this transition with all the great things Jim has done with this great executive team, I'm going to get to know the business a lot better. But that being said, I've been part of the framework with the executive team building the near-term and long-term plans for the business and feel really confident about what we have put forward based on the momentum based on what I see, I am very much supportive of how KT has put together is free cash flow framework around the levers we have around the resilient business and the layer cake growth opportunities we have that Jim articulated. So, from a perspective of me being new, it's actually me having spent meaningful time here making sure I was comfortable with the things that we heard on the call and the go-forward perspective of the business. So, feel good about that with the layer cake growth strategy as well as a very disciplined approach to make sure free cash flow is something we stay very much focused in on.
Jim Heppelmann: And I can add in -- to give him some kudos here, he's ahead of plan on the free cash flow of ServiceMax. So, he gets it. I mean you know that cash flow comes from growth and careful application of spending and he's had a plan.
Kristian Talvitie: And demonstrated you not to answer the previous question about which of Jim's children do you like.
Ken Wong: Appreciate the insights guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Jester with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Daniel Jester: Great. Thanks for taking my question. So, congratulations on the first cross-sell of ServiceMax, which I suspect on a different call might have been highlighted more in your opening remarks. Maybe you could just spend a minute sort of providing a little more context kind of how that deal came together. And as you think about accelerating the cross-sell opportunity, any sort of learnings or strategic adjustments you've made as you've got this first deal across the door? Thank you.
Kristian Talvitie: Great question. And the children over time will be constructively across the whole digital thread. But in this regard of ServiceMax and SLM the cross-sell value that we're seeing and the momentum that we're building in a material deal that we closed out this past quarter was an evolution of an already significant customer of PTC for a number of years. And quite frankly, for the last three years, we've been trying to win it as a stand-alone business at ServiceMax when we put the companies together, went through LiveWorx and explain the closed loop -- model-based closed-loop digital thread strategy with PLM and SLM and the things that we could do to provide value for the customer, it was a no-brainer and there's no competitor that the actual industrial manufacturer out of Europe here had a choice to actually go to someone different. And so that thread and what we're doing to answer your second part of your question is across the collective customer base that has PLM and all the other categories that PTC has sold, we're actually integrating in the SLM portfolio and really showing the customer value and we've only started, as Jim mentioned, again, a material deal, and we feel confident that we're building the right pipeline and the energy around the customer really seeing a differentiated offer across this closed loop that we've been articulating as our strategy.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes and I think that one was fortunate because LiveWorx made the lightbulb come on, and then we had a very short sales cycle. So I certainly I certainly hope we can have other such short sales cycles, that's atypical. But I think the light bulb went on for a lot of companies at LiveWorx, there was a lot written about it, if you've seen that. So, it was great support for the concept of the physical and digital, the closed loop model-based closed-loop product life cycle management concept. So, I'm very optimistic, and there are numerous deals in the pipeline. They just didn't happen to close quick enough to get done in the quarter.
Daniel Jester: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Awesome. Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question here and congrats Jim and Neil, on your respective next phases. Listen, most of my questions have been answered. But maybe one for Kristian. Anything to note on pricing here, Kristian. I know the last couple of years have been responsive to the macro backdrop, right? Like not necessarily using that as much during tough times, also responding with inflation during more inflationary times. Anything to note more recently on pricing? Or how are you thinking about pricing going forward?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Hey Saket, thanks for the question. I mean I do think as the CPI continues to trend down in the -- we start to see a little bit more stability in the overall macro environment that will also be reflected in pricing strategy. So, I would expect that we would see normal kind of normal price increases again, absent some abnormal -- extremely abnormal macro situation. But that's what I would expect we'd start to see more normalized pricing action. Similarly, what we did similar to what we've done prior to COVID.
Saket Kalia: Understood. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Yes, hi. How are you guys?
Jim Heppelmann: Good. Hey Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Jim, Neil, congratulations on the transition. Just a question. I know you guys have number of AI offerings, I think, co-generative AI design. I think you for expert capture, I think, uses semi AI. I think AI within ThingWorx -- you had this for a while. Are you getting more customer inquiries given we're in this AI news cycle? And is this enough to start moving the needle?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I don't think it's ready to be a layer in the layer cake yet, Andrew, but it could head that way because certainly, there's a lot more industry buzz, a lot more people saying, what should we be doing? A lot of engineers saying, what does AI mean to engineering. And there's a lot of work going on at PTC, as you would expect, say, what else could we do? And of course, there's two dimensions of that. What can we do in our products that would create more value for our customers. And then secondarily, what can we do in our operations that would make us more productive. So, there's a lot of things happening here. And then we do have these three capabilities in the market already. So, I don't think that deserves yet to be a layer in that layer cake of growth drivers, but hey, let's try to develop it into one. I know that's on Neil's list.
Andrew Obin: Excellent. And just a follow-up question. What areas have you been adding incremental spending year-to-date?
Kristian Talvitie: Andrew, it's Kristian. So, if you're referring to the comments that we were talking about kind of increased investment in the back half and growth drivers that's been primarily in continued investment in Windchill + in Codebeamer, in particular, to name a couple.
Andrew Obin: Excellent. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nay Soe Naing with Berenberg. Your line is open.
Nay Soe Naing: Hi, thanks for taking my question and I'd like everyone else, congrats to Jim and will put your upcoming roles. -- for cost with a question on you mentioned that we're seeing the weakening macro numbers in the global manufacturing PMIs. I was wondering if and when we -- you do start to feel the pressure from those decline in macros, which aspects would you start to resume first deal the pressure? Would it be in new business? Or would it be when you renew contracts, customers are committing to a lower level of contract values than what you would have expected them to? And then in terms of growth percentage points, how much would be at risk if we start to see macro pressures in the performances?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I think -- maybe I'll try a start, Kristian, you can help. So, I mean, the factors that build up ARR are fundamentally bookings and churn, but we can leave deferred and all that stuff out of the discussion for a minute. We've seen no evidence of increased churn in bad macro environments. We did not see it in 2009. We did not see it in 2020, and we have not seen it this year. So, I just feel like our software when it goes into production has always stayed in full production in terms of at least anyway, churn rates being the same. So, I'm going to take that off the table. I just -- there's no data through three down cycles to suggest that's vulnerable. And then as you go to bookings, I mean we've been clear, we've already seen some pressure in pockets. And when Kristian said some time ago that we -- our expectation was flat organic bookings for the year, well, we had probably hoped to do better than that. So, I think that's where we feel the pressure. But again, we gave some scenarios a year ago when we guided this 10 to 14 and said, We can actually withstand quite a bit of bookings pressure and still deliver some pretty impressive ARR results and off that, some pretty impressive free cash flow numbers. So, again, the business model is quite resilient, and it's because it's a recurring model with a low churn rate, I mean, fundamentally. So, you can go back and review that guidance. We're not really trying to guide the next year here, but I think the low end of the scenario was 30% bookings decline, which kind of matched more or less what we saw in 2009, but of course, the metrics were a little bit different then. But anyway, we sort of feel like even in a difficult environment, we can post some peer-leading growth rates and off that, peer-leading free cash flow growth rates because of the nature of the business.
Kristian Talvitie: And I mean we're in a difficult environment right now.
Nay Soe Naing: Thank you very much. Particularly helpful.
Operator: That is all. I'd like to turn the call back to Jim for closing remarks.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay, great. Well, thank you all, and thank you for the kind comments for both Neil and myself. We appreciate that. A lot of news here. We're going to be quite active on the Investor Relations circuit here over the next quarter, this current quarter. Starting with callbacks, which Neil and I will both participate in. We're planning to be in New York, Tuesday of next week. We don't have the details quite nailed down yet, so look for an e-mail from Matt, Shamal. And then PTC people, various different people are going to attend the KeyBanc Virtual Road Show on the 31st of July. We're going to the KeyBanc Annual Technology Leadership Forum in Vail on August 7th and the 28th, we're going to be at the Stifel Tech Executive Summit in Deer Valley. And we're going to as well be at the Citi 2023 Global Tech Conference in New York City on September 6th. So, you'll have ample opportunities to talk to us. We're looking forward -- lots of good stuff happening in the business. We think this CEO succession is good and healthy and careful and will be continuous and everybody is happy about it. So, thanks a lot for your time, and I appreciate the support and look forward to seeing you on the road or at the next earnings call as the case may be. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the PTC 2023 Second Quarter Conference Call. During todays presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode, following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matt Shimao, PTC's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Shimao: Good afternoon. Thank you, Lisa, and welcome to PTC's Fiscal 2023 second quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast, and a replay of the call will be available later today at www.ptc.com. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as well as in today's press release.  The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today's date, April 26, 2023, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted the common principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's Chief Executive Officer, Jim Heppelmann.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks, Matt. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report PTC delivered strong results in our second fiscal quarter of 2023. As you know, we feel that ARR and free cash flow are the best metrics to assess the performance of our business. We exceeded our guidance on both metrics in Q2 and are at the midpoint, raising the full year guidance for both metrics. A reminder that as usual, I'll focus my discussion on constant currency results when discussing top line metrics and Kristian will expound on currency effects later in the call. Starting with the top line metric of ARR on Slide 4. In Q2, we came in at $1.814 billion, which was above the high end of our guidance range and up 26% year-over-year. Top line strength was broad based across all segments and geographies. Bookings were solid in Q2, and our churn results were outstanding.  Organic ARR growth was 13%, with ServiceMax and Codebeamer, contributing the extra 13 points of inorganic growth to bridge us to that 26% growth rate. Given our strong first half results, together with a solid outlook for the second half, we are narrowing our full year ARR guidance range while slightly raising the midpoint. Kristian will provide guidance details later. Global PMIs continue to hover in the mid-40s to 50 range, suggesting the business environment remains challenging for industrial companies, but it does not appear to be getting much worse. Despite the sluggish macro, the solid organic bookings result we saw in Q2 was up nicely on a sequential and year-over-year basis, suggesting at this point that the softer booking result in Q1 was probably an anomaly, within the normal range of bookings volatility rather than the beginning of a more sinister trend. While we did see continued booking softness in small and medium business and in China, this was offset by notable bookings strength in Europe and in the U.S. and in particular, with Windchill and Codebeamer as well as with IoT and AR. Running counter to the SMB trend, Onshape had a record bookings quarter, helped in part by a large household name electronics company, making the decision to move away from SolidWorks and standardize instead on Onshape to gain the advantages of SaaS and agile product development. This key win represents a notable milestone for Onshape.  In our core business, we saw a higher mix of ramp deals from companies choosing to proceed with large strategic programs but wanting to ramp their deployments over multiple years. This buying behaviour pushes more of the bookings into deferred ARR, which benefits fiscal '24 and fiscal '25 ARR growth more than it does fiscal '23. Deferred ARR is up sharply year-over-year. Naturally, we took the outlook for bookings, churn, start dates and deferred ARR into account when we adjusted our FY '23 ARR guidance. We landed a large and interesting PLM and ALM order from a European automotive OEM that included extension options for Windchill and Codebeamer to contemplate our relationship spanning 20 years. The fact that an automotive OEM wants to understand commercial terms over the next two decades, speaks to how sticky our software is. Clearly, they expect to have it for a while.  A final top line observation is that organic growth arguably has a bit more momentum than the numbers on this slide suggests. That's because following the Codebeamer acquisition, our strategy has been to shift our organic ALM selling effort to the new Codebeamer technology platform. That strategy is working and Codebeamer is doing exceptionally well.  Codebeamer is now the ALM standard at several of the largest European and Asian auto OEMs and at numerous suppliers. But the consequence of this shift in sales strategy is that some of the ALM business we would have likely transacted organically is now scored as inorganic Codebeamer instead. We estimate that excluding the impact of this mix shift factor in Q2 because this slide to show organic growth at 14%, with inorganic growth at 12. Codebeamer will become organic in Q3 when we pass the acquisition anniversary. Moving to Slide 5 and switching to our bottom line. We delivered $207 million of free cash flow in Q2, a record quarterly result that was ahead of our guidance and up 48% year-over-year. Note that in fiscal '22, we had $41 million of restructuring-related cash outflows for the full year and $18 million in Q2. Excluding the impact of restructuring payments in last year's compare, we still delivered 31% year-over-year free cash flow growth in Q2, driven by a combination of strong ARR growth and higher operating efficiency due to disciplined cost management. We raised our free cash flow guide for the year. Kristian will elaborate on that, too. To help you understand what's driving the big year-over-year increase in free cash flow, let me recap the margin expansion program that PTC management has been driving. First, I'll remind you that operating efficiency is our metric that measures the percentage of our billings that we're able to convert to cash flow each year.  Margins have been expanding for many years now, but the organizational realignment we did at the end of fiscal '21, coupled with the resource rebalancing work we did during fiscal '22, have together created an organizational model for PTC that's efficient and sustainable. We delivered 300 basis points of expansion in fiscal '22. At the midpoint of our fiscal '23 ARR guidance range, based on actions that are well behind us now, we expect our operating efficiency to expand by at least another 450 basis points this year. Looking back, while other companies were hiring like crazy, the proactive work we did to optimize our cost structure proved prescient and is generating exactly the results we promised. Given the trends at PTC, we do not anticipate any need for the type of layoffs or restructuring that we've seen in the tech world around us. Indeed, we're still hiring and investing in the business, albeit conservatively, which Kristian will discuss later. Turning to Slide 6. A large driver of this margin expansion is the natural result of putting the business model transition behind us, traversing the valley of death in fiscal 2014 through '19 caused PTC to defer revenue recognition while retaining the same spending levels, which made our reported margins look much worse than they fundamentally were.  The short-term pain we endured during that transition is long gone and now we're enjoying the fruits of the long-term gain we were aiming for, which is a resilient business that's tracking toward peer-leading performance. That's a good segue to Slide 7, where I'd like to share a view of PTC's combined top and bottom line performance in comparison to peers. Starting at the upper left, Autodesk recently showed this FY '23 Rule of 40 comparison at their Investor Day in March. Note that Autodesk's definition of the Rule of 40 uses free cash flow margin rather than operating margin, which is probably a good way to look at it given ASC 606 accounting noise. I'd prefer to use ARR rather than revenue growth for the same reasons but I realize that makes comparisons of actuals hard to do. So for today's purposes, we will embrace Autodesk's definition. That said, this chart showed PTC with an anemic 28% figure for fiscal '23, which didn't sound right to me given the margin expansion I just described.  So moving to the upper right, our team looked up all the axles to reverse engineer the Autodesk chart and two things became clear: First, Autodesk has a strange fiscal calendar, where 11 of the 12 months of their fiscal '23 actually happened in calendar '22. Most of the companies in this analysis, including PTC, I would say this is really a '22 comparison. Second, there are some significant onetime factors involved here, too, because PTC's fiscal '22 cash flow was negatively impacted by the restructuring I mentioned, whereas Autodesk cash flow during this period was helped by their practice of building multiyear subscriptions upfront, which they've since committed to move away from. Putting those points aside, obviously, the future matters more than the past. So it's interesting to consider the trajectory of companies in this peer group going forward. The two charts on the lower half of the slide have been created using consensus data pulled directly from FactSet. In the current year, based on strong growth and significant free cash flow margin expansion that PTC has been delivering, we're expected to move to the middle of the pack while Autodesk recedes. Next year in 2024, based on continued growth and margin expansion, PTC is expected to lead this peer group in the Rule of 40 as Autodesk defines it. Of course, these are just consensus models and not actuals, but we're comfortable with the expectations shown here for PTC because they align to the midterm guidance ranges we provided at our November Investor Day. We'll plan to revisit this useful chart periodically to track how PTC is doing as compared to peers. Turning to Slide 8. Let's look at ARR growth by geography. ARR growth in Americas was 29%. In Europe ARR growth was 25% and in Asia Pacific, ARR growth was 19%. All three regions benefited from the acquisitions of ServiceMax and Codebeamer, albeit to differing degrees. Next, let's look at ARR performance of our product groups on Slide 9. In CAD, which is those products that enable authoring of product data, we delivered 10% ARR growth in Q2 in a market that's been growing an estimated 7%. Within these results, the growth was primarily driven by Creo, but supplemented by strong percentage growth in Onshape.  Shave Blecher, recently noted in his research that Creo has been the fastest-growing major CAD system for 12 of the past 16 quarters. Onshape is growing at a considerably faster rate than Creo. So PTC is clearly taking shares in different parts of the market with both products. I feel we have a great hand to play in the CAD market. In PLM, which includes those products that enable data and process management, our ARR growth rate in Q1 was 39% or 16% organic with the inorganic growth coming from both ServiceMax and Codebeamer, Codebeamer having enjoyed a tailwind from the ALM mix shift factor I previously mentioned.  In PLM, we continue to significantly outperform the market, which has been growing approximately 8% in core PLM, but more like 11% when you roll in the extended PLM categories of ALM and SLM. ARR growth for PLM in Q2 was primarily driven by Windchill, supplemented by strong percentage growth in arena, IoT and SLM. PTC has a strong hand to play here, too. As clearly, we are taking significant market share in the PLM market as well. Turning to Slide 10. Now that 2022 is behind us, we thought it would be helpful to publish PTC's calendar year performance for those analysts who wish to make growth and market share comparisons on that basis. As you can see, calendar 2022 was a strong year for PTC, and it was our fifth consecutive year of double-digit ARR growth in both our CAD and PLM segments. In PLM, the addition of ServiceMax into our portfolio brings management of the customer's installed base of products into our product life cycle management offering and this significantly expands our category leadership. On a calendar 2022 basis, inclusive of the $153 million ServiceMax contributed on a pro forma basis, PLM revenue was $1.15 billion. ARR growth was strong at 20%, with organic at 18%, which suggests we're widening the leadership gap.  In Canada, results were all organic in calendar '22 and growth here too remains well ahead of the market. CAD revenue was $788 million in calendar '22 and the ARR growth rate was 10%. PTC's growth rate in CAD is best-in-class. So while we're not the category leader, given the differential growth rates we are in the passing lane. Turning to Slide 11. In just a few weeks, we're hosting our big LiveWorx event on May 15 and 16 here in Boston. This is our flagship event dedicated to our customer and partner ecosystem, and we're also welcoming investors to join. It's a great way to network and learn first-hand all things PTC. This year, we're excited to try a new approach to maximize the investor experience. In addition to having an exclusive investor lunch session on sustainability as well as an executive Q&A session, we have organized an immersive investor track, which will enable you to attend our main keynote and our spotlight sessions on ServiceMax, Windchill and Creo Plus sitting alongside our customers and partners.  We will host a special demo tour for investors, and you'll be free to explore and learn more on your own too. There will also be opportunities to network with our executive team and our Board will be present as well. We would love to see you at LiveWorx. If you need registration details, please reach out to our IR team. On Slide 12, one of the demos you can check out in the Windchill section will come from Fresenius Medical Care. Fresenius is the world's leading provider of products and services for individuals that need dialysis treatment. Fresenius produces dialysis machines in over 40 manufacturing facilities around the globe and also runs a network of over 4,000 dialysis clinics. There's a lot of inherent complexity in their product life cycle.  Fresenius saw the opportunity to bring down treatment costs and improve their products by building a digital thread workflow across their engineering, manufacturing and service domains. Windchill was selected as the backbone to bring product data together and enable better collaboration across internal groups and with external partners. Fresenius subsequently standardized on Creo and has since adopted ThingWorx for smart connected products and for smart connected factories. Currently, they're exploring how they might leverage ServiceMax in that digital threat. Fresenius is a great case study that shows the breadth of what PTC technology can enable. For another teaser on Slide 13, one of the demos you literally can't missing is the Komatsu wheel loader. It's big and yellow and weighs 30 tons. Using Creo and Windchill Komatsu engineers and manufacturers' equipment that customers use for decades in the field. Because Komatsu's aftermarket service business contributes significantly to their overall financial results, they've been investing in software to make the services business more efficient and productive. Komatsu has been using PTC service life cycle management software, including Servigistics since 2006 to optimize spare parts inventory and Arbotex since 2015 to streamline the availability of service instructions.  Last year, Komatsu expanded their investment in service technology by selecting ServiceMax. Komatsu purchased software independently from PTC and ServiceMax when we are still separate companies, but represents a good example of the type of customer where we think we can be successful cross-selling because they really appreciate that 3D model-based digital threat. Komatsu is also a poster child for my point that for every customer that ServiceMax currently has, PTC has 10 more that look like them. Companies that use Creo and Windchill to produce products that have long service lives. Summarizing then on Slide 14 and fiscal '23, we're continuing to make good progress toward our midterm guidance targets. With solid first half results, we're well positioned to achieve our full year ARR and free cash flow guidance, which ticked upward this quarter. PTC has expanded our clear category leadership role in PLM, which has become a must-have technology backbone for digital transformation at industrial companies. The addition of ServiceMax further extends what was already a unique portfolio of interconnected digital threat capabilities across the full product life cycle. Second, with organic growth at double-digit levels already, we're in the early days, but executing well against the major on-premise to SaaS transformation that should provide a multiyear growth tailwind. You'll learn a lot more about our SaaS strategy at LiveWorx. Third, we have a well-earned reputation for driving margin expansion that goes back more than a decade and the proactive changes we made are driving high levels of free cash flow growth through the midterm guidance period. Fourth, with organic ARR in the low teens, juxtaposed on PMIs in the upper 40s, I trust you would agree we are actively demonstrating that our business model is very resilient. Q2 bookings were solid and churn outstanding.  Top line growth and bottom line profitability are approaching peer leadership levels even in this challenging macro environment. And finally, we're led by a team that has deep expertise and a proven ability to drive growth and margin expansion. I want to congratulate Mike DiTullio, who was promoted to President and COO in the quarter. Mike and I have decades of experience working together, and I'm very much enjoying this new division of labor.  Congratulations also to Neil Barua, who was previously the CEO of ServiceMax and joined PTC as the President of our SLM business that combines ServiceMax with PTC's broader suite of service-related technologies and use cases. We're pleased to have Neil join the team and love what he brings to the business. With so many positive trends going our way, I continue to believe PTC has a tremendous opportunity to create shareholder value. With that, I'll turn it over to Kristian for his more detailed commentary on financial results and guidance.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I get into it, I'd like to note that the non-GAAP results and guidance and ARR references I'll be discussing will be in both constant currency and as reported. Turning to Slide 16. In Q2 of '23, our constant currency ARR was $1.81 billion, up 26% year-over-year and above the high end of our guidance range. On an organic constant currency basis, excluding ServiceMax and Codebeamer, our ARR was $1.63 billion, up 13% year-over-year. As Jim explained, our solid top line in Q2 was broad-based across all geographies and product groups. Our pipeline development also continued over the past three months in a solid and consistent way, and our outlook was steady all quarter long. In Q2, our organic top line continued to show good resilience. I'm sure many of you have been following the manufacturing PMIs due to the historical correlation with our top line when we operate a perpetual business model. The PMIs have been soft over the past year, particularly in Europe where factory orders have been down 11 months in a row and where the Eurozone PMI was a little over 47 in March.  In contrast to those trends, our top line, including in Europe, has continued to grow. Our subscription business model makes our ARR resilient and demand for digital transformation continues across our customer base. In fact, Q2 was one of our best bookings quarters in Europe ever.  On an as-reported basis, we delivered 23% ARR growth, 11% organic. In Q2, our as reported ARR was $68 million higher than our constant currency ARR. Remember that for our constant currency reporting, we use rates as of September 30, 2022, for all periods, forwards and backwards. On a year-over-year basis, currency fluctuations were still a meaningful headwind in Q2 and for the entire first half. Moving on to cash flow. Our results were strong with Q2 cash from operations of $211 million and free cash flow of $207 million, coming in ahead of our guidance. This performance was driven by continued strong execution based on a foundation of solid collections and cost discipline. When assessing and forecasting our cash flow, it's always good to remember a few things. The majority of our collections occur in the first half of our fiscal year. Q4 is our lowest cash flow generation quarter, and on an annual basis, free cash flow is primarily a function of ARR rather than revenue. Q2 revenue of $542 million increased 7% year-over-year and was up 13% on a constant currency basis. In Q2, recurring revenue grew by approximately $40 million, partially offset by small declines in perpetual license and professional services revenue. The decline in professional services revenue is consistent with our strategy to transition some of our professional services to DXP services, our partner for Windchill plus lift and shift projects.  And the decline in perpetual license revenue is consistent with our plan to continue transitioning Kepware to a subscription model over time. Kepware is the primary driver of the small amount of perpetual license revenue we have left.  As we've discussed previously, revenue is impacted by ASC 606, so we do not believe that revenue is the best indicator of our underlying business performance, but would rather guide you to ARR as the best metric to understand our top line performance and cash generation. Moving to Slide 17. We ended the second quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $320 million. Our gross debt was $2.545 billion with an aggregate interest rate of 5.4%. In Q2, in conjunction with the ServiceMax acquisition, we took out a $500 million term loan and increased the size of our revolving credit facility from $1 billion to $1.25 billion. After the new borrowings and $205 million of debt pay down in Q2, we had $1 billion in high-yield notes, a $500 million term loan and approximately $425 million drawn on our revolver at the end of the quarter. As a reminder, we have a second payment for the ServiceMax transaction due in October of 2023 of $650 million, which consists of $620 million of debt and $30 million of imputed interest. We intend to fund this with cash on hand and our revolving credit facility. This deferred payment is included in debt on our balance sheet and is factored into our debt-to-EBITDA ratio, which was 3.4 times at the end of Q2. We continue to be -- expect to be around 3 times levered by the end of Q4 and below 3 times throughout fiscal '24.  Given the interest rate environment, we expect to prioritize paying down our debt in fiscal '23 and fiscal '24. We've paused our share repurchase program. And in fiscal '23, we expect our diluted share count to increase by approximately 1 million shares. We expect to substantially reduce our debt by the end of fiscal '24 and will then revisit the prioritization of debt pay down and share repurchases. Despite this interruption, our long-term goal, assuming our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is below 3 times remains to return 50% or so of our free cash flow to shareholders via share repurchases while also taking into consideration the interest rate environment and strategic opportunities. Next, Slide 18 shows our ARR by product group. In the constant currency section on the top half of the slide, we use rates as of September 30, 2022, to calculate ARR for all periods. You can see on the slide how FX dynamics have resulted in differences between our constant currency ARR and as reported ARR over the past six quarters.  Based on exchange rates at the end of Q2 '23, as reported ARR in Q3 '23 would be higher by approximately $70 million compared to the midpoint of our constant currency guidance and fiscal '23 in as reported ARR would be higher by approximately $73 million compared to our constant currency guidance midpoint. We report both actual and constant currency results and FX fluctuations can have a material impact on actuals. But remember, we provide ARR guidance on a constant currency basis. If exchange rates fluctuate significantly, between the end of Q2 '23 and the end of Q3 '23, the impact to our as reported ARR would also change. We believe the constant currency is the best way to evaluate the top line performance of our business because it removes FX fluctuations from the analysis, positive or negative.  Given the continued volatility in FX that we've seen over the past few months, I thought it would be useful to update our ARR sensitivity rule of thumb on Slide 19. Using FX rates at the end of Q2, the impact of a $0.10 change in the euro to USD rate would be about $40 million positive or negative and the impact of a JPY 10 change in the U.S. dollar to yen rate would be about $9 million, again, positive or negative.  In addition to the dollar, we transact in euro, the yen and more than 10 other additional currencies. And of course, the estimated dollar impact to ARR is dependent on the size of the ARR base. With that, I'll take you through our guidance on Slide 20. For all ARR guidance amounts, we're using our constant currency FX rates, which are as of September 30, 2022. For fiscal '23, we expect constant currency ARR growth of 22% to 24%, which corresponds to a fiscal '23 constant currency ARR guidance range of $1.925 billion to $1.95 billion. We raised the low end by $15 million and lowered the high end of our ARR range by $10 million. So the midpoint of our ARR guidance is up a few million dollars. I'm going to circle back on this on the next slide to provide a little more context. For Q3, we're guiding constant currency ARR to be in the range of $1.845 billion to $1.855 billion. At the midpoint, this equates to 24% constant currency growth.  On cash flows, we are again raising our fiscal '23 cash flow guidance. We're now targeting cash from operations of $600 million and free cash flow of $580 million. I think it's worth pointing out that we're raising our cash flow guidance for the year while also increasing investments in select growth opportunities for our business in the second half of fiscal '23. The important point here is the resilience of our business enables us to maintain core long-term investments even in a turbulent macro environment. In addition to that, as a baseline, we can adjust our shorter-term investments accordingly given our business performance and outlook.  The net result is solid and consistent cash flow growth. We maintain consistent billing practices and we've improved our processes around collections and payments over the past 2 to 3 years. Because of this, the quarterly seasonality of our free cash flow results has been very consistent over the past 2 years, and we're on track to deliver similar quarterly linearity in fiscal '23 as well. As in the past two fiscal years, we ended the halfway point of fiscal '23 at approximately 65% of our full year cash flow target. For Q3, we're guiding to free cash flow of approximately $155 million. We expect approximately $5 million of CapEx, and therefore, our cash from operations guidance is approximately $160 million. Moving to revenue guidance. For fiscal '23, we expect revenue of $2.08 billion to $2.14 billion, which corresponds to a growth rate of 8% to 11%. ASC 606 makes it fairly difficult to predict in the short term for on-premise subscription companies, hence the wide range. More importantly, revenue does not influence ARR or cash generation as we typically bill customers annually upfront regardless of contract term lengths. Next, on Slide 21. We've taken you through a lot of details. So I think it's important to step back and give you a high-level perspective. We'll use the slide that we showed on our Q4 '22 call as a basis to do this. The initial guidance range and scenarios we provided on our Q4 '22 call is at the bottom half of this slide.  We started the year providing a range of ARR outcomes that included organic bookings anywhere from up 5% to down 15% on a year-over-year basis and churn anywhere from flat to worse by 100 basis points. On the top half of the slide, you can see a summary of the current guidance range. As you can see, we've narrowed the guidance from our initial range of $60 million at the start of the year to our current range of $25 million at the midpoint. In short, since Q4 of fiscal '22, we've taken the bottom end of the ARR range up by $25 million and taking the top end of the range down by $10 million, along with the adjustment for ServiceMax we made at the time of close. So basically, based on our first half performance and the outlook for the second half, we've taken the initial low-end scenario for ARR off the table, which called for an organic bookings decline of 15% and for churn to increase.  Our organic bookings growth was solid in the first half, and we expect flattish organic bookings for the full year. We've also continued our strong organic churn performance, and we've actually seen an improvement of about 50 basis points in the first half. And while we continue to guide to flat churn for the year, we think this may be conservative. There are a lot of factors that could impact where we end the year in terms of ARR and just to be clear on the major factors they include: first, whether organic bookings are flat or a little better or a little worse than that. Second, how inorganic bookings perform also matters. The scenarios we're showing on the bottom half of the page only contemplated organic bookings. In addition to flattish organic bookings, we expect total bookings growth on a year-over-year basis, supported by bookings from ServiceMax and Codebeamer. Third, whether churn comes in flat or continues on the trend of slight improvement we've seen in the first half. Fourth, we saw in Q2, in particular, increased customer interest in ramp deals. These are multiyear contractual commitments from customers where the ARR increases during the contractual term. In practice, what this means is that the amount of ARR we get in year one is smaller than the exit run rate, which is what creates deferred ARR for us.  These are great deals in the sense that they demonstrate significant customer commitments to PTC. And with low churn rates we have, these deals bode well for future ARR growth.  And lastly, it probably goes without saying that the difference in timing of booking a deal and when the contract term actually begins, matters as well. We count the booking when we sign the contract, but ARR and revenue start only when the contract term begins. We have consistently called this out as a factor in ARR, especially in Q4 when we may sign a contract in Q4, but for a variety of reasons, it doesn't actually start until Q1. This also can create deferred ARR for us, but it's just short-term deferred and the timing difference is generally measured in days or weeks. A lot of moving parts for sure, but the net result of all of this is that we've raised the midpoint of our ARR guidance by approximately $8 million from when we started the year. On the free cash flow side of the equation at the beginning of the year, we said we thought $560 million was a good target regardless of the ARR outcome as we would moderate or increase spending based on the environment as we saw. As you know, we were cautious on spending and hiring in the first half, and that has served us well.  We're comfortable increasing the target to $580 million for the year, given the results in the first half and the outlook for the back half. While there is a tailwind from FX to be expected for the year, I'll remind you that FX rates in the first half are still below the FX rates for the first half of last year. So we've not really seen much of a year-over-year benefit from FX thus far this year. And I'll also remind you, we generate about 65% of our free cash flow in the first half. But if FX rates hold for the second half, we should see some pickup. That said, this will be offset by higher-than-anticipated interest rates and the increased investments we're making in select growth opportunities, namely Codebeamer, Windchill Plus and Atlas in the back half, and this is all factored into our current guidance. Hopefully, this slide helps clarify at a big picture level, how we've performed through the first half and our expected range of outcomes for the back half. Summing all this up, in the first half of fiscal '23, we've been demonstrating the resilience of the model and the stickiness of our solutions or said another way, the value that customers are getting from our solutions in an uncertain macro environment.  On the top line, we think the combination of flattish organic bookings compared to record bookings last year with additional growth coming from our more recent acquisitions and churn that is flat to improving is a compelling outcome in a difficult macro. On the bottom line, we're continuing to be judicious with our investments being mindful of both long-term opportunities and near-term macro uncertainty. Turning to Slide 22. Although we're not providing separate guidance on ServiceMax, I thought it would be helpful to summarize the financial disclosures we made on ServiceMax in one place for you. These are the same numbers we provided previously with one exception. Since we focus on software ARR, we updated the geographic region chart to show the expected ARR mix instead of the expected revenue mix. As part of PTC, ServiceMax continues to trend toward the numbers we gave you. Turning to Slide 23. Here's an illustrative constant currency ARR model for the back half of the year. You can see our results over the past six quarters and the two columns on the right illustrate what is needed to get to the midpoint of our constant currency ARR guidance for Q3 and Q4 of fiscal '23 because our ARR tends to see some seasonality, the most relevant comparisons are the sequential growth in Q3 and Q4 of fiscal '22. The illustrative model indicates that to hit the midpoint of our Q3 '23 guidance range of $1.85 billion, we need to add $36 million of organic ARR on a sequential basis. This is $7 million less than the $43 million we added in Q3 of fiscal '22. And in percentage terms, we need 2% organic sequential ARR growth to hit our guidance midpoint for Q3, which is at the lower end of what we've delivered over the past six quarters.  Next, to hit the midpoint of our full year guidance range of $1.938 billion, we need to add $88 million of organic ARR on a sequential basis in Q4. While this is $12 million more than we added in Q4 of fiscal '22, we expect previously deferred ARR and sequential ARR growth from ServiceMax that we didn't have in Q4 of '22. We expect these 2 things will more than compensate for the additional $12 million sequential increase when compared to Q4 of '22. All things considered, we believe we've set our Q3 '23 and full year constant currency ARR guidance ranges prudently. Turning to Slide 24. I'll conclude my prepared remarks today by highlighting that we prepared for a storm, and we're demonstrating resilience in the midst of one. For sure, the environment will continue to change around us, and we will continue to adapt accordingly while still pushing the envelope of what we can do for our customers. From a top line perspective, we serve industrial product companies and R&D at those companies tends to be quite resilient. So we have a supportive top line backdrop. We also have a subscription business model and our products are very sticky with our customers. Given our results in the first half and the pipeline and outlook for the second half, we expect to deliver flattish organic bookings in fiscal '23 in comparison to record bookings in 2022. We also expect our ARR growth in fiscal '23 to benefit from incremental ServiceMax and Codebeamer contributions. And on the top line, we conservatively expect flattish churn from the already strong level of churn at the end of fiscal '22. Just as importantly, from a cost and operational perspective, we are lean, having already battened down the hatches a while ago. In addition to the cost optimization work we did last year, we slowed planned hires and backfills in the first half of fiscal '23. We're well positioned to deliver on our updated cash flow targets for the year. And now at a time when many other technology companies are cutting costs, we're capitalizing on the strength of our business model and outlook by increasing investments selectively in long-term growth opportunities. So with that, I'll turn the call over to the operator, and we can begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go for to Jason Celino from KeyBanc.
Jason Celino: Thanks guys. Cleaner quarter here. Maybe just my one question. This morning, your French competitor talked about a really strong pipeline for the year for them. I'm curious on what you're seeing from a pipeline, large deal pipeline perspective, for yourself? And if you are, what types of end markets we're seeing strengthen?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Jason, its Kristian. Yes, I think we actually are -- we would agree that we're also seeing a pretty good pipeline for large deals. And I would say that actually is across our major geos and the major verticals that we serve as well. We've seen good interest in FAD for sure, in automotive, industrial, med-device, life sciences or med devices as well, across all those, we continue to see good business momentum and good pipeline generation.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Nay Soe Naing, Berenberg.
Nay Soe Naing: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. Congrats on pretty good quarter. You mentioned a few times that you are winning in your core CAD and PLM markets. I just wanted to -- if you could share, where is it then you're seeing competitive wins? Is it in the call Creo or Windchill? Or is it in your cloud version of the CAD and PLM products? And then related to that, now that you now have the plus version of Windchill and Creo, how do you expect the competitive landscape to change going forward?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Good question. So we believe that we're taking share with both products because both products are growing double digits. I mean, Creo is growing low double digits and Onshape growing at a multiple of that. So I think we're taking share of them in different parts of the market. Creo is a little bit in the upper half of the market. And today, Onshape is typically a little bit in the bottom half of the market.  They're both, for example, competing against SolidWorks but perhaps at different ends of the SolidWorks base. Creo might be taking customers that have kind of outgrown SolidWorks and Onshape's taking customers that, for example, might feel like SolidWorks is too heavy, too expensive, too complicated, requires a system administrator. They just -- they really like the idea of the pure web-based technology. So both products are doing very well. And in order to sustain that level of performance. Keep in mind for Creo, we're talking 22 quarters, 23 quarters now in a row we've had a double-digit growth rate, one of those numbers right now. You can't do that unless there's something good happening. And I mean, part of it is the business model, we're clear on that. But part of it is we're winning a lot of new orders as well.  Now what would the advent of Creo Plus deal. First of all, it's not yet in the market, but we're launching it at LiveWorx in a couple of weeks. That should be helpful. It should be helpful for two reasons. One is it's more compelling, some of the advantages that are present in Onshape will become present in Creo. Some of the same characteristics.  There won't be -- it won't be exactly like Onshape because it's fully Creo plus is fully compatible with Creo, and that's a fixed requirement. But I think some of the real advantages of always being on the latest version and so forth will accrue to Creo as well. And then second all, we will ultimately lift and shift Creo customers to the cloud, and there will be an uplift there as well. So it's only helpful, it's only helpful.
Operator: And your next question comes from Steve Tusa, JPMorgan. Steve.
Steve Tusa: Congrats on the execution on the quarter and looking forward to LiveWorx for sure. So just on this orders commentary. So were orders -- so were orders actually down in the first quarter? I'm still we're still -- I think there are still people trying to kind of pencil that out. You mentioned these ramp orders several times in this presentation, which I'm sure influences the actual number that you're kind of reporting and why it may not line up directly with the change in ARR. And then I guess as you look out and you say they're going to be flat for the year, does that imply they're going to be down at all at any point in the second half for bookings?
Jim Heppelmann: Steve, I mean, we had a very good orders quarter and it wouldn't be fair for us to give the details when it's a good strong quarter when we didn't want to give them when it was a softer quarter last quarter. So I mean I think Kristian took you through the guidance changes. In general, we're tracking well. Renewals have been our friend all year. But as Christian said, in the first half, we have a number that doesn't compare too badly to a first half last year that was a record first half.  So I think it's strong, but it is complicated to understand how much is going into deferred and when does it come back out? And by the way, how much is coming out next quarter and the quarter after that, it just requires a level of disclosure that seems a little bit inappropriate for an earnings call. So that's why we're just trying to back off and give you directional commentary on bookings and churn and much more precise commentary around ARR guidance.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Wong, Oppenheimer.
Ken Wong: Great. I wanted to circle up on the ramp deals I guess how much of that was customer-driven versus maybe you guys are pushing more aggressively with kind of more add-ons, more attach, more cross-selling or just the sales force is maybe pushing in that particular direction. Any color there would be fantastic.
Jim Heppelmann: Well, first thing to know, Ken, is there's nothing but goodness in ramp deals. They make it a little bit more difficult for us to predict ARR though because, for example, if we were to get a very large order, I suppose we could take a smaller one that started all at once and go get another order later to grow it. But yes, in that environment, we'd rather take the larger order now with a ramp because it's got the customer locked in, ramps are irrevocable. It's not something Kristian talked earlier about churn, but just to be clear, you can only turn at the end of a ramp, not during one.  So we like the commitment. And if a customer is willing to make a commitment, we want to take it. But it just makes it a little harder for us to predict. And as Kristian said, in Q4, it's really hard because sometimes a ramp in Q2, the first tranche might start in Q3 or Q4. But in Q4, if it's a ramp, anything that's not in Q4 is in the next fiscal year. So that makes it a little tricky to predict. But in general, ramps are great. And we do reward our sales team for getting them, but we also have a strange incentive that they get a little bit more credit for dollars to come in, in the front part of a ramp than they do for dollars to come in, in the back part of the ramp. But they still get credit for dollars that grow as the ramp goes on. So we want the bigger deals, the bigger commitments. And of course, we want them to start as soon as possible and grow as soon as possible. And that's all a point of negotiation with the customers.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Adam Borg, Stifel.
Adam Borg: Great. Just for Jim on Codebeamer, it's nice to see the continued traction there. Is this more of an upsell motion or is this really tip of spear and maybe just as a quick follow-up on question on the incremental investments in the back half of the year. Just where are you making them in R&D as the sales and marketing? Any color there?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Codebeamer is both an upsell and a tip of the spear. So some amount of the Codebeamer success, we're cross-selling from Windchill because Windchill and Codebeamer sold together like the previous product integrity and Windchill frequently were. So we're cross-selling from a windshield position. But for example, in some of these automotive accounts, we don't have a windchill position. And Codebeamer is a very compelling product, and then we'll leave with it.  And we'll see if we get Codebeamer installed. Can we cross-sell from there? I don't know. We haven't had really enough time with it yet. But certainly, we've penetrated some accounts or Codebeamer where we had no significant windchill position, and that's good news.
Adam Borg: And then on the -- just on the sneaky follow-up question. The second question on the investments. What I would say is it's probably, again, the primary areas are Codebeamer, Windchill Plus and Atlas. And in terms of where it is organizationally, it's probably, I don't know, 75% to 80% R&D, 20% and 25% sales and marketing.
Operator: We will move on to Jay Vleeschhouwer, Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Good afternoon. Jim, you mentioned the PLM-ALM selection at a European auto. Could you speak more broadly about multisolution sales, PLM with SLM, for example, as examples of the implementation of closed loop? And you're probably talking about LiveWorx, but maybe speak about what you're seeing already in that regard.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean I think there's a couple of words that go together here. There's the digital thread idea, which means data created upstream is used multiple times downstream. Then there's the model-based idea, which says, by the way, let's make sure this data is 3D models, not 2D drawing, so model-based digital thread and then closed loop means, let's make sure that things we find in the manufacturing process, for example, using DPM get reflected into changes upstream, either in the product itself or in the manufacturing plan.  And then let's make sure that what we find when the products all the field at the customer site, for example, IoT, smart connected products, that is likewise being funnel back end, ultimately, upstream, maybe into the product, maybe into the manufacturing process, maybe into the service process. But let's have these feedback loops. So I think this concept PTC has of a model-based closed-loop digital thread is very powerful, and I'd say pretty unique. And yes, I'll talk a lot about that at LiveWorx. If I know it will be a kind of theme throughout. So it allows us to cross-sell in a lot of directions. We talked about Codebeamer and Windchill. Well, there's going to be a similar conversation between Windchill and ServiceMax and between ServiceMax and Servigistics and ServiceMax and ThingWorx IoT. So we like this idea of a lot of products that are very compelling could be sold stand-alone as the tip of the spear but then integrated into this digital thread so that they could -- kind of better together. Better together, but you don't have to buy it all. If you want to use ServiceMax with some other PLM system, fine, we know how to make that work. And you have to be that way because it's practical. Customers don't throw out all their technology and switch like stock and barrel.  They look at what they have and they want to systematically over time, upgrade it. And so we get in there, we might win with Windchill and then we might win with Codebeamer, and then we might introduce ServiceMax, and that's kind of how we've built our whole growth story over the last decade is by really perfecting these cross-sell motions.
Operator: And everyone, at this time, that does conclude our question-and-answer session. We ask that you please you remain on the line for any additional remarks as I hand the conference back to Mr. Jin Heppelmann
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. Well, great. Thank you, Lisa. And for anybody who has more questions that maybe we didn't have time to get to, please come to LiveWorx, you're going to get lots and lots and lots of information. You're going to get a firehose -- promise. So the real day we have set up for investors is May 16. You're welcome to stay longer, if you want, but that's where we had this sort of investor track that was on the slide.  Otherwise, if you can't come to LiveWorx, there will be a couple of other opportunities to catch us. I know that Kristian, myself and Mike DiTullio, are going to the JPMorgan conference in Boston on May 22. We're hosting a Bank of America roadshow here at PTC on June 5. And then Christian, our Chief Product Officer, Kevin Ren, are participating in the Stifel conference in Boston on June 6. So lots of opportunities to engage us with more questions and get more information across all those different events I spoke of. So thanks for your time today. Really appreciate it, and look forward to talking to you during the course of the quarter or in 90 days as the case may be.
Operator: Once again, everyone, that does conclude today's conference. We would like to thank you all for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-02-01 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the PTC 2023 First Quarter Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be open for questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Shimao, PTC's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matt Shimao: Good afternoon. Thank you, Rob and welcome to PTC's first quarter 2023 conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer; and Mike DiTullio, President of our Digital Thread Group. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast and a replay of the call will be available later today at www.ptc.com. During this call, PTC will be making forward-looking statements including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today's date, February 1 2023 and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's Chief Executive Officer, Jim Heppelmann.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks, Matt. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. Turning to slide 4. I'm pleased to report that despite seeing some incremental macro softness, PTC delivered a solid first quarter to kick off fiscal 2023. On the top-line metric of ARR we came in at $1.603 billion, which was above the high end of our range and up more than 15% year-over-year. The strength was broad-based across all product groups and geographies. Sorry about that, a little interference. The strength was broad-based across all product groups and geographies. Organic ARR growth was 14% with Codebeamer then contributing that extra point of inorganic growth. The strong Q1 ARR results put the company in a position to narrow our original 10% to 14% full year ARR guidance to 11% to 14% as we feel that the 10% outcome has become increasingly implausible with a solid Q1 behind us. Switching to our bottom-line metric of free cash flow we delivered $172 million ahead of our guidance and up 28% year-over-year. We raised our free cash flow guidance for the full year by $15 million. Currency had little impact to free cash flow in Q1, but it is expected to be incrementally helpful as the year progresses. On the subject of currency, I'll remind you that Kristian will cover the ongoing effects of foreign exchange fluctuations later in the call. So to simplify things I'll focus my discussion on constant currency results when discussing top-line metrics. Turning to slide 5. Shortly after our first quarter close we completed the acquisition of ServiceMax. ServiceMax is not included in the Q1 results we reported though we did incur some acquisition-related costs that we're a headwind to our nevertheless strong free cash flow results in Q1. With the deal now closed ServiceMax will be included in our guidance going forward. To recap the highlights of this business as now part of PTC, ServiceMax is used to manage the service processes for high-value long life cycle products. Think of products like an MRI machine in a hospital, a machine tool in a factory or pumping equipment at a refinery. This has always been a sweet spot for PTC and we have many customers matching this profile. Referring to the infinity diagram on slide 5, many of you know that PTC's logo represents the interplay of physical and digital and that logo provides a good way to explain the fit with ServiceMax. The digital part of our logo refers to when products are under development. At this point, they exist in a purely digital form which is authored in Creo and managed in Windchill. Being purely digital at this stage products are easy to change and highly configurable. Each time our customers get an order their factories take a configuration of the digital product data that matches the order and use it as the recipe to produce the physical product, which is then delivered to the end customer. That's where the physical part of our logo fits in. Physical products are very different. If you want to change them for example, you need to dispatch a truck to the customer site carrying a technician and spare parts. Spare parts are managed in our Servigistics software. The technician will need access to similar types of digital product information, as what the factory used when creating the product. This service information is created using Arbortext and Vuforia. High-value products are operated by the customer for years or even decades. These products require regular service to keep them up and running, and this service is typically provided by the manufacturer, who views the recurring service contracts and spare part sales as a highly desirable source of revenue and profit. ServiceMax helps the manufacturer manage their entire installed base of physical product instances and orchestrates all the necessary service activities. By monitoring the installed base of products, ThingWorx adds a lot of value to ServiceMax because it allows service to be more proactive and preventative in nature. And sometimes the service can even be done remotely thereby canceling the need for a truck roll. As you can see ServiceMax has great synergy with Creo and Windchill, because on one hand the service process consumes the digital product data created in engineering in the form of parts catalogs and service instructions. And on the other hand, the service process is the primary source of feedback that drives ongoing product improvements through engineering change orders or ECOs. Windchill serves as the system of record for the digital definition of all possible product configurations and ServiceMax serves as the system of record for the actual physical instances of products that exist, each of which may have a slightly different configuration. As the infinity diagram implies, there is a digital thread of product information flowing between these key systems in both directions throughout the product life cycle. Aligning ServiceMax with PTC's various offerings will lubricate this flow of data creating tremendous business value. No competitor has a solution comparable to this. Equally important, as the service system of record, ServiceMax knits together our existing SLM products, allowing PTC to now offer the industry's first truly comprehensive offering for service management optimization. You can think of our new SLM offering as a hub-and-spoke model with ServiceMax as the hub and PTC's various other service solutions as spokes. For example, ThingWorx IoT connects to and monitors the vital signs of installed products to enable preventative remote service. Arbortext dynamically publishes technical service information to match each product configuration in the installed base. Vuforia AR enables this technical service information to be augmented onto each installed product to make service technicians more productive. And Servigistics allows customer service level agreements to be met, while carrying the smallest possible inventory of spare parts. With the acquisition now closed work is underway to enable deeper integration between ServiceMax and these various PTC offering. I'm pleased to announce that Neil Barua the CEO of ServiceMax is joining PTC and will preside over this expanded SLM business that now exceeds $300 million of combined ARR. Neil and team will unveil a broad new SLM vision at our LiveWorx conference in May. And based on the number of inquiries we're getting, I expect it to be one of the highlights of the conference. The strategic fit with ServiceMax is excellent and we're excited about the synergies we can generate by cross-selling from engineering to service and vice versa and also cross-selling between our various SLM offerings within the service domain. The financial fit is excellent too as the transaction is expected to be accretive to PTC's growth rate as well as the PTC's cash flow and this drove part of today's guidance raises. ServiceMax also increases PTC's total addressable market. The ServiceMax business has been growing in the mid-teens which is a few points faster than the market, but we see potential for the business to accelerate to high-teens growth over time as synergistic cross-sell opportunities are realized. Turning to Slide 6. Given the elevated focus on profitability that investors all share in today's market, I want to reiterate the margin expansion program that PTC management has been driving. The organizational realignment we did at the end of fiscal 2021 and the resource rebalancing work we did during fiscal 2022 have created an organizational model for PTC that's both highly efficient and fully sustainable. When we made these changes, we were not addressing a problem per se, but simply pursuing margin expansion opportunities that we had identified. The actions we took proved prescient, as we're now well-positioned for a macro downturn. While many notable tech companies are announcing layoffs to come to terms of bloated cost structures, thanks to our proactive actions, we're entering this period of uncertainty with a very lean cost structure and we do not anticipate any need for layoffs or restructuring. In Q1, non-GAAP operating margin expanded to 36% compared to 35% a year ago. That sounds like progress, but due to ASC 606 noise, it doesn't fully capture the full magnitude of improvements we've made. We prefer to assess our margin progress by focusing on a more meaningful metric we now call operating efficiency. Operating efficiency is the same metric that we previously called cash contribution margin, but we're changing the name of the metric to be more precise that it is an operating metric, not a non-GAAP financial measure. This is a change in name only. The metric is still calculated the same way and still measures how much of our billings we're able to convert to cash flow each year. At the midpoint of our ARR guidance range, based on actions already taken, we continue to expect this operating efficiency to expand by another approximately 450 basis points in fiscal 2023, following the 300 basis point improvement we delivered last year. The significant operating efficiency improvement when layered on top of double-digit ARR growth is what drove the strong Q1 free cash flow result and is what will drive the 38% free cash flow growth we're guiding to for fiscal 2023. Kristian will elaborate further. Turning to slide seven. As you're aware, our FY 2023 ARR guidance range, has from the start, contemplated the possibility of a potential macro downturn. In Q1, we saw further signs of a downturn in the form of incrementally softer bookings. At the same time, we were comforted by strong renewals, which actually improved slightly year-over-year, reinforcing just how sticky our software is. The net impact of these softer bookings and stronger renewals was a slowdown of about 0.5 percentage point from last quarter's 16% ARR growth rate, taking the Q1 ARR growth rate down to about 15.5%. This was obviously less than we had allowed at the high end of our Q1 ARR guidance range, so ARR results landed $3 million above the range. The softness was relatively consistent across various dimensions of the business, suggesting it was macro related, rather than any type of competitive issue. The summary is that, after posting 15.5% growth in Q1, we remain well positioned to perform against our financial targets and indeed, have raised our guidance accordingly. Turning to slide eight. With Q1 behind us, as compared to our original guidance, we're now on track to deliver ARR growth results within a narrower 11% to 14% range in fiscal 2023, with the low end having been raised, because the 10% outcome is less plausible now, given that solid Q1. Keep in mind, the addition of ServiceMax to our portfolio happens here in Q2 and the inclusion of ServiceMax will recalibrate the ARR growth range upward. In a few minutes Kristian will outline a new guidance range, that's essentially 11% to 14% plus 1,100 basis points more from ServiceMax added on top. Across this range of ARR outcomes, we've also raised the original cash flow guidance we provided a quarter ago by $15 million to $575 million, which now represents 38% growth for the full year. The raise is powered in roughly equal parts: by a strong free cash flow result in Q1, the expected $5 million benefit from the ServiceMax acquisition and improving foreign exchange rates. Should exchange rates hold, or further improve, FX could prove incrementally helpful as the year progresses. Kristian will elaborate on the various factors involved here too. Turning to slide nine. Let's look at ARR growth across all geographies. ARR growth in the Americas was 16%. In Europe, ARR growth was 15%, despite the Russia exit in Q2 of last year which still affects the growth rate, given the trailing nature of our ARR metric. ARR growth in APAC was 12%. Across all geographies, the largest ARR growth in terms of magnitude was driven by continued strong demand for Creo CAD and Windchill PLM products. In the Americas, we saw the strongest ARR percentage growth in IoT, Arena, Windchill and Onshape. In Europe and APAC the growth rate was highest for Arena, which has been expanding outside the US. Arbortext and Servigistics both delivered strong growth rates in Europe and APAC. And finally in Europe, Onshape and augmented reality also delivered strong percentage growth. Next let's look at the ARR performance of our product groups on Slide 10. In CAD, which is those products that enable authoring of product data, we delivered 10% ARR growth in Q1 in a market that has been growing approximately 8%. Within this the growth was primarily driven by Creo, supplemented by strong percentage growth in Onshape and Arbortext. In PLM, which includes those products that enable data management and process orchestration for product development, our ARR growth rate in Q1 was 20%, or 18% organic with strong growth across all geographic regions. In PLM, we continue to significantly outperform the market, which has been growing approximately 12%. Half of our Q1 growth was driven by Windchill, but ALM including Codebeamer and Arena, IoT and retail PLM also contributed to great Q1 PLM results by delivering strong percentage growth. I'd like to discuss Windchill+ in the context of a new logo customer on Slide 11. Given the importance of our SaaS transformation program as a growth driver, I'm pleased to see good progress ramping up the new multi-tenant Windchill+ solution. While it's still early across a combination of new logo deals as well as lift-and-shift SaaS conversions, we now have about a dozen Windchill+ customers in production or headed there shortly with dozens more opportunities in the pipeline. As we said at our Investor Day, we expect an S-curve type of ramp over multiple years for our Plus offerings. And thus far we're tracking well to that expectation. To share a customer story, we landed a new logo deal with a well-known motor sports company. That's a great example of an organization that's reaping the benefits of the streamlined PLM implementation experience that Windchill+ offers. This customer has committed to enter a new racing circuit, but faces a tight time line to get prepared. Their team needed a PLM system to be in place quickly, because they're designing a more efficient power unit that needs to be completed and tested in short order. And then as usual there'll be a steady diet of changes and improvements thereafter. With their Windchill+ implementation the motor sports company achieved a production ramp-up time of several months, including integration with their hybrid SaaS ERP system. They got there so quickly by leveraging the out-of-the-box capability of Windchill+ delivered by PTC to the customer as a secure preconfigured service. This customer has no dedicated IT team, so leveraging SaaS applications is important to enable them to keep their internal efforts focused on racing, while improving collaboration across team members in the field and around the globe. As a reminder, Windchill+ is the tip of the iceberg of a bigger Plus strategy, and you'll see us follow with Creo+ and similar premium SaaS offerings in FY 2023 and beyond. We are aiming to launch Creo+ and the bigger Plus strategy at LiveWorx in May. I'd like to share another customer anecdote to help you better understand the immense power of our technology. Turning to Slide 12, I want to tell you about an important project from our customers at the U.S. Department of Energy. I trust you saw the mid-December news that for the first time scientists at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory have produced a nuclear fusion reaction that generated more energy than it consumed. This major scientific breakthrough happened at Lawrence Livermore's National Ignition Facility and may pave the way to a future filled with clean energy. The National Ignition Facility, or NIF is essentially a massive machine of enormous size and complexity. The NIF is a precision-engineered system of systems that generates and then directs 192 powerful laser beams onto a pencil eraser-sized area that heats to millions of degrees to ignite the nuclear fusion reaction. The sports stadium-sized NIF machine is all modeled in Creo and Windchill, everything they say except the walls and the bathrooms. With 3.5 million components, we believe the NIF is the largest Creo and Windchill assembly ever made and very likely, the largest assembly ever modeled in 3D CAD, which is a real testament to the power of our technology. During our regular collaborations with DOE teams over many years now, PTC product teams have been challenged to further develop our products to enable such highly advanced projects in what has proven to be a mutually beneficial relationship. While substantially more work lies ahead in the effort to harness the potential of fusion energy as demonstrated by the NIF, we're very proud of the role that our technology has played in enabling this early breakthrough. And the announcement was exciting for many PTC employees who have been involved including me. PTC may very well-prove to play a key enabling role in the ultimate ESG breakthrough. Summarizing then on slide 13. While in Q1, we saw incremental signs of a macro slowdown there's a lot going our way right now. First, PTC has established itself as the clear category leader in PLM, which has become a must-have technology backbone for digital transformation at industrial companies. We just posted another quarter of 18% organic PLM growth well-ahead of market peers. We are conquering the PLM market. The addition of ServiceMax further extends what was already a unique portfolio of interconnected digital thread capabilities across the full product life cycle and ServiceMax is expected to be a tailwind to ARR and free cash flow right from the start. Both Codebeamer and ServiceMax will provide a big boost to our PLM conquest efforts. Second, while the company growth is at a double-digit level already, we're in the early days but executing well against a major on-premise to SaaS transformation that should provide a multiyear growth tailwind. Third, we have a reputation for driving margin expansion that goes back more than a decade and the proactive changes we've already made are driving high levels of free cash flow growth again this year. Fourth, we're demonstrating that our business model is very resilient. Top line growth and bottom line profitability are at levels that are amongst the best in our industry peer group. Not many peer companies are projecting the double-digit organic top line and 38% bottom line growth that PTC is guiding to this year. And finally, we're led by a team that has deep expertise and proven ability to drive growth and margin expansion. We're happy to welcome Neil Barua to the PTC executive ranks because Neil and the entire ServiceMax team share the same depth and passion for the business that's so important here in the PTC culture. With so many positive trends going our way, I continue to believe PTC has a tremendous opportunity to create shareholder value even in the face of a macro downturn we've all been expecting. With that, I'll turn it over to Kristian for his more detailed commentary on financial results and guidance.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I review our results I'd like to note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance and ARR references will be in both constant currency and as reported. Turning to slide 15. In Q1 2023 our constant currency ARR was $1.6 billion, up 15% year-over-year and exceeded guidance. On an organic constant currency basis excluding Codebeamer, our ARR was $1.59 billion, up 14% year-over-year. As Jim explained our top line strength in Q1 was broad-based. We're executing well against our strategy and we're continuing to improve upon the strong market position that we have. Our SaaS businesses saw continued solid ARR growth in Q1 as well. On an as-reported basis we delivered 11% ARR growth, 10% organic due to the impact of FX headwinds. Currency fluctuations were positive in Q1 of 2023 and our as reported ARR was $60 million higher than our constant currency ARR. However, on a year-over-year basis currency fluctuations were still a meaningful headwind. Moving on to cash flow. Our results were strong with Q1 coming in ahead of our guidance across all metrics. While it was great to see favorable FX movements during Q1, there was no impact to free cash flow from FX. Our free cash flow performance in Q1 was driven by strong execution based on a foundation of solid collections and cost discipline. Our cash from operations also came in ahead of guidance by $11 million, due to a combination of free cash flow outperformance and the timing of capital expenditures which were $9 million in Q1, compared to our guidance of $5 million. When assessing and forecasting our cash flow, it's important to remember a few things. The majority of our collections occur in the first half of our fiscal year. Q4 is our lowest cash flow generation quarter. And on an annual basis, free cash flow is primarily a function of ARR, rather than revenue. Q1 revenue of $466 million increased 2% year-over-year and was up 9% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. In Q1 recurring revenue grew by $12 million, perpetual license revenue grew by $5 million and professional services revenue declined by $9 million year-over-year. The decline in professional services revenue is consistent with our strategy to transition some of our professional services talent and revenue to DxP our partner for Windchill+ lift-and-shift projects. As we've discussed previously, revenue is impacted by ASC 606, so we do not believe that revenue is the best indicator of our underlying business performance, but we'd rather guide you to ARR as the best metric to understand our top line performance and cash generation. Before I move on to the balance sheet, I'd like to provide some color on our non-GAAP operating margin, as I did last quarter. Compared to, Q1 2022 our non-GAAP operating margin expanded by approximately 100 basis points to 36% in Q1 of 2023. We continue to caution that because revenue is impacted by ASC 606 other derivative metrics such as gross margin, operating margin, operating profit and EPS are all impacted as well. Still, it's worth mentioning, that we're benefiting from the work that we've done to optimize our cost structure in fiscal 2022. On a year-over-year basis in Q1, we continue to grow our top line at a faster rate than our spending and delivered significantly higher ARR and free cash flow. Moving to slide 16, we ended the first quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $388 million. Our gross debt was $1.36 billion with an aggregate interest rate of 4.3%. Looking forward, in Q2, in conjunction with the ServiceMax acquisition, we took out a $500 million term loan and increased the size of our revolving credit facility from $1 billion to $1.25 billion. The net of new borrowings and debt pay down in Q2, should leave us with $1 billion in high-yield notes, the $500 million term loan and approximately $450 million drawn on the revolver at the end of the quarter. As a reminder, we also have a second payment for the ServiceMax transaction, due in October 2023 of $650 million. We intend to fund this with cash on hand and our revolving credit facility. This deferred payment is included in debt on our balance sheet and is factored into our debt-to-EBITDA ratio. We expect our debt-to-EBITDA ratio to be approximately 3.4 times, at the end of Q2. We should be around three times levered by Q4 and below three times throughout fiscal 2024 and into fiscal 2025, as we continue to pay down debt. To help you with your models, in fiscal 2023 as it relates to cash flow, we expect total cash interest payments of approximately $85 million. And as it relates to the P&L, we expect interest expense of approximately $125 million. Given the interest rate environment, we expect to prioritize paying down our debt in fiscal 2023 and 2024. We'll pause, our share repurchase program. And in fiscal 2023, we expect our diluted share count to increase by a little under, one million shares. We expect to have substantially reduced our debt by the end of fiscal 2024 and we'll then revisit the prioritization of debt paydown and share repurchases. Despite this interruption, our long-term goal assuming our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is below three times, remains to return approximately 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders via share repurchases, while also taking into consideration the interest rate environment and strategic opportunities. Next slide 17 shows our ARR by product group. In the constant currency section on the top half of the slide, we used FX rates as of September 30, 2022 to calculate ARR for all periods. You can see on the slide, how currency dynamics have resulted in differences between our constant currency ARR and as-reported ARR over the past five quarters. Exchange rates continued to move materially in Q1 2023 causing a difference between constant currency ARR results and our as-reported ARR results. Based on the exchange rates, at the end of Q1 2023, our as-reported ARR in Q2 of 2023 would be higher by approximately $62 million compared to the midpoint of our constant currency guidance and fiscal 2023 as-reported ARR would be higher by approximately $67 million compared to our constant currency guidance midpoint. We report both actual and constant currency results and FX fluctuations can obviously have a material impact on actuals. But remember that, we provide ARR guidance on a constant currency basis. If exchange rates fluctuate significantly between the end of Q1 and in the end of Q2 2023 the impact to our as-reported ARR would also change. We believe constant currency is the best way to evaluate the top line performance of our business, because it removes currency fluctuations from the analysis, positive or negative. Given the sharp moves that, we've seen recently, I thought it would be useful to provide an updated ARR sensitivity rule of thumb on slide 18. In addition to the US dollar, we transact in euro, yen and more than 10 other additional currencies. Using currency rates at the end of Q1, the impact of a $0.10 change in the euro-to-USD rate would be $39 million positive or negative, and the impact of a ¥10 change in the USD-to-yen rate would be $9 million again positive or negative. And of course, the estimated dollar impact to ARR is dependent on the size of the ARR base. With that, I'll take you through our guidance on slide 19. For our ARR guidance amounts, we're using FX rates as of September 30, 2022. The previous guidance shown on this slide is from our November 2022 Investor Day presentation, and includes ServiceMax. For fiscal 2023, we expect constant currency ARR growth of 22% to 25%, which corresponds to a fiscal 2023 constant currency ARR guidance range of $1.91 billion to $1.96 billion. This narrowed range is based on two primary factors. First, we took up the bottom end of the 10% to 14% guidance range we provided on our Q4 earnings call, which excluded ServiceMax. While we saw some incremental macro-driven booking softness in our first quarter, this was partially offset by better-than-planned churn and our guidance contemplated the potential for a much bigger impact than what we saw, and we actually finished $3 million above the high end of our Q1 2023 ARR guidance range. So based on our strong Q1 results and forecast for the year, while still being mindful of the macro environment, we feel comfortable taking up the lower end of the range, which still allows for continued softening due to the macro environment. Secondly, the other update to guidance is adding approximately $170 million for ServiceMax compared to our Investor Day assumption, which was for approximately $175 million. There's a few reasons we're doing this, which include. First, ServiceMax' fiscal quarters ended one month later than ours. As we all know, the final month of a quarter in a software company is really when the magic happens. So, while I think that ultimately their results will align with PTC's quarter-end hockey stick, I also think it's prudent to assume it may take a few quarters to align selling and customer buying behavior. Second, as you know Salesforce.com is a go-to-market partner with ServiceMax for its Asset 360 product. Salesforce just announced a fairly sizable reduction in force. And while we do not know if or how this may impact ServiceMax business in the coming months, we feel it's a valid concern which we want to account for in our guidance. And third, frankly, the uncertainty of the macro environment applies to ServiceMax as well. So, it's primarily for these three reasons that we're derisking the ServiceMax guidance for fiscal 2023 and adding $170 million to our now updated 11% to 14% guidance range. With a strong Q1 behind us and given our pipeline and forecast and how we've set our guidance ranges, we believe we're well-positioned to achieve our fiscal 2023 ARR guidance. Note that we expect modestly more deferred ARR to become ARR in fiscal 2023 than in fiscal 2022. And our churn in Q1 was lower than planned. In dollar terms, churn was actually lower in Q1 2023 than it was in Q1 2022 and that's against a bigger base of ARR. For Q2, we're guiding constant currency ARR to be in the range of $1.79 billion to $1.81 billion. At the midpoint, this equates to 25% constant currency growth. I'll discuss our Q2 guidance in more detail on the next slide. On cash flows for fiscal 2023, we raised our guidance. We now expect cash from operations of approximately $595 million, up 37%; and free cash flow of approximately $575 million up approximately 38%. Compared to the guidance we provided a quarter ago, our updated $575 million target for free cash flow factors in our strong execution and results in Q1, $5 million from the ServiceMax acquisition which we already communicated at our Investor Day, as well as an increase from FX tailwinds for the remainder of the year. Assuming we hit our Q2 free cash flow target, we'll be at approximately 65% of our full year target similar in the past two years. Our CapEx assumption for fiscal 2023 is $20 million. Therefore relative to our free cash flow guidance of $575 million, we're guiding to cash from operations of $595 million. For Q2, we're guiding to free cash flow of approximately $200 million. We expect approximately $5 million of CapEx in Q2 and therefore, our cash from operations guidance is approximately $205 million. As you model the quarters of fiscal 2023, keep in mind, we expect the quarterly distribution of full year cash flow results to follow a similar pattern as in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 with over 60% of cash flow in the first half of the year and Q4 being our lowest cash flow generation quarter. Moving on to revenue guidance, we raised -- which we raised from our November 2nd guidance, primarily because of ServiceMax and currency. For fiscal 2023, we expect revenue of $2.07 billion to $2.15 billion which corresponds to a growth rate of 7% to 11%. ASC 606 makes revenue fairly difficult to predict in the short-term for on-premise subscription companies, hence the wide range. More importantly, revenue does not influence ARR or cash generation as we typically bill customers annually upfront regardless of term lengths. Turning to slide 20. Here is an illustrative constant currency ARR model for Q2 2023. You can see our results over the past nine quarters and in the far-right column, we've modeled the midpoint of our Q2 constant currency ARR guidance range. Because our ARR tends to see some seasonality, the most relevant compare is Q2 of 2022. The illustrative model indicates, that to hit the midpoint of our Q2 2023 guidance range of $1.8 billion, we need ServiceMax ARR of approximately $160 million, which is what we said at Investor Day and believe is a reasonable target. On top of the ServiceMax contribution, we need to add $37 million of organic ARR on a sequential basis. This is $19 million less than the $56 million we added in Q2 of fiscal 2022. In percentage terms, we need 2% organic sequential ARR growth to hit our guidance midpoint for Q2, which is at the lower end of what we've delivered over the past nine quarters. All things considered, we believe we've set our Q2 2023 constant currency ARR guidance range prudently.  Turning to Slide 22. I'll conclude my prepared remarks today by highlighting, that we're prepared for a storm and expect to be resilient in the face of one. From a top line perspective, we serve industrial product companies. And R&D, at those companies tends to be quite resilient, so we have a supportive top line backdrop. We also have a subscription business model and our products are very sticky with our customers. Just as importantly from a cost perspective, we've already battened down the hatches. In addition, to the cost optimization work we did last year, we've already slowed planned hires and backfills as we head into Q2. Nevertheless, as we've said in the past, we don't have a Pollyanna-type view when it comes to the macro situation. We have a strong track record of disciplined operational management. And if the macro situation gets meaningfully worse, you can expect us to moderate our spending further, to better align spending with market realities and mitigate the impact on our fiscal 2023 cash flow results. For example, variable compensation would automatically adjust. And depending on the magnitude of the downturn, we would also be incrementally more cautious on hiring and marketing spend travel, et cetera. On the other hand, if the macro situation improves and/or if the dollar weakness continues, this would be favorable for our cash generation. And in that scenario, we would have the optionality to invest more aggressively in our business. There's no question that the macro environment is hard to predict. Nevertheless, we've contemplated one strong quarter of fiscal 2023 -- completed one strong quarter of fiscal 2023 and are positioned to continue producing attractive financial results, based on our strong product and market position coupled with solid execution and prudent financial management. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Matt Hedberg: Great, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the strong results guys. Jim, you guys are pushing the envelope for SaaS beyond many peers that we talk to which is obviously, great. I guess a two-point question, do you think that's resulted in sort of a larger pipeline coverage ratio than maybe a year ago? And with your Plus strategy, do you think the opportunity for PLM and CAD replacements could accelerate as well?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Well, let's say, certainly the Plus strategy and SaaS here at PTC is helpful to the pipeline, because first of all when deals come in at SaaS, they come in twice the size as they would have been had they've been on-premise, so right away you have a factor there. But I'd also say, the interest level is quite high. I mean, I think if you come to LiveWorx, you're going to see lots of customers are going to come, just to learn about SaaS because they're interested. We're at that phase where everybody is interested. Some people will bite sooner than others, but everybody wants to hear about it, start thinking about it and understand how it plays into their future. Then on the competitive replacement opportunity, I do think that some of our competitors are laggards with SaaS or they're doing SaaS in a pretty hokey way. For example, we have a French competitor, who is trying to become a hyperscaler. And when you place an order with them they turn around by hardware to host it on. And between you and me I don't really think that's the right strategy. And I think a lot of companies are going to say, "I don't actually want to buy into a strategy like that because the day it all collapses I'm a little bit out in the cold." So I do think that people are going to say, "We need to go to SaaS. If my vendor doesn't have a good story, I should shop around." And at PTC, we have mature proven products like Creo and Windchill, that will be available in an honest-to-god true SaaS form not unlike for example Microsoft Office 365. And then on the other hand, if you want to go full bore, clean slate, right from the start pure SaaS, well we have Onshape and Arena, which are the SaaS-est products in our entire industry. So I do think we're going to get some amount of people moving to SaaS and switching vendors at the same time. And as you said, we're way out there ahead of people with a pretty serious well-thought-out strategy.
Matt Hedberg: Thanks, Jim. Congrats.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Broome from Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
Matt Broome: Thanks very much. Hi, Jim and Kristian.
Jim Heppelmann: Hi, Matt.
Matt Broome: I guess firstly just how is ThingWorx growth during the quarter? Has it been impacted at all by the reallocation of resources there?
Jim Heppelmann: ThingWorx growth was pretty steady. No doubt that reallocation of resources isn't actually helpful to just standalone ThingWorx growth, but I think it's actually been quite helpful to PTC growth and very, very helpful to PTC cash flow, because instead of hiring new resources that would consume cash flow, we moved resources around and let that fall to the bottom line. So I think probably not helpful to ThingWorx, although ThingWorx is clipping along at a decent growth rate but very helpful to PTC altogether kind of neutral to growth altogether very helpful to cash flow.
Matt Broome: Okay. Great. And if I could just also ask channel continues to lag direct AR growth on a constant currency basis, can you talk about why growth is a little bit slower in the channel I guess with your partners? And what might be done to sort of bring that more into line with your direct business?
Jim Heppelmann: Well, I think they simply are more impacted by the macro situation. When the economy was strong our channel was growing faster than direct. And I think small companies have less room if you will less capacity to weather a downturn, so they're more conservative. So I think in a downturn situation, small and medium businesses, which is what our channel cover they're the first ones to start getting conservative on spending. And I mean we've seen that. I think for example, a lot of the start-up companies aren't hiring. And if they're not hiring they don't need expansions and so forth. So I would attribute that the channel is relatively more macro sensitive than the direct sales force. Now on the rebound it goes the other way of course.
Matt Broome: Right. Makes sense. Okay. Thanks, again and congrats on the results.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tyler Radke from Citi. Your line is open.
Jim Heppelmann: Hey, Tyler.
Tyler Radke: Hey, hey, good evening, Jim. Good evening, Kristian. So a question just on the bookings commentary. So I think last quarter your base case was for flattish year-over-year bookings for the full year to kind of get to that 12% ARR growth obviously, pre-ServiceMax. When you say you saw bookings weaken, did bookings go negative during the quarter? And where is kind of your underlying assumption for the full year on bookings?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, Tyler, so we thought a lot about how to describe this. And what we really owe you is transparency to how bookings and macro affect ARR because ARR is the key metric. And we're in this funny situation, where what happened in the quarter didn't align to any of our scenarios because bookings was a little softer and churn frankly was shockingly good. So what we decided is if we really want to tell you what exactly happened to bookings we're going to tell you exactly what happened to churn and we probably ought to tell you what happened to deferred and then maybe we ought to get into year-over-year comps because as you know bookings is where the volatility is. So we decided, we'll disclose it, we'll quantify it, as 0.5 percentage point of slowdown. So 0.5 percentage point you can do the math it's about $8 million on $1.603 billion. So we had $8 million less in bookings than what it took to maintain a 16% growth rate, but $3 million more in bookings than what it took to hit the high end of the guidance range we gave you. So, I think if you look at it that way, in the year now we've lost $8 million and that will show up four quarters. And it won't compound but the $8 million will show up in the next four quarters. I think as we look forward the pipeline looks pretty decent. The forecast looks good. The real question will be, post rates, does the business come in or not. And that's sort of an unknown. But to us, Q1 while it was a little bit softer than the previous two quarters, actually it was not a bad quarter.
Tyler Radke: That's super clear. Thank you. And just a follow-up, so going back to one of the questions on the competition, maybe broader than just what you're seeing as it relates to SaaS. Can you just talk about maybe the strength you're seeing in PLM more broadly? And obviously the growth rates you're posting on an organic basis are kind of above market. Who do you see you're taking share from and anything from a product perspective you'd highlight?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean nothing changed materially in the quarter. But to kind of remind you, just in general what's happening. SAP has given up share, Oracle has given up share. In our view, Dassault has given up quite a bit of share, because we passed them in the last year and we're opening up quite a gap now. And we think Siemens has given up some share. Siemens has been posting actually negative numbers in terms of PLM growth of late, and it will be interesting to see at the next earnings report. I encourage you all to dig in and try to parse it apart, because I think Siemens is losing a lot of momentum. They have some structural changes happening, so it's a little hard to kind of tease it all out and they don't provide much disclosure. But I think you’re going to see -- Siemens would be our toughest competitor and you're going to see us post growth rates approaching 20% and it wouldn't surprise me if theirs has a negative number on the front of it when they report this quarter.
Tyler Radke: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jim Heppelmann: Hi, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Sorry, I'm kind of new to covering you guys and so the math maybe is a little bit tricky. But like you said last quarter that I think it was a low-single-digit constant currency bookings growth year-over-year. I'm kind of having trouble putting what you just said kind of altogether. What does that actually mean on a year-over-year constant currency bookings growth rate for this quarter?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Steve, I mean we don't disclose. We don't report bookings. We don't guide bookings. We provide color. And because, again, the scenario was a little strange compared to the guidance scenarios, softer on bookings, stronger on free cash flow to avoid having to disclose a lot more detail, we netted it out and netted it out as better than guidance but a slowdown of about $8 million for the year 0.5 percentage point.
Steve Tusa: Yes. Okay, got it. That's helpful. And then just lastly on free cash flow, pretty strong even seasonally even how you talk about it with a decent amount coming here in the first half of the year assuming you hit the $200 million. Receivables were a big positive at least on a GAAP basis. Anything else moving around in working capital that kind of overdrove at all or is this kind of bang in line with what you guys were expecting?
Kristian Talvitie: In general, I think it was largely in line with what we were expecting Steve. I mean again solid collections performance.
Steve Tusa: Yeah. Okay.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, it’s little bit Steve, like with the ARR situation where our guidance contains a little bit of a buffer and we didn't need it.
Steve Tusa: Yes. Congrats on the good result. Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays. Your line is open.
Jim Heppelmann: Hello, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hey, Jim. Hey, Kristian. Thanks for taking my question here. Jim, maybe just -- I'd love to dig one level deeper just into sort of that dichotomy, right, the softer bookings but then also the lower churn. Maybe just on the softer bookings piece, are those deals that are pushing? Are those deals that are still in the pipeline, or are they ones that you think just get pushed indefinitely? And then on the lower churn piece, that is great to hear, particularly with the hiring environment how much is maybe some of the price adjustments that we did last year maybe factoring into that as well?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Well, let me address the churn piece first and I'll circle back to the push or cancellation on bookings. On churn, you remember that we gave you scenarios that had churn getting worse, when we were clear, we have no evidence that that is happening or will happen, it just seems prudent to allow for the possibility. So, we're allowing for a possibility that would require a reversal in trend, but we did not get the reversal in trend. We got actually more of the same improving trend. And I think we were clear that certainly pricing helps, but it doesn't really account for the strength we're seeing. I mean the strength we're seeing is fundamentally just good renewals. And to put it in perspective, Creo and Windchill, represent roughly 70% of our ARR just those two products. And if you took the churn rate for Creo and Windchill in the quarter and you annualized it for the entire year, it would be less than 3% churn on those two massive product bases. So I mean, we're talking about fundamentally strong adoption of our technology, mission-critical technology. You can't switch from it. You can't stop using it. You can't stop paying for it, I mean unless you're winding your business down. So, I think it's just good fundamental sticky software that people are continuing to use. And I think there's not really a lot of layoffs happening in our marketplace right now our customers. A lot of layoffs happening in tech, but I don't think so many engineers in the world of product development for physical products are getting laid off. And then coming back to the push and cancel, I mean, I think it's mostly push. What happens is typically you've got a purchase order and it needs some level of approval. Maybe last quarter, it needed a higher level of approval, another signature maybe somebody sat on that signature because they're saying, couldn't we do this next quarter? Couldn't we start this project a little later? So I think it's pushing. There's no competitive dynamics. And generally it's not being canceled, because companies do need this technology. They're just delaying a little bit. The second factor would be expansion, sometimes are driven by hiring. If a company is hiring a lot of engineers, well, now they need to go back and buy more CAD and PLM seats for those engineers. There probably is a slowdown in hiring, which is slowing down expansions, but nothing structural happening. It's just sort of the natural delays the cholesterol if you will that gets in the way of doing deals when people are getting nervous about the economy.
Saket Kalia: Makes a lot of sense. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Jim for you first, over the last couple of years at least to the active bases for both Creo and Windchill have seemingly grown at least a mid-single-digit rate, at least by our calculation, which corresponds to the share gain for each we've been able to document. How are you thinking about the active base growth from here for both those products? And perhaps more broadly, since we've gone through so many evolutions of both those markets over the last many years, what from here do you think are the critical functionalities within CAD and PLM to continue or sustain the growth in those businesses, maybe GD or something else that you care to mention? And then secondly, maybe for Kristian you've done well in terms of product releases, adhering to the road map, but you do have the smallest R&D budget in your peer group. So, how are you thinking about orchestrating or managing R&D productivity from here to keep executing on that road map in the context of containing your expenses?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Okay. You've got a couple of different questions for me there. Let me say, the wildcard Jay is what happens with the economy. There's nothing again structurally happening that would cause our share gain or our seat growth to differ from the trend as it has been other than just a macro slowdown. And in the past, like in 2020, when there was a macro slowdown then we had an acceleration on the back end of it. We had a tough quarter, I think it was Q3 right Kristian, yes, Q3 of 2020 and a monster quarter in Q4 and it was like a snapback to where we work. So, even if there's a slowdown, we might get that effect, but that's the wildcard. Otherwise nothing in the industry is happening that would in my view change the trend. In terms of some of the critical functionality, yes, generative design is important. The ANSYS simulation is important. But the thing I think is really carrying the day is this concept that our guys call model-based enterprise. And what that really means is, companies are trying to make 2D drawings go away. In the world of engineering, there has been forever a really messed up process, where engineers create 3D models to really conceptualize the parts and how they fit together and to simulate them with technologies like ANSYS and everything is done in 3D. And then the very last step is, they convert that all to 2D drawings. They dumb it down and leave a lot of information behind and the drawings get sent out to the supply chain and to the factory and everything else. And then, for example, at suppliers they get these drawings and they turn around and remodel them in 3D. And the factory gets the data and they might have to remodel, so they can generate tool paths off it and whatnot. So the industry has said for a long time, we shouldn't need drawings, but we need to figure out how to get different processes that aren't so dependent on them, because all the procurement processes, the supplier collaboration processes are based on drawings and red lines and so forth. So what's happening now is many, many companies are saying, okay, this is it. That drawing process has to go now. What we have to do is model it in 3D. It has to be 3D -- annotated 3D models go out to suppliers, annotated 3D models go down in the manufacturing process, annotated 3D models end up in the service process, there's not going to be any more drawings. Now that requires a lot more adoption of CAD, because suddenly now a lot more people need a CAD suite rather than an Acrobat viewer, PDF suite, if you will. We're not just talking about viewing a PDF file; we're now talking about interacting directly with the 3D data. So I think that's a driver for the whole industry, but I certainly can tell you here at PTC, it's a driver. Many more suites of CAD software are sold when a company decides to move away from drawings. And on their side, they can shut a whole department down. And it's a department that not only leaks value, it actually actively destroys it by dumbing data down that then has to be smartened back up by somebody else downstream. So I think that's a big factor this model-based enterprise stuff. That's the whole capability around annotated 3D models and whatnot and viewing technologies and markup and collaboration. But certainly, generative design and simulation, 3D printing, additive manufacturing, those are all quite interesting as well. Now, finally, on your last question about the smallest R&D budget. I'm an R&D guy, so I'm not going to lose and we have not been losing the product battle. We've actually been winning the product battle. And I think what it is, is just, R&D is not about body count, it's about strategy, it's about project selection, it's about execution. Some of our larger competitors spend a lot of time and energy developing nonsensical products; products that don't work; don't make any sense. Autodesk was famous for that for many years. But some of our French and German competitors, French in particular, they've developed a lot of 3D experience, blah, blah, blah, that these are products that actually mean anything to anybody, but there's engineers working on them. So, I think, at PTC, we're just much more serious, much more focused. We prioritize what we do. We execute it well. We don't get in too many rework loops. We're just very efficient. And I think that's the winning recipe. Throwing bodies at R&D is not a winning strategy. Executing a good strategy efficiently is what it takes to win and we're doing fine in the product front. You know this. Our products are very strong and, if anything, getting stronger despite the fact that we spend less in R&D. And then, finally, one last comment. It's not like we don't spend much on R&D. Creo has 500 engineers working on it. Windchill has 500 engineers working on it. If you have 1000 engineers on it you just have more people tripping all over each other. So I think also I don't want you to think we don't spend much. We're not quite as extravagant as other people, but we're executing very, very well within what is a substantial spend envelope.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you very much, Jim.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Borg from Stifel. Your line is open.
Adam Borg: Awesome. Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe just two quick ones. Just first, Jim, just on the incremental softness you noted on the macro, it doesn't sound like things gotten any softer in the month of January. And of course, January is a smaller month to begin with, but just any commentary there on how demand trends have started so far in the month of January. And maybe just as a follow-up on ServiceMax, obviously it seems really compelling, just curious now that the acquisition closed, how early customer feedback is from both customers and prospects? Thanks so much.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. So on the first question, how's Q2 looking, at the start of the quarter here, we're more or less still at the start of the quarter because if you look at our quarter, a majority of our business is done in the third month of the quarter. So it's very difficult in the first month to really understand how things are trending. I mean we're starting the quarter with a decent pipeline. We're starting the quarter with a decent forecast. The real question will be in the last week or two of the quarter, are we able to close these deals or do they slide. If they slide, bookings will be soft again. If they close, actually we'll have a pretty stellar bookings quarter based on how things are forecasted at the moment or maybe we'll end up somewhere in between. What was the second question? Sorry, I didn't write it down.
Adam Borg: No worries, just on ServiceMax.
Jim Heppelmann: ServiceMax, yes. So ServiceMax, I mean you see I'm very excited about it. You can probably sense that through the call here. That's because customers are very excited about it. I mean, we had a thesis of what this was going to mean. We've gotten into it. We found how many customers had independently purchased software from both of us, but also how many customers ServiceMax has that looked like PTC customers and how many customers PTC have that look like they should be ServiceMax customers. And a lot of common customers immediately contacted me, immediately contacted Neil and said "Hey can we get together? Can you fly out and see us? Can we come visit you? We want to hear this story." To be honest, we're pushing back a little bit on them saying "Could you just give us a little bit of time to figure out the details?" So we're really targeting that for LiveWorx. I mean obviously, we'll talk to a lot of customers before LiveWorx, but that will be kind of the grand unveiling of that sort of infinity concept that I had on that slide. And I think it will be very exciting. I think there'll be many, many excited customers.
Matt Shimao: Rob, we have time for one final question today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Celino from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jason Celino: Hey, Jim, hey, Kristian. Thanks for fitting me in. Maybe just a quick one. We've been hearing different customers and organizations trying to use PLM more within their organizations. When we think about the expansion, is it expanding to different departments and teams, or is it product development, just becoming a more critical role within an organization? I guess, how would you kind of quantify this secular dynamic?
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. I think maybe a couple of thoughts. One thing I said Jason is that PLM is moving from a nice-to-have to a must-have, and for example, this concept I was talking about earlier model-based enterprise where you're going to interact with 3D models. And 3D models are too big to e-mail around. By the way, when you're interacting with a 3D design, it's not one file, it can be dozens, hundreds or thousands of files and you need a system to find them all and fit them together and present it to you so that you can understand what's going on. So, I think what's happening this is all forms of digital transformation is that companies are saying, we're going to get rid of paper drawings and PDF files. We're going to go to 3D. Therefore everybody in the company who interacts with product data is going to need a PLM seat and they're going to need some type of a 3D seat. It might be a Viewer, it might be CAD, whatever. But it's driving proliferation of PLM out from the engineering department, where it's always been into purchasing into manufacturing now into the service technicians. We pretty quickly envision service technicians out in the field on their phone interacting with 3D models when they're standing in front of a piece of equipment if not augmenting it right onto the piece of equipment. So, I think that's what's happening is it's becoming a true enterprise system versus a departmental system, while at the same time it's becoming a must-have rather than a nice-to-have. I think it's those trends that are really driving this proliferation of PLM, which frankly is good for the whole industry, but I think PTC is taking share in the industry at the same time.
Jason Celino: Okay. Great. I guess we'll look forward to more at LiveWorx. Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Great. Okay. So, let me just wrap up here. Thank you all for spending time with us. In the next quarter, we have quite a busy investor schedule. So, I just want to share with you some of the things happening in case you want to participate. So, Kristian and I together are going tomorrow and Friday, we’re going to -- tomorrow at dinner and Friday in the morning we're going to participate in an RBC roadshow in New York. Then on February 27th, we're hosting a headquarters visit that JPMorgan is conducting here in Boston. On March 8th, we're both going to the Morgan Stanley TMT Conference in San Francisco. Meanwhile on my own behalf, I'm going to the Wolfe Conference in New York on February 28th. Kristian additionally is going to the Baird Conference in Utah on March 2nd; to the JPMorgan Global High Yield Conference in Miami on March 6th. And Kristian's going on a Barclays Virtual Bus Tour or probably hosting a Barclays Virtual Bus Tour on March 15th. And then one of our executives Kevin Wrenn, who's our Chief Product Officer is doing the Loop Virtual Conference on March 13th. So, lots of IR touch points here in the coming quarter. Hope to see many of you in the course of one or more of those events. And if not hope to catch you again in about 90 days on our Q2 earnings call. So, thanks again and have a good evening everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-11-02 17:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Jim Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer Kristian Talvitie - Chief Financial Officer Matt Shimao - Head of Investor Relations
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the PTC 2022 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. During today’s presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. I will now like to turn the call over to Matt Shimao, PTC’s Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matt Shimao: Good afternoon. Thank you, Angela, and welcome to PTC’s fourth and fiscal 2022 conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast and a replay of the call will be available later today at www.ptc.com. During this call PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, after results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in today’s press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today’s date, November 2, 2022, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today’s press release made available on our website. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to PTC’s Chief Executive Officer, Jim Heppelmann.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks, Matt. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I’m pleased to report that PTC delivered an outstanding fourth quarter, which capped off a record year in fiscal ‘22.  Our top line metric of ARR and bottom line metric of free cash flow, both came in above the guidance ranges we issued 90 days ago. Execution was strong throughout fiscal ‘22 as full year results align well to the growth and margin expansion strategies we outlined at last December’s Investor Day. Relative to top line and bottom line metrics across both absolute and relative improvement measures, fiscal ‘22 was PTC’s best year in decades.  Before I dive in, I’d like to point out that Kristian will cover the ongoing effects of the strong dollar later during his section of the call. So to simplify things, I’ll focus my discussion on constant currency results where applicable. Turning to slide fourth, ARR and free cash flow results for Q4 were very strong and the strength was broad based across all segments and geographies. A particular note, we saw organic ARR growth continue at the accelerated pace of 15%, driven by strong performance across the board in Digital Thread Core, Digital Thread Growth, FSG and Velocity. Our Codebeamer acquisition had another strong quarter and contributed a point of inorganic ARR growth, taking PTC’s total ARR to $1.71 billion, up 16% year-over-year. Our top line ARR growth was helped by the lowest churn the company has seen in many quarters, even better than last quarter.  Organic churn, excluding the impact from Russia, improved by 193 basis points, well better than the 100 basis points we guided to at the start of the year. Despite churning the entire Russian business, churn was lowest in Europe for both Q4 and the full year. Price increases provide a helpful tailwind to renewals globally, but the underlying gross churn improvement is what is carried today all year long.  Fiscal ‘22 was the fifth consecutive year of double digit ARR growth for PTC. It was also the second consecutive year of 16% ARR growth. But take note that the organic element of that growth mix has accelerated by 300 basis points from 12% in fiscal ‘21 to 15% in fiscal ‘22. Through our guidance, we expect to post a sixth consecutive year of double digit ARR growth in fiscal ’23, even after a considerable allowance for a potential macro slowdown.  Free cash flow in Q4 was $29 million, ahead of our guidance. Free cash flow for fiscal ‘22 was $416 million, above our guidance and up 21% year-over-year despite an approximate $30 million or 700 basis points headwind due to the impact of FX on our operations, including $53 million of payments primarily related to our restructuring from a year ago and fees related to acquisitions, adjusted free cash flow was $468 million.  Next, on slide five. I want to reflect on the margin expansion initiatives we pursued over the past year, including both the restructuring related to our SaaS pivot announced a year ago, and the portfolio resource optimization we discussed on the last call. Both programs have proven very successful, because against the backdrop of a rocky economy we achieved about 3 percentage points of cash contribution margin expansion in fiscal ‘22, while simultaneously accelerating organic ARR growth rate by about 3 percentage points as well. That’s 6 points of expansion against our Rule of 40 type measure in a single year.  We expect the ongoing effect of these profitability initiatives to lead the further cash contribution margin expansion in fiscal ‘23. With the restructuring costs behind us and cash contribution margins expanding on double digit ARR growth, we’re expecting to drive free cash flow up about 35% to the $560 million level in fiscal ‘23. Moving to slide six, despite the scary headlines we continue to read every day, we saw record demand for our offerings in the fourth quarter. While we again experienced some macro related softness in smaller deals, notably in Europe, and some softness in China, these factors were offset by the strength in PLM, SaaS and larger deals.  As we previewed on the last call, organic bookings were up low single digits from a blockbuster Q4 last year, setting new record highs in Q4 and for fiscal ‘22. Q4 bookings were up 30% sequentially from the strong Q3 level, which reflects typical seasonality.  Bookings growth was strong in both the Digital Thread and Velocity units. The recent Codebeamer acquisition continues to perform exceptionally well with Q4 wins at a large German automaker, a large semiconductor company and a large Korean automaker among others. Turning to slide seven, in Q4 we again saw a strong ARR growth across all geographies. ARR growth for the Americas was 17%. In Europe ARR grew 16% despite the Russia exit in Q2, which still affects the growth rate given the trailing nature of our ARR metric. ARR growth in APAC was 13%.  Across all geographies, the largest ARR growth in terms of magnitude was driven by continued strong demand for our Creo CAD and Windchill PLM products within Digital Thread Core. We saw the strongest ARR growth in terms of percentage across all geographies for Velocity with our cloud-native Onshape CAD and Arena PLM products continuing to grow multiple times faster than the market rate.  Next, let’s look at ARR performance of our business units, starting with the Digital Thread on slide eight. In our largest product segment, Digital Thread Core, we delivered another strong double-digit growth performance in Q4 with 14% ARR growth. Within this, CAD again grew low double digits, while PLM accelerated to 19% growth as Windchill continues to be a hot seller. Q4 represents the 20th consecutive quarter of double-digit ARR growth that we’ve seen in the Core CAD and PLM business.  In Digital Thread growth, which is IoT and AR, growth sustained the 19% ARR growth rate and we were just a smidgen short of rounding up to that two handle growth rate goal we were hoping for; close enough in my view.  ThingWorx DPM had a decent quarter, including a nice expansion deal from a customer who first purchased DPM last quarter. FSG posted great results again in Q4, growing 9% organically and 19% inclusive of Codebeamer. Turning to slide nine, on the SaaS transformation front we landed several Windchill+ deals, including our first field lift and shift SaaS conversions with our partner DxP Services. The SaaS transition program is right on track.  Our win at Raymond Corporation illustrates the value proposition of Windchill+. Raymond Corp. is owned by Toyota Industries and they make a wide variety of forklift trucks, pallet jacks and warehousing products. Raymond conducted a study and found that with our Windchill+ SaaS solution, they can drive substantial savings in total cost of ownership, while avoiding the burden of maintaining the software system themselves. Raymond is now enabling their distributed workforce with Windchill+.  A reminder that Windchill+ is the tip of the iceberg of a bigger plus strategy, and you will see us follow with Creo+ and other similar premium SaaS offerings in fiscal ‘23 and beyond. We’re aiming to launch Creo+ and this bigger plus strategy at LiveWorx in May.  Turning to the Velocity business on slide 10. Year-over-year ARR growth for the Velocity unit maintained the accelerated rate of 29% we saw last quarter, with Onshape and Arena again each growing multiple times faster than their respective market. Arena continues to mirror the PLM strength we see with Windchill and the mid-20s growth rate of Arena that we’ve seen throughout fiscal ‘22 is more than 10 percentage points higher than Arena’s pre-acquisition growth rate had been. Both Onshape and Arena have been great acquisitions for PTC.  The strength of these businesses, which are the cloud-native pioneers in our industry, gives us confidence that the future of our market will be SaaS, and the shift to SaaS will create strong growth tailwinds for PTC for years to come. Let’s turn to slide 11 and talk about the future. Given the strength we’ve seen in our business throughout fiscal ‘22 just opposed against the likelihood of a more difficult macro situation that is said to be headed our way, but has not yet arrived in a meaningful way, it’s a real challenge to tell you with precision how our business will perform in fiscal ‘23.  But because of our recurring model, the fact that our software is very sticky and key to the digital transformation efforts than industrial companies around the world are pursuing, we think that the range of likely outcomes is fairly narrow at 10% to 14% ARR growth. Therefore, it’s most likely that we’ll see ARR growth in the double-digit range again in fiscal ‘23. At the high end of our 10% to 14% ARR organic growth guidance for fiscal ‘23, we would be looking at only modest bookings growth and no further improvement in churn, both somewhat disappointing outcomes versus the strength we’ve seen in fiscal ‘22.  At the midpoint of the guidance range, we’re looking at no growth at all in bookings, plus 100 basis points more churn. At the low end of the guidance range, we’re looking at a 15% decline in bookings all year, plus the 100 basis points more churn. We feel that these are the most plausible outcomes for fiscal ‘23. But I want to be completely clear that as we sit here today, we have no indication whatsoever that bookings will actually decline or the churn will actually increase. We are simply adding a prudent safety factor to our guidance range, so we’re all prepared for a downturn should it happen.  While we don’t foresee even worse outcomes and thus have not included them in our guidance range. For the sake of illustration, a 30% decline in bookings all year, plus the 100 basis points more churn gets us to 7% ARR growth. And just to demonstrate the amazing resilience of our model, note that it would take a massive 75% year-over-year bookings decline on top of 200 basis points more churn to get to flat year-over-year ARR growth.  But even then, free cash flow would shows solid growth given cash contribution margin improvements already implemented, the restructuring payment that are now behind us and the spending austerity we’d surely implement in response to a downturn of that magnitude. Bottom line is that we’re very confident that the resilience of our model ensures strong fiscal ‘23 results.  While a potential macro downturn is on everybody’s mind, the foreign exchange rates we’re already experiencing is a bigger factor in our fiscal ‘23 free cash flow projections. The $560 million target for free cash flow correlates both to an ARR growth slowdown and to the very strong dollar that we’re currently experiencing. At today’s foreign exchange rates, which are the most unfavorable in two decades, the $560 million of free cash flow in fiscal ‘23 includes a roughly $60 million headwind versus what the same free cash flow would be at given our fiscal ‘22 plan rates.  The $560 million remains within the $550 million to $600 million free cash flow range we established back in 2019 when the world looked very different. But I trust you can see, if not for significant FX headwinds, we would in fact be guiding to a free cash flow number above that 2019 range due to the underlying strength in our business. Keep in mind that because our customer contracts are recurring, the same dollars flow through the system year-after-year.  While FX is a big headwind now, if exchange rates return to a more normal range in the future, then the headwind would dissipate and free cash flow would trend back toward the higher level of performance. On the other hand, if today’s FX rates become a permanent new normal, then we’ll give consideration to other strategies like regional pricing changes to compensate.  Obviously, the company is very well positioned, and while we’re allowing that the macro situation could slow us down somewhat versus our true potential in fiscal ‘23, our strategy is clearly working; our execution has been stellar; and our resilient business model means we’re positioned to produce attractive and differentiated performance in our top line ARR and bottom line free cash flow metrics, no matter what scenario unfolds. I shortened my typical customer anecdotes today, because I want to save time to discuss the new IR reporting model that we’re adopting as we transition into fiscal ‘23.  Let’s move to slide 12. As most of you know, with the Codebeamer acquisition landing in FSG last quarter, suddenly FSG has become a growth business, which doesn’t really match our original conception of FSG as a low-growth cash count. In fact, with Digital Thread Core growth and FSG segments, all growing mid-teens or better, our current reporting model yields little insight into our growth drivers.  In thinking through what to do with FSG, we realize that the current segmentation also doesn’t map very well to our strategy, and it doesn’t map at all to industry market segments, which makes competitor performance comparisons difficult. Worse yet, by fragmenting parts of our PLM business across Digital Thread Core where Windchill lives, FSG where our retail FlexPLM business is based on Windchill lives and Velocity where we have Arena, our IR reporting structure has obfuscated our strong market position in PLM. Given how our business has evolved, we feel the current reporting model no longer serves any of us very well and it’s time to evolve it too.  Turning to slide 13 to address these challenges going forward, we’ve decided to adopt a simpler reporting model of CAD and PLM and to be completely transparent in how we’re recasting our business into this model. I’ve already discussed last year’s growth rates using the existing four segments of Digital Thread Core growth in FSG plus Velocity. On slide 13, you’ll see how the prior segments mapped to the new segmentation model.  The mapping is more simple than it appears. If we are referring to using a computer to aid in designing product information, then it is Computer Aided Design or CAD. If we are referring to aggregating product data in databases and managing the processes to interact with it across the product life cycle, then its Product Lifecycle Management or PLM. You can see that if we recast last year into the new model, then inside a $1.71 billion ARR company, growing 16% last year, we had a $756 million ARR CAD business growing 11%, and a $950 million ARR PLM business growing 20%.  In case it helps with competitor comparisons, total revenues were $1.137 billion for PLM and $796 million for CAD in fiscal ‘22. This new reporting model maps much better to how our analysts and competitors view the world. You can also see how we’d allocate PTC’s 10% to 14% ARR growth guidance for fiscal ‘23 using the old model, and how those same growth allocations were then mapped to the new model.  In the old IR segmentation model, we would have guided Digital Thread Core to grow 10% to 14%, Digital Thread Growth to grow 15% to 20%, FSG to grow 5% to 10% and Velocity to grow 20% to 25% in fiscal ‘23. I trust you find that all to be quite reasonable and consistent with the high level of the ranges correlating to fiscal ‘22 actuals and the low end of the range leaving room for macro slowdown. In the new model that same 10% to 14% company growth maps to CAD growing 8% to 10% and PLM growing 12% to 17%. Please view this bridge from the old model to the new model as a one-time event, because starting with the next earnings call, we will report using only the new CAD and PLM, IR segmentation model. It will make things much easier for all of us.  Turning to slide 14, I want to briefly remind you that while we’re adopting a new reporting model, it is certainly not a new strategy. I trust it might even feel a little familiar to you. Indeed, we’ve always been clear that it was our PLM strategy that led us to acquire Servigistics, ThingWorx, Arena, Codebeamer and others. We have said that at each step of the journey. You might even remember me saying IoT is PLM and introducing the closed loop PLM language back when we acquired ThingWorx. Perhaps you even remember a few years back we had a reporting category of extended PLM that included PLM, ALM and SLM.  We’ve been pursuing a broad PLM vision for years and have made tremendous progress. Now we want to put it on display. We probably need a drum roll now, because this reporting model unveiled some really great news on slide 15 that’s been true for some time, but masked by our reporting structure.  As the new segmentation clearly reveals with $981 million of PLM software revenue, I’m ready to declare that PTC has become the clear category leader in the hot PLM market. Using apples-to-apples definition, similar to that of competitors, PTC is easily number one globally in terms of scale, ahead of number two Siemens and number three Dassault by some distance. Note that total PLM revenue at PTC is more than $1.1 billion when you include services, but being a software company we think it’s most appropriate to focus on software. With a growth rate well ahead of these competitors in recent years, we are rapidly widening the leadership gap.  A primary reason why we’ve been outpacing the market for years is because of the uniquely compelling PLM portfolio we’ve built, but a second key reason is that we transitioned to a subscription business model years ago, whereas competitors remain largely perpetual in nature. While the valley of death which slowed PTC’s growth for years has faded in our rearview mirror, it lies ahead for these competitors should they attempt to transition to our business model. That would only open the software revenue gap further. The takeaway is that just as surely as Dassault leads in CAD and ANSYS leads in simulation, PTC leads in PLM. Five consecutive years of PTC’s accelerating PLM growth demonstrates that PLM supports a very attractive growth rate. I feel confident PTC can and will build on a strong leadership position in this great market segment for years to come. Turning to slide 16, today we’re guiding the first quarter and full year of fiscal ‘23. At our virtual Investor Day just two weeks from now, we’ll give you a bit more insight into our business strategy and operations in fiscal ‘23 and then guide how we expect that to play out across a longer period through fiscal ‘25. I don’t want to preview that content today, but I think you’ll like where the company is headed as we continue performing while transforming, as we’ve consistently done over the past decade.  Then a bit further down the calendar, we hope you’ll join us here in Boston for LiveWorx 2023 on May 15 and 16 of next year, where you have an opportunity to dive deep into all things PTC. LiveWorx will afford investors ample opportunity to interact with management, employees, customers and partners. Please block off both events on your calendars.  Wrapping up my part then on slide 17, as I reflect on fiscal ‘22, demand remained strong all year, and we’ve seen only minor signs of a macro slowdown. Accelerating growth and expanding margins prove our strategy is working well, and strong execution has driven our top and bottom line performance to levels that are amongst the best across our industry peer group.  Transitioning into fiscal ‘23, I’m excited about the opportunities to do even better as we push ahead with our SaaS and margin expansion initiatives. We’re watching diligently for changes in the demand environment and feel well prepared for whatever lies ahead. Because of our business model and spending discipline, we expect to deliver solid top line growth and robust bottom line growth across any of the more plausible macro scenarios. I continue to believe the company has never been in a better position to create shareholder value. And with that, I’m going to turn it over to Kristian for his more detailed commentary on financial results and guidance. 
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon everyone. Before I review our results, I’d like to note that I’ll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance, and ARR references will be in both constant currency and as reported.  Turning to slide 19. In fiscal ‘22 our ARR grew 16% on a constant currency basis and exceeded guidance. On an organic constant currency basis excluding Codebeamer, our ARR was $1.61 billion, up 15% year-over-year.  As Jim explained, our top line strength in Q4 was broad-based. We’re executing well against our strategy and we’re continuing to improve upon our strong market positions. Our SaaS businesses across our Digital Thread and Velocity groups saw continued solid ARR growth in Q4.  On an as reported basis we delivered 7% ARR growth, 6% organic due to the impact of FX headwinds, which were $134 million, substantially higher than the approximately $85 million of FX headwinds that we would have expected assuming Q3 ending exchange rates and at the midpoint of our guidance for Q4. Moving on to cash flow. Despite the FX headwinds, our cash flow results were strong, with Q4 and full year results coming in ahead of our guidance across all metrics. Solid collections performance and slower hiring helped to offset the incremental headwinds that materialized in Q4 and for the full year our restructuring cost controls and above planned perpetual license revenue primarily from Kepware also helped to offset the FX headwinds. When assessing and forecasting our free cash flow, it’s also important to remember a few things. FX rates were more favorable in the first half of fiscal ‘22 and the majority of our collections occur in the first half of our fiscal year. Q4 is our lowest cash flow generation quarter and free cash flow is primarily a function of ARR rather than revenue. In fiscal ‘22 FX fluctuations created a headwind of approximately $30 million to our free cash flow results.  Q4 revenue of $508 million increased 6% year-over-year and fiscal ‘22 revenue was $1.933 billion, up 7%. As we’ve discussed previously, revenue is impacted by ASC 606, so we do not believe that revenue growth rates are the best indicator of our underlying business performance, but would rather guide you to ARR as the best metric to understand our top line performance and cash generation. On a constant currency basis, our Q4 revenue was up 12% year-over-year and our fiscal ‘22 revenue was up 11%.  Before I move on to the balance sheet, I’d like to provide some color on our non-GAAP operating margin as I did last quarter. We continue you to caution, because revenue is impacted by ASC 606. Other derivative metrics such as gross margin, operating margin, operating profit and EPS are all impacted as well. Still, it’s worth mentioning that we’re benefiting from the work that we’ve done to optimize our cost structure. Our non-GAAP operating margin expanded by approximately 300 basis points to 38% in fiscal ‘22.  Moving to slide 20, we ended the fourth quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $272 million. Our gross debt was $1.36 billion with an aggregate interest rate of 3.9%. During Q4 we repaid $75 million on our revolving credit facility.  Regarding our share repurchase program, as we’ve communicated previously, we completed $125 million of repurchases at the front end of this fiscal year. Our long-term goal, assuming our debt to EBITDA ratio is below 3x, is to return approximately 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders via share repurchases, while also taking into consideration the interest rate environment and strategic opportunities. Next, slide 21 shows our ARR by product group. In the constant currency section on the top half of the slide, we use rates as of September 30, 2021 to calculate ARR for all periods. You can see on the slide how FX dynamics have resulted in differences between our constant currency ARR and as reported ARR over the past eight quarters. I provided a reminder on the previous call that when we set ARR guidance for fiscal ‘23, we would be providing that at the September 30, 2022 FX rates and restating history assuming those rates. Let’s turn to that now.  Here on slide 22 we show the new reporting categories that Jim took you through with historical ARR results recasted using our FY ‘23 plan rate for all periods. We post a set of financial data tables to our IR website that has our financial statements, as well as these ARR tables. For comparative purposes, the constant currency historicals are at FY ‘23 plan rates and should be used when forecasting PTC’s constant currency ARR results. This is important to consider in context of our guidance, because we provide ARR guidance on a constant currency basis. If exchange rates fluctuate significantly between the end of Q4 and the end of Q1, that would be reflected in our as reported ARR.  We believe constant currency is the best way to evaluate the top line performance of our business, because it removes FX fluctuations from the analysis, positive or negative. Given the sharp moves in FX that we’ve seen recently, I thought it would be useful to provide an updated ARR sensitivity rule of thumb here on slide 23, and as you can see, in addition to the U.S. dollar we transact in euro, yen and more than 10 other additional currencies.  Using our Q4 FX rates, the impact of a $0.10 change in the euro would be approximately $38 million positive or negative and the impact of a ¥10 change would be approximately $7 million, again positive or negative, and of course the estimated dollar impact to ARR is dependent on the size of the ARR base.  Turning to slide 24, since most of the sell-side forecasts have been built assuming September 30, 2021 rates, I thought it would be helpful to provide this slide as a reference point before I take you through our actual guidance on slide 25. Slide 24 illustrates what our guidance would have looked like if calculated using our fiscal ‘22 plan rates.  The year-over-year growth rate for ARR is the same 10% to 14% that you’ll see on slide 25; however, the absolute values for ARR are higher given the FX rates versus the FY ‘23 plan rates. For revenue, the actuals we report and the guidance we provide are on an as reported basis, not on a constant currency basis. For illustrative purposes this slide shows our fiscal ‘22 revenue on a constant currency basis, assuming our fiscal ‘22 plan rates. On this basis the illustrative year-over-year growth rates for fiscal ‘23 are about 6% higher than the comparable numbers you’ll see on the next slide. The range of revenue growth is lower on slide 25, because our reported revenue is based on monthly FX movements rather than a point in time set of rates, and we faced some tough comps in fiscal ‘23, particularly in the first half of the year. With that, I’ll take you through our guidance on slide 25. Today I’ll focus on FY ‘23 and Q1. In a couple of weeks when we have our Investor Day, we’ll focus more on the medium term.  For all ARR guidance amount, we’re using our fiscal ‘23 plan rates, the rates as of September 30, 2022. For fiscal ‘23 we expect constant currency ARR growth of 10% to 14%, which would make this the sixth consecutive year of double-digit growth. This corresponds to fiscal ‘23 constant currency ARR of $1.73 billion to $1.79 billion.  Churn is a key component of our ARR guidance and we significantly outperformed our churn guidance in fiscal ‘22 and ended the year with organic churn at 5.6% using our fiscal ‘22 plan rates. Our medium term target as stated back in 2019 was to get to the 6% level by fiscal ‘24, and we achieved this earlier than expected. Going forward, I think there’s still room to improve our churn rate, but at the same time I want to be cognizant of the macro environment, and that’s the rationale behind keeping our churn assumption essentially flat for fiscal ‘23.  Next, on cash flows for fiscal ‘23, we expect free cash flow of approximately $560 million, up about 35% and adjusted free cash flow of $562 million, up about 20%. This includes an estimated $60 million of headwind caused by FX impacts on our operations as compared to FY ‘22 FX rates. Our fiscal ‘22 restructuring is substantially behind us, so the difference between free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow is small for fiscal ‘23.  Our CapEx assumption for fiscal ‘23 is approximately $20 million, and therefore relative to free cash flow guidance of $560 million, we’re guiding for cash from operations of $580 million. In a few minutes I’ll take you through an illustrative FY ‘23 free cash flow model in more detail. Moving on to revenue guidance, for fiscal ‘23 we expect revenue of $1.91 billion to $1.99 billion, which corresponds to a growth rate of negative 1% to positive 3%. ASC 606 makes revenue fairly difficult to predict in the short term for on-premise subscription companies, hence the wide range. And remember, revenue does not reflect cash generation as we typically bill customers annually upfront regardless of contract term lengths. It’s worth taking a few minutes to explain this. So let’s go on a short detour from guidance and turn to slide 26.  This slide shows a hypothetical example with 10 contracts and different assumptions for four variables. Software type, which can be either on-premise subscription, perpetual support or cloud/SaaS.  Number two, upfront recognition percentage. To keep this model simple, we’ll just assume that 50% of the on-premise subscription total contract value is recognized upfront under ASC 606. To be clear, this varies by company and even by product within each company, but here we’re just trying to keep this simple to illustrate the point.  Number three, term length. This example uses term lengths ranging from one to four years; and four, contract size. This is really total contract value or TCV. In this example, TCV ranges from $1,000 to $4,000, but note, all of these contracts have the same ARR of $1,000.  Moving to slide 27, for certain contract types, namely SaaS and cloud and on-premise support contracts, revenue recognition is ratable over the term of the contract. For these contracts, term length and contract value do not have impact on revenue recognition and revenue aligns with ARR on an annual basis. You can see this here with $250 being recognized every quarter. On the next slide, slide 28, here is an example of a one year on-premise subscription that renews annually. Due to ASC 606, half of the contract value is recognized as upfront revenue and the remaining half is recognized ratably over the contract term. Since this is a one year subscription, revenue aligns with ARR on an annual basis. However, on a quarterly basis there is a difference because of the upfront revenue recognition was $625 in the first quarter and $125 in the next three quarters. Turning to slide 29. Here we’re highlighting an example of a four year on-premise subscription. Again, under ASC 606, half the contract value is recognized as revenue upfront. However, ARR and cash invoicing are both done on an annual basis. In this example the amounts would be 1,000 per year. In contrast, as this example shows, we would recognize $2,000 of revenue upfront and the remaining $2,000 will be recognized ratably over the 16 quarters of the term. Moving to slide 30. The graph compares ARR and revenue for these 10 hypothetical contracts over a 12 year period. Over the 12 years this model assumes no growth, no price increases nor churn. There’s no changing of term lengths, no migrating from support to on-premise subscription or from on-premise subscription to SaaS. Of course as you know, we actually have programs in place that actively drive each of these dynamics, but it would be much too complicated to start adding these kinds of dynamics into this super simple example. The green line which is ARR appropriately shows flat business performance, 10 contracts at $1,000 each for $10,000 in ARR each year, zero percent growth, whereas the blue line, which is revenue, shows a lot of volatility from year-to-year. Revenue growth rates vary from negative 33% to positive 69% in any given year, and again, while this example is overly simplistic, hopefully you can see why we keep saying that you can’t really look at revenue to understand the underlying performance of our business, nor is it helpful when trying to understand free cash flow dynamics.  What is important to remember is that over the term of the contract, over the term of each contract, every dollar of ARR becomes $1 of revenue. However, how and when revenue is recognized is dependent on the mix of contracts starting and/or renewing in any given year and can vary significantly from period-to-period, and you can imagine what happens to margins and EPS under this kind of scenario. Next, on slide 31 is the conclusion. Due to ASC 606, the revenue trend is noise for companies like PTC that sell on-premise subscriptions. But the point here is, don’t worry, because free cash flow is really a function of ARR, and this is why we focus on ARR and free cash flow and believe it to be the best way to assess our fundamental business performance. Now returning from that fun side trip to guidance on slide 32. For Q1 we’re guiding for cash from operations of $170 million, free cash flow of $165 million and adjusted free cash flow of $166 million. There’s one additional item worth noting related to the cash flow in Q1 and fiscal ‘23.  In Q1 we expect to make a $10 million foreign tax payment related to changes to the withholding tax policy of a foreign country. Since we also expect this to be substantially – substantially all of this to be refunded before the end of fiscal ’23, there is no expected impact to the full year financials and we will not adjust for this. Aside from this item, as you model the quarters of fiscal ‘23, keep in mind that we expect the quarterly distribution to follow a similar pattern as in fiscal ‘22 and fiscal ‘21 for the cash flow metrics, with over 60% of our cash flow coming in the first half of the year and Q4 being our lowest cash flow generation quarter. Next, on slide 33, let’s take a look at an illustrative model that uses the assumptions that Jim described earlier and illustrates what you need to believe to achieve the midpoint of our fiscal ‘23 constant currency ARR guidance at the midpoint of $1.76 billion. In this illustrative model, which is for 12% constant currency ARR growth, we’ve assumed that churn worsens by approximately 100 basis points and we kept new ACV flat. While new ACV is not exactly the same as bookings due to dynamics such as ramp deals and in-year starts which we discussed before, it’s a close enough proxy for this exercise.  I would point out that while the churn increase looks high, that is in fact the math of an approximate 100 basis point increase that we outlined earlier in the discussion, and while the macro environment may increase churn as you can see on the page, a 100 basis point increase would push absolute churn level – churn dollars above levels that we have not seen for quite some time, and we have some tailwinds on the churn front which include term lengths lengthening. In fact our expiring base in fiscal ‘23 is only slightly higher than in fiscal ’22, despite more than $200 million of beginning ARR.  The price increase we implemented in May should also provide some tailwind throughout the year, and importantly our product portfolio continues to mature and some of the product segments that have higher churn like IoT and AR have seen steady improvement in churn over the past three years and still have lots of room for improvement to get to renewal rates more in line with for example, Creo and Windchill. On the flat new ACV assumption, I would also point out that we have slightly more deferred ARR starting in fiscal ‘23 than we did in fiscal ‘22. We will have a full year of new sales from Codebeamer versus the two quarters worth that we had in fiscal ’22, and the price increases that went into effect should provide a modest tailwind on the new sales front as well. You can see that to hit the midpoint of $1.76 billion, we need to add $188 million of ARR in fiscal ‘23.  Balancing potential macro uncertainties with the momentum we’ve been seeing in our business, our forecast, and given some of the considerations I just mentioned, we believe our fiscal ‘23 guidance is prudent. Turning to slide 34, here’s an illustrative constant currency ARR model for Q1. You can see our results over the past eight quarters. In the far right column we’ve modeled the midpoint of our constant currency Q1 ARR guidance. Because our ARR tends to see some seasonality, the most relevant comparison is Q1 ‘21 and Q1 ‘22.  The illustrative model indicates that to hit the midpoint of our Q1 ‘23 guidance of $1.59 billion, we need to add $18 million of ARR on a sequential basis. This is less than the $40 million we added in Q1 of ‘21 and the $37 million we added in Q1 of fiscal ‘22. Again, for the reasons I mentioned just a minute ago, we believe we’ve set our Q1 ‘23 constant currency ARR guidance range prudently. Let’s move on to slide 35, which shows an illustrative free cash flow model for fiscal ‘23. I know that most of you model free cash flow using the indirect method, which uses the P&L and balance sheet as a starting point. Given the complexities related to ASC 606 that we spent some time on earlier on this call, there are inherent challenges in using the indirect method to forecast free cash flow for PTC. The model on this slide is based on what we use internally. I know that looking at it in this way, may be unfamiliar to some of you, so please feel free to reach out if we can help. Starting at the top with ARR, note that the FY ‘22 ARR has been – is at the September 30, 2022 rates, and that for fiscal ‘23 we’ve used the midpoint of our constant currency ARR guidance. Moving down the model, the primary reason why FY ‘23 professional services revenue is down is because of unfavorable FX developments we’ve seen over the past year. In addition, we expect roughly a third of our professional services revenue to transition to DxP over time. Moving to cost of revenue and operating expenses, the FX developments over the past year have the opposite effect here. Compared to revenue for costs and expenses, the FX moves are beneficial. You can see the powerful leverage on our cash contribution, which is a characteristic outcome of a sticky recurring subscription business model, combined with operational discipline. As you can see, expected restructuring payments are materially lower in fiscal ’23, because as Jim explained earlier, we completed the work related to the operational optimization announced a year ago and the related cash restructuring payments are now substantially behind us. We’ve also completed the work to rebalance resources across the company to align with our growth opportunities and we did this without a restructuring charge. Moving on, you will see that other expense is higher in fiscal ‘23 compared to fiscal ’22. This is primarily due to higher interest rate on our revolver given the higher interest rate environment. Cash taxes are also higher in this model and reflect both higher taxable income, as well as the impact of Section 174. And finally, the other category is also higher in FY ‘23. The main driver here is higher working capital to support continued growth. FY ‘22 also includes the impact of FX movements. All this sums up to expected free cash flow of $560 million, inclusive of the $134 million ARR headwind that materialized and consequent $60-ish million headwind to free cash flow. Jim explained earlier, we expect to deliver approximately $560 million under the most plausible ARR growth scenarios and I’d like to reiterate that.  If the macro situation gets worse and our cash generation is impacted, you can expect us to moderate our spending. On the other hand, if the macro situation improves or the dollar strength reverses, this would be favorable for our cash generation, and in that scenario we’d likely invest more aggressively in our business. As we start the year, we believe $560 million is a good target. And that’s a good segue to slide 36.  First of all, we are prepared for a storm and expect to be resilient in the face of one. From a top line perspective, we serve industrial product companies and R&D at those companies tends to be quite resilient, so we have a supportive top line backdrop. We’ve also transitioned successfully to a subscription business model and our products are very sticky with our customers. Just as importantly from a cost and operational perspective, we have done a lot of optimization in 2022 that will serve us well going forward; we’ve already battened down the hatches.  Nevertheless, as we’ve said in the past, we do not have a Pollyanna type view when it comes to the macro situation. We have a strong track record of disciplined operational management, and in the event of a meaningful downturn, we are prepared to pull additional spending levers to mitigate the impact on our cash flows. Variable compensation would automatically adjust and depending on the magnitude of the downturn, we would also curtail plant hires, look at backfilling attrition, marketing spend, travel spend, etc. So with that, I’d like to wrap it up here and turn it over to the operator to begin Q-&-A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jim Heppelmann: Hello Steve!
Steve Tusa: Hi! Good evening. How are you guys?
Jim Heppelmann: Good.
Steve Tusa: Quite a comprehensive rundown there. Thanks for that, yeah. So the message is that you guys are ready, I guess that’s the message.  Just on this customer behavior, I mean you went to great lengths once again to highlight how you’re ready for whatever comes your way with the business model, and you know in those parts of the business that you did see, you know perhaps not as much growth in bookings in Europe and China. I mean there are obvious reasons for that probably. But what are you seeing in customer behavior there? Is it just kind of like deferrals of budgets, is it longer cycle times to close and how do you expect this to kind of progress here into the fourth quarter?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. So first again, I want to remind you we had record sales in Q4. So while we saw some minor slowdowns, we also saw strength that more than offset in other places. But you know to answer your question, in China you know it’s really COVID, it’s geopolitical, it’s all those kind of things and China is 5% of our business, so we don’t have a lot of exposure there. In Europe it tends to be smaller companies, who are themselves battening down the hatches and they are trying to kick the can down the road and get a little bit more insight into what’s going to happen to the economy. But I mean I know this is a general question for everybody, so let me elaborate a little bit.  It’s a funny time, because you know on one hand you have the PMIs coming down and normally that slows down our bookings, but it hasn’t here. We certainly read the papers like the rest of you do, but we also have customers everywhere who can’t keep up with demand. I mean, we have a customer visit center here at PTC on the 17th floor, and it was completely packed today. We had six day-long meetings going on in parallel. We only have the capacity for six. I’m on the board of an automotive supplier and recently we were reviewing the IHS forecast, and IHS is forecasting the auto industry to grow 2% to 6% next year. We’re a big supplier to the defense companies. In fact, two of the companies that were here today were defense companies, and they can’t keep up with the volume and you know their customers are asking for more and more and more.  I was in Europe last week and I visited a couple of clean energy companies, and again, because of what’s going on in the energy industry, whether it’s clean energy or not clean energy, there’s a lot of action happening. You know people who used to ship gas through pipelines now need to ship it through ships and so that creates a whole bunch of new demand. For example, big compressors that sit on ships, we have a customer who makes those.  I visited a wind turbine company and they think their sales are going to triple over the next 10 years, because of their desire for clean energy. I went to a truck company, and they can’t keep up with demand for diesel trucks, meanwhile they have enormous demand for electric trucks, because all these e-commerce companies, Amazon, Target, whatever, really want their packages delivered in electric vehicles and so all these fleets are trying to move to electric. So I’m just saying Steve, like there’s the headlines and then there’s everything else we see and the everything else really is quite encouraging. But we’re trying not to be Pollyanna; we’re trying to be aware of the headlines that could in fact impact us, so we tried to model it in.
Steve Tusa: One last quick one. On a look back to 2Q and any kind of impact from the price increases that you saw and kind of a postmortem on that?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes Kristian, have you tried to size it all, the impact of the price increase since Q2?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, you know I think it’s probably high single-digit million worth of impact in fiscal ‘22.
Jim Heppelmann: So that would be 0.5 percentage point of growth, let’s call it.
Steve Tusa: Okay great! Thanks a lot guys. I really appreciate all the detail. Very helpful. Thank you.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Wong with Oppenheimer & Co. please.
Ken Wong: Great! Just a quick question. I realize macro is going to get beat like a horse here, but you saw a little bit of SMB weakness in Europe. I guess what – has that been baked into potentially spreading elsewhere or are you guys fencing it off in Europe for now in terms of the guidance?
Jim Heppelmann: No, no. I think we’re – if you look at our guidance scenario, the best case shows a substantial slowdown in bookings momentum, and the worst case shows a substantial decline in bookings. And that would have to happen somewhere and I could imagine it would start in SMB globally and work its way into bigger accounts.  So we’re giving you a guidance range that the entire range is well below sort of the level of performance we’ve had for a while now, and again, it’s really just based on conservatism. There’s not a lot of science though behind it, because like I said, there’s no science, there’s no data actually that supports taking the range down that low. It’s just being prudent because of everything we read and everything we hear.
Ken Wong: Got it. Okay, really appreciate that Jim. I’ll circle back in the queue. Thanks again.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call back to Jim Heppelmann. I do apologize.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, thanks Angela. So listen everybody, I’m sorry we didn’t give more time for questions today. We had a lot of content. We allowed Kristian to spend a little bit of time on an accounting lesson there, because you know we think people are going to ask the question, ‘how do you get a 35% free cash flow growth of flat revenue and flat margins?’ And the simple answer is revenues noise. Free cash flow at PTC is based on ARR and we have substantial increases in our free cash – you know our cash contribution margins against growing ARR. So the math works, but we want to make sure you understood that, so it didn’t leave lingering questions. But anyway, we’ll hopefully see most of you or all of you in two weeks when we have our Investor Day. We’ll go a little bit deeper into the business strategy as I said, and then we’ll get into some mid-term guidance. You know we’re going to guide fiscal ‘23, ‘24 and ‘25. And again, I don’t want to preview that content now, but I think it’s a positive story. You probably can sense that we feel good about the business. So thanks a lot for your time. Sorry, we didn’t have more time for questions, and you know we look forward to following up with you in two weeks or in whatever forums and venues happen before that. Thanks a lot.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks all.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the PTC 2022 Third Quarter Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. And I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Shimao, PTC’s Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matt Shimao: Good afternoon. Thank you, Savannah and welcome to PTC’s fiscal 2022 third quarter conference call. On the call today are; Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast, and the replay of the call will be available later today at www.ptc.com. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events after results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC’s annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in today’s press release. The forward-looking statements including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today’s date, July 27, 2022. And PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today’s press release made available on our website. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to PTC’s Chief Executive Officer, Jim Heppelmann.
Jim Heppelmann: Great. Thanks, Matt. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. I’m pleased to report that PTC delivered an outstanding third quarter, with top line ARR results and bottom line free cash flow results above our guidance, and we’re raising our guidance for the third time this year. Before I dive in, I’d like to point out that Kristian will cover the effects of the strengthening dollar later during his section of the call. So to simplify things, I will focus my discussion of top line growth metrics on constant currency results. Turning to Slide 4, ARR and free cash flow results were very strong and the strength was broad-based across all segments and geographies. Of particular note, we saw organic ARR growth further accelerate to 15%, driven by the acceleration we saw across the board in Digital Thread Core, Digital Thread Growth, FSG and Velocity units. ARR growth was helped by the lowest churn the company has seen in many quarters. I’m pleased to see PTC’s organic growth rate move into that mid-teens range we’ve been targeting. We closed the Intland acquisition during Q3. I’ll refer to this business as Codebeamer going forward, because that is the product name we will retain. Codebeamer had an outstanding first quarter at PTC and added a point of inorganic ARR growth, taking PTC’s ARR to $1.63 billion, up 16% year-over-year. In Q3, we complemented our top line growth with even stronger bottom line growth. Despite strong FX headwinds and nearly $20 million of restructuring and M&A transaction payments, our free cash flow performance was strong at $112 million, which was ahead of our guidance and up 33% year-over-year. Remember that the restructuring we implemented at the end of last fiscal year was designed to drive a more aggressive and efficient SaaS strategy. At the time it was announced, we viewed the charges as short-term pain for long-term gain. Now, we’re at the inflection point where most of the pain is behind us, leaving us with a cost structure that’s in great shape, while the operational changes continue to generate the positive results we expected. I’m going to circle back on the margin topic in a few minutes when I reflect on macro scenarios. Moving to Slide 5, despite the scary headlines we read every day, we’ve continued to see solid global demand for our offerings. We did see some minor indications of macro-related softness in smaller European reseller accounts and in China due to COVID-related lockdowns, but this proved immaterial as organic bookings were up 29% year-over-year, roughly double the organic ARR growth rate. Europe bookings grew 20%. As I mentioned, renewals were also strong and we’re raising our FY ‘22 organic churn guidance as we’re trending slightly better than expected. Growth was strong in both Digital Thread and Velocity units and across all three geographies. Q3 was the seventh consecutive quarter that bookings have grown faster than ARR, which together with improving renewal rates is driving the accelerating ARR growth we’ve been delivering all year. To help you appreciate the resilience of PTC, as you think about any potential macro volatility that may lie ahead. On Slide 6, I’d like to briefly again review our business model dynamics to help investors understand why, despite the uncertainty, we have confidence in our financial targets for the remainder of the year. On the left-hand of the slide, you can see that the 16% ARR growth we delivered in Q3 was based not just on our Q3 performance, but performance over the prior three quarters as well. Given our definition of ARR is the annualized value of the book of active recurring software contracts, ARR growth is effectively a trailing four-quarter metric. When we say ARR grew 16% in the third quarter, we mean that on average ARR has now grown 16% over each of the past four quarters, because the entire book of active recurring businesses now 16% larger than it was at this time last year. While this trailing dynamic serves to dampen the impact of bookings in any single quarter, such as the strong results in Q3 where bookings grew roughly twice the speed of ARR. It also provides a tremendous foundation of stability for the company. We are raising our ARR guidance for the full year, because three of the four quarterly results that will comprise FY ‘22 ARR growth are already known. And we feel sufficiently confident about Q4. Kristian will elaborate during his guidance reveal. As you think about macro scenarios and their effect on PTC, remember the basic rule of thumb that’s a longest bookings exceed churn over the trailing four quarters, ARR will grow and so too should free cash flow. Bookings currently exceed churn by a wide margin, roughly 3:1. To demonstrate the resilience of our model, I’ll quickly review the same big round directionally accurate numbers I supplied last quarter for you to run scenarios against. Think of PTC having around $1.5 billion in ARR and on a run-rate basis we’re adding $300 million in annual bookings, while seeing $100 million in annual churn. That’s the 3:1 ratio I spoke of. Over the next year, the $1.5 billion of ARR would step up by $300 million in bookings, and step down by $100 million in churn to grow to $1.7 billion, which is 13% growth. That’s roughly consistent with our current run rate performance though our actual 15% ARR growth level reflects that we’re running slightly favorable on both bookings and churn. I’ll skip the details this time around, but on the right-side of the slide, let me remind you of the hypothetical scenarios I shared last quarter. The first scenario has booking slow 30% for four quarters, like we experienced in 2009. And the second scenario has booking slow 30% for two quarters, like we experienced in 2020. In both cases, churn has held flat, consistent with experience in both periods. Across those scenarios, ARR grows upper single-digits to low-teens. Now, to understand profitability in a downturn, let’s take a fresh look at Slide 7, which I burrowed and updated from our December Investor Day presentation. Whether top line growth remains strong as it has been or slows a bit due to macro developments, we expect to see significant margin expansion going forward. Margin expansion starts with the scale advantages we get by growing the top line faster than spending. Fiscal year-to-date, ARR is up 16%, while non-GAAP OpEx is basically flat, but we have several margin expansion programs that go further. The first margin expansion program is reflected in the actions we successfully implemented at the end of FY ‘21, which is shown on the left half of the page. Those changes that worth several hundred basis points of margin expansion, once the restructuring is complete, and it now largely is. By the time we enter FY ‘23, we have the bulk of the operating costs and the restructuring costs removed from our results. In addition to that, we’ve also initiated a second margin expansion program, which is shifting resources within our portfolio in a way that addresses key staffing needs, while driving up the profitability of our J-Curve businesses as shown on the right half of the slide. By reassigning some sales in R&D resources, and I’m talking about the actual people from IoT and AR, where growth has been lower than expected into other parts of the portfolio like CAD and PLM, where growth has been exceeding expectations, we’re able to accommodate much of the company’s resourcing needs, while canceling more than half of the 800 open positions we had a quarter ago. This program will not involve layoffs or restructuring charges, just new assignments for existing employees. The avoidance of new hires and their previously budgeted costs is expected to yield a couple hundred basis points of margin expansion over time. Note that a nice side effect of these resourcing shifts is that the Digital Thread growth unit comprised of IoT and AR is now crossing into profitability. We expect to see further margin expansion that comes naturally, as these businesses continue scaling beyond the current $214 million in ARR. In addition to the margin expansion programs that are well underway, there’s a third margin expansion opportunity. If we were to encounter signs of a significant macro slowdown, like the scenarios I mentioned, we would quickly implement new hiring restrictions against the balance of the open positions we have, as well as other spending restrictions. This too would further help margins. The summary is that our cost structure is in great shape as we contemplate scenarios of what might lie ahead. Given the cost lever we’ve already pulled with the restructuring at the end of last year, the lever we’re pulling now by rebalancing resources within the portfolio and the additional lever that remains incrementally available to us if we see signs of a downturn, we’re looking at substantial margin expansion drivers that make us confident, we can deliver free cash flow growth in the mid-20s or better at Q3 FX levels and across most plausible ARR growth scenarios. A mid-20s free cash flow growth rates supports the longer-term free cash flow guidance we currently have out there. So we continue to feel good about that even in this shaky environment. Because we have products that are compelling and sticky, sold into good markets using a recurring revenue model, coupled with a longstanding reputation for spending discipline, PTC is in a good position to drive differentiated free cash flow growth no matter what macro scenario plays out. Getting back to Q3, let’s take a quick look at our ARR performance by geography on Slide 8, before turning to our business units. In Q3, we again saw a strong ARR growth across all geographies. ARR growth in the Americas was 14%. In Europe, our ARR growth was 17% despite the Russia exit in Q2, which still affects the growth rate, given the trailing nature of our ARR metric. Our ARR growth in APAC was 16%. Knowing that investors are concerned about the macro environment, I’d like to reiterate that we are continuing to see strong bookings and renewal performance globally and in Europe, and giving our recurring business model, ARR is likely to grow in all, but the most extreme downturn scenarios one can imagine. Next, let’s take a look at the ARR performance of our business units starting with Digital Thread on Slide 9. In our largest product segment, Digital Thread Core, we delivered another strong double-digit growth performance in Q3 with 14% ARR growth. Within this, once again, CAD grew low double-digits, while PLM grew 17%. Bookings grew faster in both cases. Q3 was the best performance yet across the known 19 consecutive quarters of double-digit ARR growth we’ve seen in the Core CAD and PLM business. On the SaaS transformation front, Windchill+ is in its early days, but we had a solid SaaS quarter for Windchill based primarily on a good mix of SaaS in new projects. We continue to expect to see a growing SaaS impact from lift and shift conversions as that phenomenon ramps in FY ‘23 and beyond. A reminder too that Windchill+ is the tip of the iceberg of a bigger plus strategy and you’ll see us follow with Creo+ and similar premium SaaS offerings in FY ‘23 and beyond. In Digital Thread Growth, which is IoT and AR, we were pleased to see ARR growth accelerate to 19%. In the neighborhood of that two-handle growth rate we’re targeting. ThingWorx DPM had a solid quarter, including a multimillion dollar ramp deal with a leading global contract manufacturer for a 30 factory DPM rollout following a successful proof of concept. With ThingWorx DPM, we believe we have a turnkey IoT solution with strong product market fit and this deal represents an excellent proof point. FSG posted great results again in Q3, accelerating to 9% ARR growth organically and growing 17% inclusive of Codebeamer. Within FSG, retail PLM, Arbortext and Servigistics all performed notably well, driven by solid results in terms of both bookings and renewals. Let’s turn to Slide 10 and double-click on Codebeamer. As the driver of the inorganic growth of FSG, Codebeamer had an outstanding quarter, beating its plan even before landing a mid seven-figures ramp deal with a European automotive supplier that’s standardizing on Codebeamer across its thousands of software engineers. This transaction was actually the largest order PTC booked in the third quarter, which is quite an accomplishment for a business that currently represents 1% of our ARR. The Codebeamer product has best-in-class ALM capabilities, and is seeing high demand because these capabilities are critical to manufacturers whose products contain embedded software. That’s especially true in industries like automotive and medical devices that are regulated, because an errant software chain – change somewhere in the supply chain could lead to an unexpected product behavior that might kill people. Codebeamer is often an amazing start and early returns are very encouraging. We have combined Codebeamer with our previous ALM offering called Integrity and elevated this consolidated ALM business to be a key product line alongside CAD, PLM, IoT and AR in the Digital Thread portfolio. Codebeamer will continue to be sold standalone and will sell it with PLM as well. In addition to the strong standalone ALM sales that Codebeamer has been experiencing, adding it to PTC’s portfolio, is expected to drive incremental revenue and cost synergies. To keep our reporting simple in the near-term, we will continue to report the ALM business in the FSG line item, placing the high-growth Codebeamer business in the FSG reporting line item should take FSG from being a low single-digit grower to a sustainable mid single-digit grower going forward, which of course helps to elevate PTC’s overall growth rate as well. Before I turn to our Velocity business unit, let me run through a customer story on Slide 11 that illustrates how customers are leveraging our digital transformation capabilities. With more than 29,000 employees, Vestas is a key global provider of sustainable energy solutions to the energy industry. Vestas is a great PTC customer, and they use our software across their Digital Thread, as they design, manufacture, install and service onshore and offshore wind turbines around the globe. To meet the unique needs of each customer and each deployment, Vestas has embraced digital transformation. Vestas has literally taken an electrical mechanical wind turbine and turned it into a highly tailorable software controlled, connected powerhouse of clean and affordable energy. For Vestas, the first step was to establish a strong PLM foundation in engineering. Now Vestas is leveraging the end-to-end configuration management capabilities of Creo, Windchill and ThingWorx to drive process improvements across engineering and manufacturing. By eliminating manual handoffs and redundant work, Vestas is unlocking a step function improvement in product and process quality, while shortening lead times. Vestas is driving closed-loop innovation using data from a large number of connected wind turbines in the field to generate engineering insights. PTC’s unique portfolio was well aligned to support Vestas along their digital transformation journey, and their future plans include increasing use of ThingWorx and Vuforia as they continue to develop their best-in-class wind power solutions. Turning to the Velocity business unit on Slide 12, year-over-year ARR growth for our Velocity unit accelerated slightly to 29% in Q3, with Onshape and Arena again, growing multiple times faster than their market. These cloud-native businesses each a pioneering leader in its respective category continue to give us proof points that suggest the future of the product lifecycle software market will be SaaS. With Velocity, PTC has the best pure-play SaaS strategy in our market. It really is the industry benchmark for how SaaS should be done. And with the Atlas platform, born of Onshape and now powering Windchill+ in the broader plus strategy, we are implementing SaaS across the entire portfolio. We expect the SaaS strategy to create strong growth tailwinds in the Core business for years to come. Let’s move to Slide 13, where I’d like to take you through a Velocity customer story. Wavemaker Labs is a product development accelerator known for product development excellence in automation applications. They have a portfolio of companies and they help these companies build disruptive technologies. Photo you see on the slide is the Flippy 2 Automated Frying Robot from Miso Robotics, which is one of Wavemaker’s portfolio companies. Miso Robotics is leveraging automation to revolutionize commercial food service, and their customers include Jack in the Box, Chipotle and White Castle, all favorites of Kristian Talvitie I’m sure. To help Miso Robotics and their portfolio companies drive high velocity product development, Wavemaker Labs has chosen Onshape and Arena. Speed, agility and flexible scalability are top priorities for Wavemaker Labs, making Onshape and Arena a natural fit. The unique analytics and management reporting capabilities of Onshape helps Wavemaker Labs to better understand the efficiency and the engagement of their engineers. Also with their high velocity mindset, Wavemaker Labs is focused on driving frictionless collaboration from start to finish. They’re looking forward to being one of the first customers to deploy the new Onshape-Arena connection feature, which is in customer test now and will be released shortly. This connector will launch the industry’s first integrated pure-SaaS, CAD and PLM suite, which enables improved collaboration and a seamless flow of product data across engineering, supply chain and manufacturing or contract manufacturing activities. For a final topic, turning to Slide 14, there are two upcoming investor events I want to raise to your attention. First, we plan to hold a Virtual FY ‘23 Investor Day event on November 17th, where we’ll give you a deeper view into PTC’s financial plans for FY ‘23 and beyond. Second, we plan to host a large LiveWorx Ecosystem event on May 15th and 16th of 2023, that assuming COVID cooperates, we expect will bring together thousands of customers, partners, investors and employees in a live event at the Boston Convention and Expo Center near our Seaport headquarters. We’re hoping that many of you will attend the LiveWorx event where we’ll have a dedicated investor track that allows you to participate in keynotes and investor sessions, plus gives you ample opportunity to interact directly with management, customers and partners across the PTC ecosystem. To make it easier for you, we plan to make the November event both shorter and virtual, with the intention to give you what you need for your models to tide you over to the bigger LiveWorx event in May, where you can get a full dose of strategy and customer exposure. Please watch for our Hold the Date invitation from our Investor Relations Team regarding both events. To wrap up on Slide 15, demand remains strong in Q3 and we’ve seen only minor signs of a macro slowdown. But we’re watching diligently and we’re well prepared for whatever lies ahead. Because of our resilient business model and spending discipline, we expect to deliver solid top and bottom line growth across any of the more plausible macro scenarios. Overall, I’m very pleased with PTC’s position, our strategy is working well. We’ve driven both our growth and profitability to levels that are near the top of our peer group and I’m excited about the opportunities to do even better as we push ahead in parallel with a growth and margin expansion initiatives. Throughout the first three quarters of FY ‘22, bookings and renewals have been very strong. Growth has been accelerating all year, which is why we’re raising our guidance for the third time. And we’re entering the fourth quarter of what will be our fifth consecutive year of double-digit organic ARR growth. I think the company’s never been in better position to create shareholder value. And with that, I’ll turn it over to the Kristian for more details on the financial results.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Jim. Good afternoon, everyone. Before I review our results, I’d like to note that I’ll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance and ARR references will be in both constant currency and as reported. Turning to Slide 17. As a reminder, when we provided guidance last quarter, we specifically excluded the Codebeamer and DxP transactions, which had not closed at that point. Codebeamer contributed $16 million of ARR in Q3. On an organic constant currency basis, our ARR was $1.61 billion, up 15% year-over-year, and ahead of the comparable guidance range we provided which was $1.58 billion to $1.595 billion. Including Codebeamer, our constant currency ARR was $1.625 billion, up 16% year-over-year. Aside from a non-operating cash inflow, the DxP transaction did not impact our results as most of the in-flight services contracts are still on our paper. We expect the transition of these services contracts to happen gradually over time, and will be reflected in future guidance as we provide it. However, we expect the impact to ARR and free cash flow to be de minimis. As Jim explained, our top line strength in Q3 was broad-based. We’re executing well against our strategy and we’re continuing to improve upon strong market position. Our SaaS businesses across our Digital Thread and Velocity groups saw continued solid ARR growth in Q3. On an as reported basis, we delivered 9% ARR growth, 8% organic due to the impact of FX headwinds, which were approximately $81 million, substantially higher than the $32 million of FX headwinds we estimated a quarter ago using Q2 ending exchange rates. Despite the FX headwinds, our cash flow results were strong coming in ahead of our guidance, increased ARR, solid collections performance, slower hiring and above planned perpetual license revenue from Kepware helped to offset the incremental headwinds that materialized in Q3. When assessing and forecasting our quarterly cash flow, it’s also important to remember a few things. The majority of our collections occur in the first half of our fiscal year. Q4 is our lowest cash flow generation quarter. And free cash flow is primarily a function of ARR rather than revenue. Q3 revenue of $462 million increased 6% year-over-year, as we’ve discussed previously, revenue has impacted by ASC 606. So we do not believe that revenue growth rates are the best indicator of our underlying business performance, but would rather guide you to ARR as the best metric to understand our top line performance and cash generation. FX impacted revenue by $18 million in Q3. So our revenue on a constant currency basis was $480 million, up 12% year-over-year. Before I move on to the balance sheet, I’d like to provide some color on our non-GAAP operating margin as I did last quarter. We continue to caution that because revenue is impacted by 606, other derivative metrics such as gross margin and operating margin, operating profit, EPS are all impacted as well. Still it’s worth mentioning that we’re benefiting from the work we’ve done to optimize our cost structure, following our restructuring announcement last November. In Q3 ‘22, our non-GAAP operating expenses were slightly less than in Q3 ‘21. Yet we delivered significantly higher ARR, free cash flow and revenue, and our margin percentage also expanded compared to a full year ago. As I indicated last quarter, we believe the improvements we’ve driven are sustainable, and we remain on track to deliver operating margin expansion for the full year and expect to end the year with operating margins in the high 30% range. Moving to Slide 18, we ended the third quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $322 million. Our gross debt was $1.43 billion with an aggregate interest rate of 3.5%. During Q3, the amount drawn on our revolving credit facility increased by $159 million on a net basis to $434 million. This was due to the financing of the Codebeamer acquisition, partially offset by paying down $105 million on our revolver. Regarding our share repurchase program, as we’ve communicated on the previous two calls, we’ve completed $125 million of repurchases in Fiscal ‘22. Our long-term goal assuming our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is below 3 turns, is to return approximately 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders via share repurchases, while also taking into consideration the interest rate environment and strategic opportunities. Next, Slide 19 shows our ARR by product group. We post the set of financial data tables to our IR website that has our financial statements as well as ARR details. In that file, we share both constant currency and as reported ARR. As a reminder, when we calculate constant currency figures, we use our current year plan FX rates, which are as of September 30, 2021 for all periods. You can see on the slide how FX dynamics have resulted in differences between our constant currency ARR and as reported ARR over the past seven quarters. Based on exchange rates at the end of Q3, reported ARR for fiscal ‘22 would be approximately $85 million less than our constant currency ARR guidance. This is important to consider in the context of our guidance, because we provide ARR guidance on a constant currency basis. If exchange rates fluctuate significantly between the end of Q3 and the end of Q4, the impact to our as reported ARR would also change. We believe constant currency is the best way to evaluate top line performance of our business, because it removes FX fluctuations from the analysis positive or negative. As a reminder, as we said our ARR guidance for fiscal ‘23 on our next call, we’ll be providing that at the September 30, 2022, our foreign exchange rates and restating history assuming those rates. Moving on to the next slide. Given the sharp moves in FX that we’ve seen recently, I thought it would be useful to provide an updated ARR sensitivity rule of thumb so to speak here on Slide 20. In addition to the US dollar, we transact in euro, yen and more than 10 other additional currencies. Using our Q3 FX rates, the impact of a $0.10 change in the euro to USD rate would be $38 million positive or negative. And the impact to a JPY0.10 change in the US dollar to yen rate would be about $8 million. Of course, the estimated dollar impact to ARR is depended on the size of the ARR base. Turning to Slide 21. We’re pleased to have closed both the Codebeamer and DxP transactions in the third quarter. Let me explain the financial impacts starting with ARR. At the end of Q3, Codebeamer’s ARR was $16 million reported as part of FSG. We expect solid ARR growth from Codebeamer and this should help FSG grow consistently in the mid single-digit range going forward. The DxP transaction will not impact ARR, but it is instead expected to result in lower professional services revenue. This will happen over time as the services contracts move to DxP from PTC. In Q3, the impact was de minimis. And since our services business is not high margin, we do not expect a material impact to our profitability as the business gets smaller over time. Next, from a free cash flow perspective, we expect Codebeamer and DxP to have an immaterial impact in fiscal ‘22 and to be accretive in fiscal ‘23. In fiscal ‘22, the incremental operational cash flows essentially offset incremental transaction-related fees and incremental interest expense. With that, I’ll move on to guidance on Slide 22. I’ll start by pointing out that our previous guidance did not include the financial impact of Codebeamer or DxP, and our updated guidance now does. As I just explained, this positively impacts ARR. But is immaterial for our other guidance items. We’re raising our fiscal ‘22 constant currency ARR guidance based on our strong year-to-date new and renewal bookings performance, the addition of Codebeamer, and despite our exit from Russia in Q2 of this year. The new range is now $1.66 billion to $1.69 billion, which translates to constant currency ARR growth of 13% to 15% for fiscal ‘22. At the midpoint, we’re raising ARR guidance by $23 million, approximately $16 million of the raise is attributable to the addition of Codebeamer ARR, with the rest being driven by our strong business performance. Given the macro uncertainties, we’re providing a wider range for ARR than we usually would at this point in our fiscal year. The low end contemplates a 2020 recession kind of scenario where bookings will be down 30% and we’d see a modest increase in churn. This is primarily to illustrate the resiliency of our model. As Jim mentioned, we did not really see any material impact for the macro environment in Q3. So if that trend continues, we would beat the low end handily. It’s also worth noting that we’re increasing our expectation for organic churn improvement in fiscal ‘22 from approximately 100 basis points of improvement to approximately 150 basis points of improvement, excluding the impact of our exit from Russia. Even including the inorganic Arena churn and additional Russia-related churn, we’re expecting approximately 100 basis points of churn improvement. And while we don’t guide to bookings, I know that we sometimes reference bookings performance. And Jim mentioned earlier that our bookings growth has outpaced our ARR growth for seven quarters in a row. This will not continue in the fourth quarter, given the exceptionally strong bookings performance we add in Q4 of fiscal ‘21. As Jim also mentioned in our Digital Thread Growth segment, our IoT and AR product lines, ARR accelerated again in the third quarter, as we achieve 19% year-over-year growth. We expect fiscal ‘22 ARR growth for this segment to be 20% plus or minus. Next, on cash flows, we’re raising our free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow guidance for fiscal ‘22. Our strong year-to-date execution includes growing ARR at the high end of our guidance range, especially in the first half of the year, which helped us to generate the majority of our FY ‘22 collections when FX rates were more favorable. Additionally, Kepware continues to perform very well and our perpetual license bookings are also above plan. Given our operational discipline, and the macro environment, our hiring has also been somewhat slower than anticipated. And as we think about Q4, the internal resource reallocation Jim discussed earlier will also further slow hiring. These tailwinds are helping us to offset various headwinds including FX or Russia exit, modestly higher compensation and incremental acquisition and interest-related costs due to the Codebeamer and DxP transactions. Finally, regarding Q4, we continue to expect our normal seasonal pattern of cash flow generation, primarily driven by invoicing seasonality. Moving to revenue, because of the sharp moves in FX over the past three months, we’re reducing the midpoint of our full year revenue guidance by $15 million. So for fiscal ‘22, our new revenue guidance is $1.9 billion to $1.95 billion and the year-over-year growth we are guiding to is now 5% to 8%. ASC 606 makes revenue very difficult to predict for on-premise subscription companies, hence the wide range. Note, that revenue does not influence ARR or cash generation, as we typically bill customers annually upfront, regardless of contract term lengths. I’ll close out my prepared remarks today by taking you through an illustrative constant currency ARR model on Slide 23. Here, we’re showing our ARR progression over the past seven quarters, and an illustration of what is needed to get to the midpoint of our constant currency ARR guidance for fiscal ‘22. Focusing on the last line in the chart, organic sequential ARR growth. The trend that is developed in fiscal ‘22 shows better organic ARR growth year-to-date compared to fiscal ‘21. Next, calling your attention to the green box. This model shows targeted ending ARR at $1.67 billion for Q4 to the midpoint of our guidance range. As you can see, to hit the midpoint of guidance, we need to add $50 million of organic ARR in Q4. This is less than the $63 million we added in Q4 of fiscal ‘21. We believe we’re well positioned to do that, given our pipeline and forecast, and also in part, because we have more deferred ARR starting in Q4 of ‘22, than we did last year. And with the context of macro concerns, we’ve set a low end that contemplates a severe downturn in the global economy. Putting all this together, we believe we’ve set our guidance prudently. With that, I’ll turn the call over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We do ask that you can limit yourself to one question only and then you rejoin the queue for additional questions. Our first question will come from Matthew Broome with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Matthew Broome: Thanks very much. Hi, Jim and Kristian. So congratulations on the large DPM ramp deal. Just how would you characterize the pipeline for that particular solution?
Jim Heppelmann: The pipeline is quite good. I mean, there’s a lot of interest in this solution. And in fact, we’ve already had a couple of follow-on orders from some of the earliest orders we received. So, I think it’s a good solution. You know there’s a lot going on in the world of manufacturing these days. So there’s a lot of competition for mindshare, but I think we have a very good solution and there’s a lot of interest in it.
Matthew Broome: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Hey, Jim. Hey, Kristian, Thanks for – thanks for taking my questions here or question. Kristian, maybe – maybe I’ll direct this one to you. Can you just talk a little bit about any pricing changes you know that PTC has done you know in the last year or so? How you’ve sort of you know approached pricing you know as – as part of this year’s guide? And just any anything on pricing that you would say with respect to this year’s ARR guide?
Kristian Talvitie: Yeah, sure. Hey, a second. Thanks for the question. So you know like most of our peers, we evaluate pricing typically on an annual – annual basis and you know generally contemplate price increases around the October, kind of November timeframe. That’s been our pattern here for the past – past few years, depending on the overall macro environment and you know competitive environment, we try to take those things into consideration, as we – as we think about price increases. So for example you know, during COVID, we actually did a much smaller price increase than we normally would. And – and this year, we actually given the macro environment, we actually pulled the price increase forward a little bit. So you know effective in May, we did a price increase that was also slightly larger than normal, reflecting the macroeconomic situation that we’re all in right now. In terms of its impact to this year’s guidance and performance, I would say it’s been a modest, if you will, at best tailwind for fiscal ‘22. But we think that it’s one that will persist in the fiscal ‘23. And I think the way to think about that is if the price increase was effective in – you know effective in May, any quotes that were already in play would have had old pricing and so on. So you’re – you’re really talking about quotes that are going out after the price increase. So primarily impacting you know Q4 and beyond.
Jim Heppelmann: And maybe to add on renewals. As we’ve discussed, our average term lengths around two years, which would mean each quarter on average, an eighth of renewals are up. And – and then actually a majority of those have contractual price increases uninfluenced by inflation or by price increases we did to the product. So, it was not a major factor. In fact, it was a pretty de minimis factor in Q3, but it will be helpful as we – as we get into next year.
Saket Kalia: Okay, got it. Very helpful, guys. Thank you.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Saket.
Operator: And our next question will come from Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Yes, good afternoon. Good afternoon.
Jim Heppelmann: Hi, Andrew. Hi.
Andrew Obin: Hi. Jim, Kristian. Just the question on Windchill-SaaS transition. Sounds like Windchill+ is more attractive to new logos versus lift and shift existing clients. How is the pipeline for lift and shift building relative to your expectations?
Jim Heppelmann: I’m quite pleased with it. There’s a lot of interest. But you know it’s a project that has to be sold and planned and so forth. Sometimes I call it the last upgrade. Because you know, there’s a process to de-customize this system and upgrade it and then merge it into the running SaaS system. So there’s a lot of interest. But I think we never really didn’t feel like that’d be fast out of the blocks. What’s easier to do is if a new customers buying Windchill, we say, well would you like it SaaS and they say, sure, why not. So it’s a lot easier for us to get out of the blocks faster with new projects than with these lift and shifts. But the interest level, I assure you is quite high. And in fact, the growth rate in Windchill is strong overall, but it’s stronger you know as you would expect on a SaaS side than on the on-premise side.
Andrew Obin: Thanks a lot.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Blair Abernethy with Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead.
Blair Abernethy: Thanks very much. Good afternoon, gentlemen. Jim, I just wanted to maybe dig in a little more on the Digital Thread Growth that you sort of mentioned the IoT business and AR business, you know maybe not – not quite where you want them to be at. Can you just talk a little bit about what’s kind of happening in those end markets? And sort of what – you know what the competitive landscape is looking like for you guys these days?
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, sure. Blair. So yeah, I mean, I think all year you know we’ve over-performed in a long list of things. And there’s – and there’s one part of the business has a little bit underperformed, even though it’s growing at a rate that’s accretive to company growth. But that’s IoT and AR. And I think it’s really a – mostly a market issue, not a competitive issue. In fact, I’d say it’s not at all a competitive issue. There’s this factor that I call the hair-on-fire factor, which is a lot of this stuff is sold into environments that are in chaos right now. You know, if you run a factory, and we’re trying to tell you how we can make it more productive, you say, well, it’s shut down, because I don’t have any inventory. Or I’m in a lockdown mode or – or I have too much inventory or you know there’s just a lot of noise right now that, again, is competing for mindshare, and it’s not just competing for PTC’s mindshare, it’s competing for competitors’ mindshare too. So I’m unaware of anybody we compete with who has higher performance than we do in this environment. I think this environment will pass and we’ll get more momentum down the road. But meanwhile, what we said is, we have you know, we – we put our resourcing plans in place according to our growth plans. And the places that are surpassing that growth plan need more resources and the places that are behind I mean, honestly, we have too many resources stacked in there. So we’re just moving them around, it doesn’t mean we’re given up on anything we – we hope to get to and achieve this 20% growth rate, but I think as we look to next year, I think we feel like 20% would be a pretty good growth rate for next year. I’m not guiding to that here, but I’m just saying I don’t think the market supports more than 20% growth rate at this point in time, because of those hair-on-fire issues I’m talking about.
Blair Abernethy: Great, thanks for the color, Jim.
Operator: And our next question will come from Adam Borg with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe just to follow-up along just the Thread from the last question. So as you allocate these resources from IoT and AR and presumably to CAD and PLM, how do we think about the ramp from the sales and marketing perspective to get these guys productive? I’m assuming it’s a hell of a lot easier to be more productive given they already familiar with the technology and the company versus a brand new reps. I’d love to hear more about the productivity of those reps as – as you make that transition.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, for sure. I mean, I think it’s the absolute most effective and efficient way to bring more resources to bear, because these are people who are already in the PTC sales organization, they already know the management team, they already know the customers, we’re just saying, hey, sell this product instead of that one to the same people in many cases. Not in every case, but certainly to the same types of people in every case. So I think it’s quite – it’s quite an effective way to ramp new capacity. And meanwhile, I don’t see much risk on the IoT and AR side, because we have ample capacity left to keep up with the demand we see. We simply or have too much capacity to be frank in IoT and AR selling. And so we’re shifting that over putting a couple of different products in their big and send them back onto the playing field. So I think it’s – it’s smart. I think it’s going to work well. And I think there’s very little risk.
Adam Borg: Great, thanks so much.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yeah, okay. Thank you. Hello, Jim. Hello, Kristian. Jim, you alluded in your comments to share gain in your Core CAD and PLM businesses. And I think that’s a reasonable observation. In addition to which you noted the strength in ALM, at least with the acquisition. And if perhaps raises a larger question of how the technical software market is evolving yet again, perhaps moving beyond what has historically been very [technical difficulty] centric industry to increasingly now with a – I think it’s simulation-centric industry in terms of revenue and process. So you know if that evolution continues you know where the world becomes simulation-driven, plus CAD and PLM. You know how do you – how do you think that positions or leaves PTC in terms of you know your growth, your – your competitiveness, your resource allocation et cetera?
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. Well, I sort of agree with you, but I’m not sure I agree with every piece of it. But let me – let me just talk about a few of them. So first of all, on taking share. Clearly PTC you know, Dassault had their earnings report yesterday, and you can go line item by line item in the CAD and PLM world. And our results are better than theirs. I think the SolidWorks’ business grew 8% and our Velocity business grew 29%. If I remember correctly, the Enovia and Catia business grew 11% and ours grew 14%. So, certainly on a dollars basis, we’re taking share. Now, I’ve always attributed some of that to a better business model. So I think we’re monetizing customer relationships better. And we may be taking more wallet share than sheet share, but we’re certainly not given up any share. There’s just no math that would get you there. So I think we’re doing well. Now, is simulation important? Absolutely. But you know so too is PLM. I mean, I don’t know, do you know what simulation company that’s growing like our Windchill PLM business at 17%? I’m not really aware of one. So I think that PLM is a much more strategic product and then people have given a credit for it. It’s sort of the age of PLM right now. Now, it may also be the age of simulation. And you know we have a great simulation partner in ANSYS, fantastic partner. And you know when a customer says simulation is important, we say great, let me tell you about our best-in-class simulation capabilities built right into Creo that come from ANSYS. So you know I’m happy if the customer thinks simulation is important, but I but I think at least is frequently, they think PLM is important and ALM too. And that’s really our strong suit. We’re absolutely best-in-class at PLM, Vernon.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you, Jim.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you, Jay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And again, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question and rejoin queue for follow-up. Our next question will come from Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. You know, Jim, you brought up Dassault, but I think this topic has extended beyond just the strength a lot of your peers are seeing with the enterprise-type buyer and actually that type of account wanting to forge ahead if making new commitments and actually maybe pursuing things that are newer or more strategic you know cloud adoption has been coming up at the enterprise level. I’m just wondering is that true at PTC as well? And if this divergence was maybe happening, enterprise versus SMB? Does it cause PTC to maybe deviate some of the strategies that the company has been you know talking about and pursuing recently?
Jim Heppelmann: Well, first of all, I think, Joe, that your thesis is at least directionally correct, that there certainly is a lot of interest amongst the larger enterprises, in digital transformation and in cloud. And those are places where PTC is well positioned. And you know kind of historically, we’ve had more exposure to the enterprise market than to the SMB market. You know, Creo and Windchill kind of don’t have near the representation in the SMB market that other products have from say, you know, Dassault or – or Autodesk or whomever. Now, with – with our Velocity unit, that’s really an SMB business. And that’s doing pretty well. And I think that’s all cloud-driven. You know what I mean? That’s – that’s a subset of the market who says, I really want to go to cloud, and PTC’s Onshape and Arena Solutions are virtually unmatched for those types of customers. But I think in general, yeah, the enterprise market really is leaning into digital transformation. I think COVID was very helpful for this. And I think it’s most helpful to PLM, because you just really can’t have a hybrid workforce. If people working at home can’t find the data, they need to do their work today, and they can’t walk down the hall to talk to somebody, because they’re not in the building. And even if they were in the building, the person they want to talk to is not in the building. So you really need a system, a system of record, and a system of engagement to allow you to you know do your job from anywhere in the office today, from home tomorrow, whatever. And – and PLM is that system. So you know, Dassault’s PLM results are pretty good. And ours were even better. And I think that’s indicative of you know a market that’s pretty healthy, which I think was the basic thesis, you know of your question.
Joe Vruwink: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matt Swanson: Yeah, thanks. This is Matt Swanson on for Matt. Congratulations on the results for starters. And then another really strong guide, and in particular, the constant currency ARR. And that obviously accounts for FX. But you know as you mentioned, Jim, a lot of investor focus going into this earnings season was on the macro. And I think a lot of people are going to be surprised that there weren’t you know some greater demand headwinds from that macro. So can you just comment a little bit more on that environment? You know, it sounds like the hair-on-fire comments in IoT and AR, maybe that’s a little bit of macro, but you’re obviously overcoming it in a lot of other areas. So if you guys give us a little bit more color on that?
Jim Heppelmann: We are definitely overcoming it. And even with IoT and AR, we did see a nice acceleration in the quarter. So I think if you look at our bookings, they were up strong sequentially. They were up strong year-over-year. You know if I think ahead to our Q4 forecast that is very strong sequentially. It’s not up year-over-year, because as Kristian said, we have a monster comparison in the – in the prior year, but it’s up quite strong sequentially from quite a strong quarter this quarter. So, right now our forecast looks good. Now, Kristian, and I say okay, I mean, I hope it comes in like that. But you know, if it doesn’t, we’re prepared for that, too. And that’s a little bit why I took you through the business model and the margin programs and so forth, because we want to win no matter what happens. But so far, honestly, the news is all pretty good. It’s just we don’t want to be a Pollyanna here. And you know, say this downturns never going to touch us. I mean, maybe it will, and if it does, I tried to show you we’re ready for it.
Matt Swanson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Participant: Hi, Jim. Hi, Kristian. This is actually [Devine] [ph] on for Jason tonight. Thanks for taking our question. I want to ask about APAC, despite a lockdown there in certain area of the region, PTC still posted a pretty strong growth there, 16%. Just want to ask if there’s anything you can call out around sales cycle, any changes there or any sort of particular strength that you saw from a specific customers or product groups? Thank you.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. The strength, first of all was in our Core CAD and PLM business you know the so called Digital Thread Core, which is doing well everywhere. And we did see some, I mentioned this in the commentary, we did see some China lockdown issues, where you know companies just for whatever reason didn’t want to talk to us. But nonetheless, results were still good. You know we kind of had other good news to offset that. I think the key thing in China to know, if you don’t know this now is it’s now 5% of our business, 5% of our ARR. So we have very little exposure. It had previously been as high as I don’t know, 7% or 8%. But you know when President Trump was in the office, he went to war, as you know with our, let’s say, battle with our largest customer, which was Huawei. And by the time the dust settled on that, Huawei was Dassault’s customer. And you know because they pretty much got the message not to do business with American companies. And that hurt us in China, generally, all the – you know a large amount of the Chinese manufacturing market is state-owned. And having watched what Trump was doing with Huawei, an American suppliers like us that was not helpful. But you know good news is, we’re down to 5% exposure. And China’s not that material to PTC, which I actually feel kind of good about right now given you know, the – the scariness and the outlook of what might happen there in the coming years.
Operator: Our next question will come from Yun Kim with Loop Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jim Heppelmann: Hey, Yun.
Yun Kim: Hey. Hey, Jim and Kristian. Congrats on a strong quarter. Obviously from the results and the guide, your business is accelerating. Looks like the macro is not really impacting you guys as much. Given your strong product positioning and a large core customer – customer base that continues to increase their investments in your solutions. Can you just talk about how aggressively are you cross-selling your products, especially if you look down next couple of years with your Windchill+ migration plan you know, how aggressive do you plan to cross-sell your IoT, AR into your Core CAD and PLM install base? Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, well, Yun, those are good questions. So first on the specific question about cross-sell. I mean, that’s actually a pretty well developed muscle inside of PTC. You know, we built our PLM business largely by cross-selling from CAD and – and then other things we’ve sold have kind of been cross-sold from PLM. So definitely, we’re trying to make IoT and AR more focused on what we call the Digital Thread story, which is, it’s not only about solving problems with IoT, but it’s about solving problems with IoT using PLM data, which would include of course, CAD, digital markups and visualization and so forth. And then our Augmented Reality, of course, is a huge consumer of 3D data, because it trains its computer vision models against 3D, digital markup configurations, not to get too technical on you guys. But anyway, there’s a great cross-sell opportunity. It’s a – it’s a big, big focus. But you know, one thing I did want to say, your – your comment at the beginning said that our guide suggests we’re not that affected by the macro. I actually just want to say to all of our investors, you need to reconfigure your opinion of PTC a little bit, because we’re not a cyclical name anymore. And in fact, our guide, the low end of our guide contemplates a 30% decline in new sales in Q4. It’s just that our model is so resilient, that even a 30% decline in new sales still lands with 13% ARR growth. So like sometimes I read in a report that PTC is a cyclical name, and I say, show me a piece of data that supports that, because for five years, we’ve been steady as she goes, in good times and bad. And I just feel like we have a business model that’s underappreciated. And you know the worst that downturn is going to get, the bigger performance differential you’re going to see between us and people you compare us to you know particularly in our own industry here, because we’re – you know, our software’s 98% recurring, that’s substantially greater than ANSYS, than Dassault, than Siemens then basically any of the companies you might directly compare us against you know in the same market, let’s say.
Yun Kim: Okay, great. Thank you so much, Jim.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tyler Radke with Citi. Please go ahead.
Tyler Radke: Yeah, Hey, Jim. Hey, Kristian. Just wanted to follow-up on a couple of points. So first just on the price increase, just wanted to clarify that there was no tailwind to that in Q3. And then, you know, secondly, wanted to just hear how you know, customers so far are kind of taking that price increase if there’s you know, any – any pushback just given inflation concerns. And then finally for Kristian, as we think about free cash flow obviously you’ve been able to maintain and if not raised the guide for several quarters here despite currency headwinds, but – but obviously currency does impact ARR which – which drives free cash flow. So how are you just thinking about the cumulative currency impacts on – on your free cash flow targets and your ability to offset those either through slower hiring or you know other manners? Thank you.
Jim Heppelmann: Let – let me hit the first question and you can take the second one. So the first question was about, was there any pricing tailwind? Yeah, sure, but it just was not significant. So there was a little bit of pricing tailwind. But again to go back through the kind of calculations here, only a small amount of our book of business came up in Q3 for renewal and most of these contracts have pre-negotiated price increases that we would get, despite whatever level of inflation is out there. There is a minority that you can argue, we have rights to raise the prices higher, and then some are actually tied to CPI, but most of our contracts are actually pre-negotiated fixed – fixed price increases. So we’d get them no matter what the economy and the inflation was. And then again, on the new sales, it’s just that our sales cycles are longer than two months. And so when you put a quote in front of a customer and you raise the price, you can’t take that quote back and stick a more expensive quote in front of them, because they get kind of angry. If they don’t take that deal. Well, now you can raise it or when you go meet the next customer, you can go in with a higher quote. But it’s just that we didn’t have enough time to work that price increase through our sales cycle, to have it be meaningful to what happened you know in terms of new sales. So you know like for example, Pepsi raised the growth rate by two points, because they raised the price of potato chips, and you walk in the store and they’re more than they used to be and you pay it, but we’re not selling potato chips, we’re selling complex software that has multi-quarter sales cycles.
Kristian Talvitie: Okay, thanks. Hey, Tyler on the free cash flow. So, it – it – yes is a function of – of ARR as well as some other things, and also a function of timing. So as we think about free cash flow for the year you know, again, well over half of our – of our collections actually happened in the first half of the year when FX rates were much more favorable than they are right now. And as we think about you know the second half of the year, there are a number of dynamics that – that have contributed. One, we actually had ARR over-performance in the first half. Some of which shows up in you know, we’ll call it second half collection. So that also helps. That helps. We’ve had slower than anticipated hiring which is you know we’ll call it a cost offset which also helps on the – on the free cash flow generation. And then you know we’ve had modestly better perpetual license performance, Kepware is performing quite well, that’s really the only thing that – that’s left that we sell it even partially perpetual basis. So that – that’s been you know another – another tailwind. So, you net all those out and we’ve actually been able to outperform the free cash flow targets here now, three quarters in a row. And I think we have – you know we raised the – raised the outlook for Q4 and I think we have a good – good setup for that as well.
Tyler Radke: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our last question will come from Ken Wong with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Kristian Talvitie: Hello, Ken.
Ken Wong: Thanks for taking me in and [technical difficulty]. Just wanted to touch on FSG, I guess you know when you guys had a good performance previously, it seemed like a one-off and now this low single-digit business is going 9% organic, just wondering kind of what is the cause of that? Is it just ALM in there? Any color on FSG would be – would be fantastic.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. It’s a good question, Ken. Because we did set an expectation, low single-digit growth and now it’s kind of put along in pretty high single-digit growth. I think you know we’ve just seen better demand than we had anticipated. So for example, if you look at some of the building blocks, Servigistics is a service parts management software and they’re having a great year. And then there’s what we call, FlexPLM, which is a special version of Windchill that we sell to retail companies, big box stores and clothing and you know apparel and footwear companies. And win rates been good and the demand has been good. There’s Arbortext you know our technical documentation type of technology that does structured documents and automated publishing and so forth, and that’s performed well. So I think there’s actually some good demand and frankly, pretty good execution. The renewal rates in all cases have improved too. So that’s also helpful. So, I don’t know maybe – maybe we shouldn’t say that FSG will be able to perform in mid single-digits, you know post-Codebeamer when it’s already doing better than that pre-Codebeamer. But you know we’ll try not to get ahead of ourselves. We’re pleased with what’s going on and with Codebeamer in there, you know we’re pretty sure it’s going to be kind of mid single-digits at least going forward.
Ken Wong: Got it. Great, fantastic. Yeah, keep chugging along guys.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay, is that the last question? All right, so Matt’s given me the – give me the signal here. I just want to thank everybody for spending time with us today. Appreciate you know you hanging in there and we look forward to seeing you in 90 days, if not before. Hopefully the economy will kind of – the macro situation will stay as it has been and we’ll have some really great news for you and if not, you know, I think will be – will be okay anyway. So I look forward to seeing you and have a good evening.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: And that will conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the PTC's 2022 Second Quarter Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode, and following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Shimao, PTC's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matt Shimao: Good afternoon. Thank you Savannah and welcome to PTC's 2022 second quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast and a replay of the call will be available later today at www.ptc.com. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today's date April 27, 2022 and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in the quarters with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's, Chief Executive Officer, Jim Heppelmann.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks Matt. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. To simplify things, please note that throughout my commentary I will be discussing all growth rates in constant currency. Turning to slide 4. I'm pleased to share that PTC delivered another strong financial performance in fiscal Q2. All of our metrics came in above our guidance and the strength was broad-based across all segments and geographies. Of particular note, we saw organic ARR growth accelerate to 13% despite the self-inflicted churn caused by our decision to exit the Russian market. We ended Q2 with $1.56 billion of ARR. Bookings grew faster than ARR and renewals were very strong. We also continued our track record of translating top line growth into even better bottom line growth. In Q2 our adjusted free cash flow performance was strong at $158 million, up 22% year-over-year and ahead of our guidance. The non-GAAP operating margin of 42% in the quarter was the highest we've seen. The margin expansion strategies we outlined at our December Investor Day are generating the results we expected. Moving to slide 5. While we're monitoring the global macro and geopolitical situation carefully, we continue to see strong global demand environment for our offerings. Driving digital transformation across the product life cycle remains an important priority for our customers. Bookings were up mid-teens year-over-year and the strength was broad-based. Growth was strong in both digital thread and velocity and across all three geographies. Q2 was the sixth consecutive quarter that bookings have grown faster than ARR, which together with improving renewal rates, creates an acceleration bias for ARR growth. To help you understand the resilience of PTC as you think about any potential macro volatility that may lie ahead, I'd like to expand on our business model dynamics, to ensure you appreciate why our business model provides us with confidence in our ability to achieve our financial targets in the back half of the year. Let's take a look at slide 6. On the left-hand side of the slide, you can see that the 13% ARR growth we delivered in Q2 was based, not just on Q2 performance but also on the momentum we built over the previous three quarters as well. ARR growth is a rolling four-quarter metric. So when we say ARR grew 13% in the second quarter, we mean the entire book of recurring business is now 13% larger than it was at this time last year. While this rolling dynamic dampens the impact of bookings in any single quarter, such as the strong results in Q2, it also provides the foundation of stability and resiliency for the company. Remember that, so long as bookings exceed churn ARR will grow. Bookings currently exceed churn by a wide margin. To help you run your own scenarios, let me simplify the math, by giving you some big round directional numbers to work with. Let's say PTC has around $1.5 billion, in ARR. And on a run rate basis, we're adding $300 million in annual bookings, while seeing $100 million in annual churn. Over the next year the $1.5 billion of ARR would step up by $300 million and stepped down by $100 million to grow to $1.7 billion, which is 13% growth. That's consistent with our run rate performance. Note that, because PTC provides sticky enterprise software, our history in 2009 and again in 2020, shows renewals remain steady through a macro downturn. To better understand the sensitivity then of ARR to macro changes, let's start with a hypothetical scenario where bookings stopped growing and remained flat indefinitely at $300 million. In that case, with churn being steady, ARR would experience double-digit growth for several years and high-single digit for several more years after that. If you're concerned about a downturn in Europe which represents 40% of our business, you could create an alternate model where 40% of our bookings declined by 25% for two quarters and then bounced back, in which case we'd still deliver 12% ARR growth over the forthcoming year. If you want to run a more draconian global macro downturn scenario, you could model a 25% reduction across all bookings for the next four quarters, in which case you still get 8% ARR growth over the next year. Frankly no matter what scenarios you might model, you'll consistently see that PTC has a very resilient business. Keep in mind that those were hypothetical examples, because the actual results are considerably better. When bookings grow faster than ARR, as we've seen quarterly since the COVID rebound, it creates an acceleration effect for ARR. Improvement in renewal rates, which we've also been seeing are helpful as well. PTC is experiencing the benefit of these dual acceleration effects right now, which is why we're raising our ARR guidance for the full year. In summary, while the company is in position to accelerate ARR growth assuming conditions remain as they have been, we're also in good position to power through any potential macro slowdown with strong results, as we did in 2020, when bookings design declined sharply for several quarters due to the pandemic before rebounding again. PTC's FY 2020 ARR growth of 11% compared very favorably to our more cyclical industry peers, who don't have the same recurring business model. Some of whom even experienced top line declines in their comparable business lines. The takeaway from this discussion is that our subscription model, which took us years of hard work to put in place is a wonderful thing, and it will keep PTC in a growth leadership position in our industry for years to come. Moving on, let's take a quick look at our Q2 ARR performance by geography on Slide 7 before turning to our business units. In Q2, we saw strong ARR growth across all geographies. Our ARR growth in Americas was 12%. All product segments grew with the main growth drivers being continued strength in our core PLM and CAD segments and another strong contribution from our Velocity business. In Europe, our ARR growth was 15% despite the Russia exit. We saw strong results across the board in Europe with growth primarily driven by our core PLM and CAD businesses and strong growth in the IoT and AR segment. In addition, our velocity and FSG businesses delivered solid growth in Europe in Q2. Europe has the largest mix of channel versus direct and the resellers continue to perform well. I know that investors are concerned about exposure to Europe and the macro environment there, so I'd like to reiterate that: first, we're continuing to see strong bookings performance in Europe; and second, as I've demonstrated quantitatively, our model is highly resilient. Our ARR growth in APAC was 14% with our core CAD and PLM businesses again being the main drivers. Next, let's look at the ARR performance of our business units starting with digital thread on Slide 8. In our largest product segment, Digital Thread Core, we delivered another double-digit growth performance in Q2 with 13% growth. Within this, CAD grew low double digits, while PLM grew mid-teens. Bookings grew faster in each case, reflecting on Q2 across the now 18 consecutive quarters of double-digit ARR growth that we've seen in the core CAD and PLM business. This was the best performance yet, which I attribute to a combination of strong demand for digital transformation, best-in-class sticky solutions sold in the recurring revenue model with low churn rights and the growth tailwinds from our SaaS initiatives. In our core business, our solutions are very strategic and we're executing well and taking market share. You may have noted, we also launched Windchill+ during the quarter, which is our next-generation differentiated core SaaS PLM solution. Windchill+ contains the technology and operational improvements that enable higher profitability and is now becoming our lead Windchill sales play. Windchill+ is just the tip of the iceberg of a bigger plus strategy. And you'll see us follow with Creo Plus and similar premium SaaS offerings in FY 2023 and beyond. In Digital Thread, growth we saw ARR growth of 15%. While the sequential acceleration was modest, we made good operational progress and remain on track to get growth to a two handle by the end of the year. Following the launch of our new ThingWorx Digital Performance Management Solution, which we abbreviate as DPM, in Q2, we landed our first nine deals across various different industries, including aerospace and defense, high-tech, automotive and food and beverage. Though these were started deals, average initial deal size was six figures. Rockwell brought in several of these DPM deals and the DPM pipeline for both companies looks good going into the back half of the year. FSG had a great Q2 with 8% ARR growth. Servigistics retail PLM and Arbortext all performed well, helping to drive solid results in terms of renewals and churn. Growth was particularly strong in the Americas and Europe. With FSG, our strategy is to keep delivering value to customers by having dedicated focus on each of these products. And I'm pleased to see that strategy produced another strong quarter. Before I turn to our Velocity business unit, let me run through a couple of quick customer stories that will give you a taste of how customers are leveraging our digital transformation capabilities. I'll start with Bosch on slide nine. Bosch is a massive global supplier of technologies and services. With 400,000 employees, including 75,000 engineers, a key challenge for Bosch is how to drive end-to-end digital transformation at scale. Bosch is leveraging their Windchill PLM system as a backbone in combination with Creo and ThingWorx to enable new and improved workflows. This specific example is about Bosch using model-based design capabilities of Creo Windchill. By moving beyond the world of 2D drawings and leveraging enhanced 3D Creo data across engineering, manufacturing and inspection processes, Bosch is driving improved productivity and bringing products to market faster. Next, on slide 10, Cummins is the world's largest independent diesel and gas engine manufacturer and an interesting ESG story that we help enable. Cummins has long made it a company goal to reduce their environmental impact and digital transformation is a critical part of their journey. By using generative design and ANSYS-powered simulation upfront in their Creo-based design process, Cummins has been able to reduce material usage, create better products and accelerate time to market. Turning to the Velocity business on slide 11. Year-over-year, ARR growth for our Velocity segment was 27% in Q2, with both Onshape and Arena growing multiple times faster than the market, which demonstrates there's a distinct and vibrant segment of the CAD and PLM market that prioritize SaaS and agile product development as their number one buying criteria. With Onshape and Arena, PTC has a unique ability to serve this market segment and we're continuing to ramp both our Velocity product and go-to-market investments. Let's move to slide 12 where I'd like to take you through a Velocity example showing how Arena is empowering Filtronics global team to deliver innovative products faster. Filtronic is using Arena's SaaS PLM solution to control product design and supporting documentation and to enable collaboration across globally-distributed teams. The benefits of providing complete visibility into critical product and quality processes are significant. For example, engineering change cycle time was cut by 50% and the issue resolution time has been cut in half as well. Turning to slide 13. We announced two transactions last week and I'd like to recap both and provide some additional context. First we announced an agreement to acquire Intland Software, a next-generation application life cycle management or ALM company for $280 million. For background, PTC entered the ALM market a decade ago, when we acquired MKS and their integrity suite. ALM has become an important and well-established offering within PTC's portfolio and is sold both standalone and as a key subsystem of our Windchill PLM offering. The Codebeamer family of software products from Intland is a next-generation ALM suite that's fast becoming the new standard in safety critical and regulated industries, especially in the large automotive industries where products are increasingly differentiated by the software. Bringing Codebeamer into our ALM suite will bolster both ALM and PLM growth potential by significantly increasing our product strength and market momentum. Intland is a great company who matches their strong product with strong growth and surprisingly good profitability for their size. We expect to achieve both revenue and cost synergies with this acquisition. When it closes, the acquisition is expected to add roughly a percentage point of inorganic growth to our FY 2022 ARR results. Intland will join our existing ALM unit, so Codebeamer ARR will be reported as part of our FSG segment. We expect this acquisition will increase the growth rates of FSG going forward which we now expect to be consistently growing in the mid-single-digit range. Second, we announced an agreement to sell a portion of our professional services business to long-time partner ITC Infotech to further power our SaaS strategy. This moves a continuation of a long-term strategy we've been executing to focus PTC's efforts on high-margin software, while we look to a partner ecosystem to deliver the professional services that unlock the value of that software in the customer setting. As we ramp up the SaaS initiatives we described at our December Investor Day, a key component of the program is the lift and shift efforts required to move on-premise customer deployments into our SaaS cloud. With a large installed base, we're looking at the need for potentially thousands of services projects in the coming years. These are projects where PTC needs to play a direct role because at the end of each project we will be taking ownership of the running system and carrying it forward. Rather than put our own professional services organization back on to a growth vector as we scale up to perform these projects, we're instead planning to transition some of our key PLM talent into a new ITCI unit called DxPServices, thereby allowing the lift and ship capacity to scale on ITC's P&L rather than ours. This new DxPServices unit will be our partner to run joint lift and ship projects with DXP doing the upgrade and de customization work that happens at the customer site and PTC assuming the resulting system into our centralized SaaS operations. This is a professional services transaction so it has no bearing on ARR. Kristian will comment further on the expected financial impact of these two transactions. We expect both will close in Q3. To wrap-up then on slide 14, I'm very pleased with PTC's position and the opportunity that lies ahead. Our portfolio of products is unique and compelling and it aligns well to customer demand. Throughout the first half of FY 2022, bookings and renewals have been strong and growth is accelerating as we enter the second half of what will be our fifth consecutive year of double-digit ARR growth. We're poised to further accelerate growth as SaaS tailwinds blow harder in the coming quarters and as we gain momentum with DPM and other IoT and ARR initiatives. Our profitability continues to expand following the changes we implemented at the start of the year and as our start-up businesses continue to mature up in J curves. Our model has proven to be highly resilient even in the face of a slowdown like during the pandemic in 2020. We're raising our guidance for the second quarter in a row and I think the company has never been in a better position to create shareholder value. With that, I'll turn it over to Kristian for more details on the financial results. Kristian?
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I review our results, I'd like to note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance and ARR references will be in both constant currency and as reported. Turning to Slide 16. At the end of Q2, our constant currency ARR was $1.564 billion, up 13% year-over-year. Our SaaS businesses in both the digital thread and Velocity business groups saw continued solid ARR growth in Q2 and represented a larger mix of our overall business both year-over-year and sequentially. We delivered above the ARR guidance range we provided for Q2, which was for constant currency ARR of $1.54 billion to $1.55 billion. On an as-reported basis, year-over-year ARR growth was 11%. Foreign exchange was a $32 million headwind and our as reported ARR in Q2 was $1.532 billion. In March, following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, we announced that we would discontinue business operations and sales in Russia. Exiting Russia had a $4 million adverse impact on our Q2 ARR. We've accounted for the $4 million impact as churn in Q2. Cash from operations of $142 million in Q2 was in line with our guidance. Considering the $32 million foreign exchange headwind to ARR, this was a strong outcome reflecting expected seasonality and another quarter of solid collections performance. In Q2, free cash flow of $140 million grew 21% year-over-year and included $18 million in restructuring and other related payments. Adjusted free cash flow was $158 million, up 22% year-on-year. Free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow were both ahead of our guidance due to strong cash from operations and also because CapEx in Q2 came in slightly lower than we had anticipated. The main takeaway on cash flow is that despite the headwinds related to foreign exchange, we've been executing well and delivering on our targets. Q2 revenue of $505 million increased 9% year-over-year. As we've discussed previously revenue is impacted by ASC 606. So we don't believe that revenue growth rates are the best indicator of our underlying business performance, but would rather guide you to ARR as the best metric to understand our top line performance and cash generation. FX impacted revenue by about $6 million in Q2 and our revenue on a constant currency basis was $511 million. Before I move on to the balance sheet, I'd like to provide some color on our non-GAAP operating margin which expanded to 42% in Q2 as Jim noted earlier. This compares to 37% a year ago. Revenue is impacted by ASC 606. So other derivative metrics such as gross margin, operating margin and EPS are all impacted as well. Still, it's worth mentioning that our costs in Q2 benefited from the restructuring we announced in Q4. Six months ago we set an expectation that we would be eliminating some duplicative functions in our field organization and that our operating expense mix would shift towards R&D in alignment with our SaaS acceleration strategy. You can see the progress we've made in our Q2 results. We now have a more optimized operating structure. And we believe the improvements we've driven are sustainable and will enable us to deliver non-GAAP operating margin for fiscal 2022 roughly in line with our year-to-date performance. Moving to Slide 17. We ended Q2 with cash and cash equivalents of $307 million. Our gross debt was $1.28 billion with an aggregate interest rate of about 3.4%. During the second quarter, we generated cash proceeds of $43 million through the sale of our equity investment in Matterport. This in conjunction with cash from operations we used to pay down $175 million on our revolving credit facility in the second quarter. Regarding our share repurchase program as we communicated last quarter, we've completed our planned repurchases for fiscal 2022 with $5 million settling in Q2. And for the remainder of the year we'll focus on delevering. Looking forward to fiscal 2023 and on a go-forward basis assuming our debt-to-EBITDA ratio remains below three times. Our goal is to return approximately 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders via share repurchases. Next Slide 18 shows our ARR by product group. We post a set of financial data tables to our IR website that has our financial statements as well as ARR details. In that file we share both constant currency and as-reported ARR. As a reminder, when we calculate constant currency figures, we use our current year plan FX rates for all periods. Our fiscal 2022 plan FX rates are based on foreign exchange rates as of September 30, 2021. We're using these rates to calculate constant currency figures for all quarters in fiscal 2022 and for all prior periods as well. To illustrate, you can see on the slide that we expect to report –– we expect as reported ARR to be lower than constant currency ARR for Q3 and fiscal 2022. This is because of the FX headwinds and rate movements which have moved significantly since September 30, 2021. Based on the exchange rates at the end of Q2, we expect as reported ARR for Q3 to be impacted by $32 million. And for fiscal 2022, we expect the FX headwind to be approximately $34 million. This is important to remember in context of our guidance because we provide ARR on a constant currency basis. And if the exchange rates fluctuate significantly between now and the end of Q3, the expected impact to our reported ARR would also change. We do believe constant currency is the best way to evaluate the top line performance of our business because it removes foreign exchange fluctuations from the analysis positive or negative. With that I'll move on to guidance on Slide 19. We're raising our fiscal 2022 constant currency ARR guidance, based on our strong performance in the first half and despite our exit from Russia. The new range is now $1.64 billion to $1.665 billion, which translates to constant currency ARR growth of 12% to 13% for fiscal 2022. For Q3, we're guiding constant currency ARR to be $1.58 billion to $1.595 billion. At the midpoint this equates to 13% constant currency growth. We continue to expect IoT and AR to reach ARR growth of 20% or more by the end of the year. And our FSG and Velocity businesses continue to do very well in the market. That all said the main driver of our fiscal 2022 ARR guidance raise is the strong customer demand we're seeing in our core CAD and PLM offerings, which represented 70% of our ARR in Q2. We're maintaining guidance for fiscal 2022 cash from operations at approximately $430 million as our strong execution and operational discipline are helping us to offset FX headwinds and the Russia exit. Our guidance for Q3 cash from operations is approximately $110 million. We've updated our CapEx guidance for fiscal 2022 to approximately $25 million, which is down from about $30 million that we set at the beginning of the year. And we're expecting approximately $5 million of CapEx spend for Q3. Therefore, we're raising our full year free to cash flow target to approximately $405 million and guiding for Q3 free cash flow of approximately $105 million. We continue to expect our normal seasonal pattern in our fiscal 2022 cash flow generation primarily driven by invoicing seasonality. The majority of our collections occur in the first half of our fiscal year and we continue to expect expenses to increase in the second half fiscal 2022 as we ramp hiring in our SaaS investments because of these dynamics Q4 is expected to be our lowest cash flow generation quarter. Our free cash flow guidance for fiscal 2022, includes $40 million to $45 million of restructuring payments compared to our expectation a quarter ago of $45 million to $50 million as some employees have otherwise departed at PTC and some employees that were expected to depart have moved into new roles where we've been looking at. Both of these are good things. We have less restructuring payments and have been able fill new open roles with good people in a challenging hiring environment. In addition, our fiscal 2022 guidance assumes approximately $5 million of transaction-related payments that were incurred in the first half of fiscal 2022. Therefore consistent with raising our free cash flow guidance, we're also raising our adjusted free cash flow target to approximately $455 million. For Q3, we expect approximately $10 million of restructuring payments and approximately $5 million of transaction-related payments which were incurred in the first half bringing our adjusted free cash flow to approximately $120 million. Moving on to revenue. Despite foreign exchange headwinds and our Russia exit, we're taking the low end of our full year revenue guidance up by $25 million based on our Q2 beat and forecast for the remainder of fiscal 2022. So our new revenue guidance range is $1.905 billion to $1.975 billion. The year-over-year growth we're guiding to now is 5% to 9%. ASC 606 makes revenue difficult to predict for an on-premise subscription company hence the wide range. Note revenue does not influence ARR or cash generation as we typically bill customers annually upfront regardless of contract term lengths. Turning to Slide 20. Jim provided some highlights earlier in terms of the financial impact we expect from the Intland Software and ITC Infotech transactions we announced last week. While both transactions are expected to close during Q3, we have not incorporated the expected financial impacts to our guidance because these deals haven't closed yet. We will officially update all financial metrics and guidance when we report our Q3 earnings.  In the meantime, directionally for constant currency ARR we expect these transactions to have a positive impact of approximately $15 million in fiscal '22. We will report Intland in our FSG product group along with our other ALM assets. And regarding free cash flow, we expect the transactions to have an immaterial impact to free cash flow in fiscal '22 as incremental operational cash flows are expected to offset the incremental transaction-related fees and increased interest expense in the second half. And we expect these transactions to be accretive in fiscal '23. Going forward as Jim explained, we expect these two deals to help us drive the adoption of our SaaS offerings. And over time ITC -- the ITC Infotech transaction is expected to result in lower professional services revenue, but not expected to have a material impact on our profitability. Again, we'll provide a lot more detail at Q3 when we report our results and update all guidance metrics at that point. I'll close out my prepared remarks today by taking you through an illustrative constant currency ARR model on Slide 21. Here we're showing our ARR progression over the past six quarters and an illustration of what is needed to get to the midpoint of our constant currency ARR guidance for Q3 and fiscal '22. First of all, recall that in Q2 of fiscal 2021 our ARR growth benefited due to the acquisition of Arena. So taking that into consideration, in the first half of fiscal '22 we added approximately $25 million more ARR on an organic basis compared to the first half of fiscal 2021. Next calling your attention to the green box. This model shows targeted ending ARR at $1.588 billion for Q3 and $1.653 billion for Q4 both at the midpoint of our guidance ranges. The illustration shows a sequential ARR that's needed in Q3 and Q4 to hit the guidance midpoints. As you can see in the second half of fiscal '22, we need to add about the same amount of new ACV as we did in the second half of fiscal 2021 in order to hit the mid point of constant currency guidance. We believe we're well positioned to do that, even given some of the macro concerns and noting that we also have more deferred ARR starting in the second half of fiscal ’22 that we did in fiscal ’21. So hopefully that's helpful and with that we'll turn it over to the operator and begin Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead. 
Joe Vruwink: Hey, thanks. Hi everyone. I guess I'll start with a question on macro and obviously I appreciate the backdrop as dynamic and your model at this point is built to a stand but withstand a lot of what I'm about to ask. But can you maybe just contrast how customers are maybe talking to you about strategic investments and some of your more complex implementation areas like PLM or IoT. Maybe contrast how this is different today than it would have been in mid-2020 or other periods that maybe have parallels to the past? And does it seem like customers are kind of separating strategic from the macro appreciating that the things they're committing to today do have longer-term benefits. And so that just kind of scope of conversation is different than it has been in the past?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean absolutely Joe, Jim here. Keep in mind that PTC is really helping customers plan and engineer and plan the production processes for products. We're not helping them to actually by and large we're not helping them much to produce the product. So the supply chain problems really are production problems. And if you're having production problems, most companies don't see that as a reason to stop planning the next generation of products because suddenly a production problem will be solved at some point. And then you'll be competing for who has the best next-generation product and I hope you didn't take the year off. So we don't really see any connection. And frankly, we didn't see much connection in 2020 either in that particular way. So I think the pandemic in 2020, put a lot of momentum into digital transformation. People realize you can't execute a hybrid work for us for example, without a system of record for product data. It just doesn't work. So that momentum is carrying through and people are forging ahead with their strategies to implement for example PLM and CAD to advance their digital transformation initiative even if their factories are idle because they're waiting on semiconductors or in some cases wire harnesses that used to come from Ukraine and all that type of stuff. So actually I was in Germany, in the last week of the quarter. And the customers I talked to were full speed ahead as it related to the PTC project. And we mentioned that we had a very strong bookings quarter in Europe. And again that's net of a fairly if you put all that churn from Russia in Europe it's material. It's like probably a point of growth I'm just in for Europe. So I think we're doing well and sort of feel like actually conditions look pretty good. And at the same time we can withstand a lot and still really deliver some impressive growth and free cash flow numbers.
Joe Vruwink : Okay. That's great. One follow-up just on how your approach to the Windchill transition to SaaS might be evolving just as you publicly announced that now have had a chance to have conversations. It seems like a lot of your peers are talking about six up their own cloud migration efforts one specifically said things have accelerated recently. I'm just wondering if you're kind of getting the inkling that that could play out for PTC as you're dedicated to Windchill this point onwards? 
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. If you go back to our Investor Day I'll remind you that we really feel like we're starting the third phase of our SaaS project. And the Windchill part of it started back in the first phase. So for us we've had a lot of success with cloud. And it's one of the growth drivers for Windchill. It has been over the last 18 quarters. I think the difference is, we didn't like the profitability of the cloud part of the Windchill cloud business as we used to do it. So this Windchill+ is really our shift to the multi-tenant model, which to the customer doesn't look much different. But to PTC it looks quite a bit different and produces quite a different outcome in terms of profitability. So, I think, customers like the Windchill in the cloud before. They still like Windchill in the cloud, because PTC likes Windchill in the cloud better now. And that's causing us to open the floodgates a little more, because it's a more attractive business for us now.
Joseph Vruwink: Great. Thank you very much.
Jim Heppelmann: Next question.
Operator: Our next question Adam Borg with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jim Heppelmann: Hello, Adam.
Adam Borg: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe just on IoT and AR, you talked about it last quarter and even in the slide deck today you talked about a continued focus on upselling and cross-selling the installed base. I love an update here on kind of what you're thinking about just the strategy going forward for upsells and cross-sells, as well as what -- just remind us of the synergies to customers in terms of combining PTC's core CAD and PLM with your IoT and ARR? Thanks, again.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, the key thing -- let's focus mostly on IoT, because it's much larger. The key thing is there's two key use cases for IoT -- three key use cases actually. One is smart connected products, which are the products you manufacture. The second one is smart connected factories or we call it, smart connected operations. That's the products you buy and operate in your factories. And then the third one is, really this Navigate strategy of bringing in information from a lot of different systems, kind of, an environment that just makes lightweight users more productive and so forth. But anyway, all of our discrete manufacturers produce products and they all operate factories. So what we really said is, for efficiency reasons and success reasons, all that stuff, we ought to focus on selling to our customer base with more veracity than just selling to anybody. And so Troy Richardson put in place a stronger focus on cross-sell. And we're starting to see some, let's say, green shoots, particularly in DPM, Rockwell sold through the Rockwell base, but all the deals we sold really came from the customer base in PTC. That's good. And we think there's something there. So, keep in mind, when we think about IoT and AR in Q3 and Q4, there's a couple of things I want to point out. First of all ARR is a rolling four-quarter metric. So three of the four data points that say what's going to happen in Q3 are already in. And two of the four data points that say what's going to happen in Q4 are already in. So we have some visibility. But now, what we -- what the rest of it hinges on is, bookings churn and backlog or deferred ARR. And so, we're looking at all this stuff. We look at the pipeline, we look at the forecast. We try to estimate bookings. And we don't have a crystal ball. And sometimes we're not perfectly right. But anyway, we have a read on what we think churn will be and that's what we're looking at. And we're confident that that's going to get us to that two handle by the end of the year.
Adam Borg: That's great. And maybe just as a very quick follow-up. It's great to hear the early success on DPM and just on the Rockwell partnership as well and seeing some success there. Maybe just two seconds on the state of the union on where we are with Rockwell overall. Thanks, again.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Well, coincidentally Scott Genereux, the Chief Revenue Officer from Rockwell happened to be at PTC today, so I had lunch with him and we talked it over. And the truth is, DPM is a better fit for Rockwell than is ThingWorx as a platform, an IoT platform. And -- so, Rockwell is leaning in and their consulting arm Calypso is really leaning in and PTC is leaning in. So I think there's some promising again green shoots there. We were pleased to see Rockwell participate in DPM success right from the start. And I think, it gives us a better foundation, if you will to build success. It's a better fit for what both PTC and Rockwell are capable of. We're both solution providers. This is a solution versus a platform.
Adam Borg: Excellent. Thanks again.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jim Heppelmann: Hi Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Hi, Jim, Kristian how are you? Jim, starting with you on the Intland acquisition, could you contrast the rationale for that acquisition and the addressable market from that acquisition as compared with the rationales you spoke of 11 years ago almost at a day when you bought MKS, which ultimately became a relatively small part of the business. So what's different now in terms of let's say an ALM arms race that makes Intland genuinely compelling and perhaps put it in the context of the overall closed-loop life cycle management strategy. And then secondly for you Kristian by the end of the fiscal year when you net out the effects of the restructuring particularly in the field, minus a service headcount with the ITC transaction, the add back from Intland, where do you think your headcount ultimately lands at the end of the fiscal year?
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. I'll take the first one on Intland versus Integrity. I mean Jay it is fundamentally the same story. And I think we've had reasonable success with the Integrity product. But we had some challenges with the Integrity product that I think are fixed in this next-generation Codebeamer offering. Keep in mind that ALM is both a business by itself and it's a key subsystem of our PLM system, which therefore means it fuels our PLM success as well. But when I look at Integrity versus COVID there's a couple of things that stand out. Number one is SaaS. We didn't have a SaaS solution. We didn't have a path to a SaaS solution with integrity. It's much older technology. That's one thing. The second thing is Integrity had its own built-in source code management tools. And the entire development community has really shifted to tools like GitHub and so forth. It's very, very hard to sell against things like GitHub, which amongst other things tend to be free. So it turns out that the Codebeamer is designed to work with all these other modern tools out there. And then the third thing is Codebeamer is really viewed as a sexy, best-in-class user experience all that kind of stuff. So we're really with Codebeamer leapfrogging far ahead of where we were with Integrity, leapfrogging the competition and we now have an offering that allows us to go back on the offense, back into automotive companies, back into medical device companies, aerospace and defense companies, inning where people put safety critical or regulated software into products. The thing in an automobile setting and this is what I would have said 10 years ago is you got to manage the software very carefully in the context of the automobile. You have a set of requirements for a new automobile. Many of those requirements get implemented into mechanical systems, but a bunch of them and more every day get implemented into software. And a bug in the software is as bad or even worse than a failure in a mechanical part. And so this deep concern by these automotive companies and then there's regulations around it that says if anybody in the supply chain changes the line of code. You need to know, which line of code they change. You need to know why they changed it and you need to have a test approved they didn't break anything. And so it's a very, very difficult software management environment that frankly doesn't apply to a software company like PTC. We don't have any mechanical parts. So it's us, it's just software, but they're a software in the context of a physical product managed in CAD and PLM and that all needs to be integrated back together. So basically Intland is a next-generation leapfrog move within our ALM and PLM strategies. Kristian?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Hey, Jay. Given all the moving parts and it's obviously difficult to pinpoint precisely, but I'd say we're probably somewhere in the 6,700 range.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Okay. So headcount would probably end up being flat net by the end of the fiscal year, but on a larger base of revenue.
Kristian Talvitie : Should be -- do you mean flat year-over-year?
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Right, right. Because you ended fiscal 2021 at 6,700, so that's where you think you'll end up, but you'll be a bigger company in terms of revenue. 
Kristian Talvitie : Yes, that's right. And I mean I'm also trying to factor in the somewhat challenging hiring environment. If possible we'd like to see that we could say 6,700 to 6,800. I'm just trying to be pragmatic.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Right.
Jim Heppelmann : Yes. I mean, Jay, you look at this data, you know we have a lot of positions open on one hand. We have attrition on another hand and then we're spending some employees out through this transaction. So it is a little hard to net those out, because it's difficult to pin down attrition and pin down hiring success. But headcount won't go up dramatically here in the context of all that, it will probably be flattish. I mean, as a reasonable approximation. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Okay. Great. Thank you, both.
Operator: Our next question will come from Yun Kim with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Yun Kim: Great. Thank you.
Jim Heppelmann: Hey, Yun.
Yun Kim: Jim -- hey, Jim. Hey. You expect the amount of professional services work to increase as part of the Windchill+ adoption over the next several years. Obviously, you are taking advantage of that opportunity and offloading some of the professional services business to partners and whatnot and your transaction with ITC illustrate that. But given the tight IT labor market out there, do you feel comfortable that you have enough professional services capacity to meet the potential demand for the - around the Windchill+ lift and ship adoption that you expect over the next several years? And overall, if you can just revisit the state of your partner ecosystem around implementation and deployment capacity? And if you have any kind of investments that you're making beyond this transaction you announced today?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. So I think we have tremendous scalability in ecosystem. But just for the benefit of everybody, let's turn the clock back a little bit. If you go back 10 years about a third of our revenue was services. And now it's 9% going to, I don't know, 6% or so as a result of this transaction. And what happened over those years in our quest for margins, which was very successful, we said, let's stop chasing services. Let's give it to the ecosystem. The ecosystem took that differential from us and added 10 times that on their own. So literally the ecosystem is doing billions of dollars of services around our stuff. It's not a one partner. It's in many, many, many partners. With some of them having names like Accenture and Deloitte and Cognos and not Cognos, Cognizant and Calypso and on and on and on many having smaller firms you never heard of. So there's a lot of capacity out there. The thing is these projects we can't just give to a partner, because in the end we're taking the systems into our running system. It has to be done very carefully. We have for many, many years subcontracted work to ITCI. We could have subcontracted these projects to ITCI, but I said, I don't really want that in our P&L, because subcontracted projects tend to have even less margin than projects we do with our own employees, of course, there's two margins there. So rather than build up a subcontracting business, because we didn't really want to go hire all those people, we just entered into this arrangement. It's a great win-win-win. ITCI is happy to grow the services business. That's the business they're in. By the way, they're fundamentally an Indian company. So they have a deep reservoir of access to lower-cost labor in India and that – a lot of these projects will end up being done in India with their Indian capacity. And it will give us the talent, because we're seeding DxP with the best in the industry which are PTC's own services employees. So DxP could have been a joint venture or something like that, could have been a subcontracting approach. We just said, you know, what we're a software company. We want to be high margin, high-growth software, let's PTC focus on that and this is a good way to solve that lift and ship service to pave new problem.
Yun Kim: Okay. Great. And then just a quick question, I don't think anybody asked yet, but Jim what is your expectation regarding the Windchill+ adoption at least the – over the next several quarters in terms of the pace of the adoption?
Jim Heppelmann: Well, we've been doing a lot of adoption of Windchill in the cloud that phase one offering. So we're just going to pivot that to Windchill+ now. Windchill+ by the way, so is not just Windchill in the cloud. It's Windchill+ a bunch of things plus cloud plus all the Atlas benefits plus single sign-in across the suite plus our workflow engine, our BPM workflow engine, plus our visualization in the cloud capabilities. So we're really trying to create a differentiated offering in part to help justify the higher price point, but also to make it more attractive to go to the cloud. Just for fun I tell people think of like a first class seat then in an airplane versus a coach seat. It isn't just at the seats bigger. And you wouldn't want somebody to say, well, I want to sit in coach but have a bigger seat at a lower price point. That's sort of like saying could I have a system integrator put my Windchill system into cloud for me? So what we're doing is offering a bundle of things. It's a bigger seat. It's a bigger TV, it's better food. You get to board first. You got plenty of room for your luggage, quicker access to the restroom. I mean, all those stuff that would be associated with a first-class seat and can't be unbundled and bought off a Chinese menu. So that's really what we're doing with Windchill+ and then we're going to follow the same strategy with the rest of the products as we're ready.
Yun Kim: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. Thank you, Yun.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason Celino with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for fitting me in. When I think about PTC's main segments on the SaaS acquisitions that we've seen over the last few years, we saw in Shape for CAD arena for PLM and no influence for ALM. What other areas may PTC need to upgrade via make or buy for SaaS?
Jim Heppelmann: Well, keep in mind, there's a difference between things we have to do and being opportunistic when you find a really great company that's profitable and all that kind of stuff. I think that, the main basis of CAD and PLM are covered. And then our IoT and AR stuff is already quite savvy. About half of AR is sold as SaaS and more than half of -- I'm sorry about half of IoT is sold as SaaS and more than half of AR. You might remember, we announced the AR capabilities available on the Atlas platform some time ago. So I think – I don't think we need to acquire anything, there's no gaping holes. Probably integrity was the last important hole that we wanted to fill. And I don't think we would have bought Intland if it weren't such a strong company. It's disruptive in the market. It's growing fast, and it's highly profitable. And that allows us to bring it in, in a short-term free cash flow neutral, mid and long-term free cash flow accretive kind of way, which works for us. So, that's how we think about it, more strategic and opportunistic as opposed to its time to acquire something, what should we go get next?
Matt Shimao: And Savannah, we'll take our final question for today.
Operator: And our final question will come from Matt Broome with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Jim Heppelmann: Hey, Matt.
Kristian Talvitie: Hey, Matt.
Matt Broome: Hey, Jim and Kristian. Thanks for -- thanks following me up a question. I guess where are you in terms of expanding tape and arena sort of go-to-market activity across your reseller channel globally. And does that become easier now that SaaS is sort of going more mainstream, so to speak now that Windchill Plus is here.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. Well, first let me say that most of Arena is sold direct, to be frank, with an inside sales model. So there's not a big outside for us. So what we've really been expanding to drive Arena sales with some success is to globalize that largely inside model. An inside model is a great thing if you can get it to work. And PLM's, particular big PLM systems are kind of complex and we probably require a higher touch model. But with Arena so far so good. We've been able to scale this inside model. And so that's really what we're doing. Now, our resellers are interested in selling it. And I think as Arena goes up market and the deals get more complex, there'll be a need for a higher touch selling process. And yes probably our existing resellers at some point will play a bigger role with Arena and Onshape. But right now, that low touch inside sales model is working and it's a great thing to -- it's a great model to have if you can make it work. And so far it sounds like we might be able to.
Matt Broome: Perfect. Thanks very much.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. I think that was our last question Matt, right? So thank you all for spending some time with us here today. And Matt tells me, we're going to be very active on the circuit here in the next 90 days. We're going to be at like half a dozen different conferences. I'm going to a few myself and Matt and Kristian will be at others. So we might see you on the road and I hope so I haven't seen a lot of you in a long time. It would be nice to see you face-to-face. And if not, we'll look forward to talking to you again in 90 days. As you can see we really feel good about the business. We've put in place a lot of strategic moves. They're mostly working. We've put in place profitability moves that are working pretty well and that's a good combination to have strong growth and strong profitability, and it bodes well for us, particularly given the resilience of our model in good times and in bad. So, I'll leave you with that thought and look forward to seeing you sometime in the next 90 days. Bye-bye.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks everybody.
Operator: And that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-01-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the PTC's 2022 First Quarter Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Matt Shimao, PTC's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matt Shimao: Hello. Thank you, Julian and welcome to PTC's results call for Q1 of fiscal '22. On the call today are James Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer, and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance on future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during the call are valid only as of today's date, January 26, 2022, and PTC assumes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's Chief Executive Officer, Jim Heppelmann.
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Matt, good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. Turning to slide three, I'm pleased to share that PTC delivered another strong financial performance in fiscal Q1. We executed very well building on the momentum we saw in Q4. To simplify things, please note that throughout my prepared commentary, I will only discuss growth rates in constant currency. ARR came in at $1.507 billion, which was better than the $1.5 billion we had guided to at the recent Investor Day. that represents 16% growth, 11% of which was organic. Adjusted free cash flow was also strong at $145 million, which was up 20% year-over-year and better than the $140 million expectation we set at the Investor Day. We're off to a very strong start in fiscal 2022. Turning to Slide four, of particular note was our booking strength. Bookings were up double digits organically and high teens overall against the very strong COVID bounce back quarter we saw in Q1 of fiscal '21, when bookings grew more than 30% over the prior year. To put it in perspective, given the tough comparison against Q1 of last year, we had planned bookings to actually be down slightly inclusive of Arena. So this performance was more than 20% above plan. I know that some analysts and investors had voiced concern that the restructuring work we did in late Q4 and throughout Q1 would distract us, but obviously we didn't see that. The strength was broad based across direct sales and resellers and was achieved with no mega deals. Rockwell came in ahead of their part of our plan too, which was great to see and suggest my concerns of them being distracted may prove overstated. Arena contributed the inorganic element of bookings growth with another strong bookings quarter coming in above plan as well. With the Arena acquisition getting round tripped here in Q2, Arena becomes part of the organic results going forward and their low twenties growth rate will then add another tailwind to the organic results. Arena's been a great acquisition. Bookings growth was particularly strong in PLM and in both Europe and Americas. From a macro perspective, global PMIs remain in expansion territory while digital transformation in SaaS continue to grow an importance as secular drivers. The interest in digital transformation in SaaS has been driving strong bookings for what is very sticky software, which when layered into a recurring revenue model that is atypical of industry peers has allowed PTC to deliver performance in excess of market growth rates. This happened right through the pandemic, especially in the large core business that represents about 70% of our ARR and we fully expected to continue going forward. These factors gave us to raise the lower end of our ARR guidance range, which at the new midpoint basically means we rolled our Q1 beat forward. Now let's take a look at the ARR performance by geography on Slide five, before turning to business units. In Q1, we saw strong ARR performance across all geographies. Our ARR growth in the Americas was 19%. All product segments grew with key growth drivers being the acquired arena contribution and the velocity business unit overall layered on top of another strong quarter in the core CAD and PLM business. In Europe, our ARR growth was 13%. We saw strong results across the board in Europe, with the strongest drivers of the growth being our Digital Thread growth and core businesses. Europe has the largest mix of channel versus direct and the resellers continue to perform well. Our ARR growth in APAC was 14% with growth, primarily driven by our Digital Thread core business. Next, let's take a look at the ARR performance of our various business units, starting with the Digital Thread group on Slide six. In our largest product segment, Digital Thread core, we delivered yet another double digit performance in Q1 with 11% growth. Within this, CAD and PLM both grew double digits with strong growth across all three geographies. This is the 17th consecutive quarter of double digit ARR growth in the core business and as we roll out our more aggressive SaaS strategy, I expect we'll see many more. In the Digital Thread growth, which is IoT and AR, we saw ARR growth of about 14% consistent across both elements. This was in line with our plan and the mid-teens near term growth expectation we set at the recent Investor Day. While this level of growth remains accretive to company growth, we continue to expect an acceleration of growth into the twenties as we get into the back half of the year. The biggest driver of growth in Q1 was from expansions, especially in Europe and APAC. We believe market conditions in IoT improving, and we like the way the pipeline for a new DPM offering is developing through both PTC and Rockwell channels. For AR, we continue to see a tremendous level of interest, but the market remains nascent. Perhaps most importantly, the formation of the Digital Thread business unit at the start of F Y '22 has driven important initiatives to increase our focus on cross-selling of IoT and AR into the core CAD and PLM customer base. FSG had a great Q1 with 6% ARR growth. The expansion deal we recently announced with the US Air Force, both increases and extends this key relationship for up to five more years. Contracts like this demonstrate the value that our customers are realizing from served logistics and other FSG products, such as retail PLM and ALM. You may remember I noted at our Investor Day that having FSG grow in the mid single digits rather than flat would be a helpful upside growth driver. So I'm pleased to see FSG post another strong quarter. Let me run through a couple of quick customer anecdote to give you a sense for our Digital Thread customers and how they rely on us. On Slide seven MAN Energy Solutions is the world's top provider of large bore engines and turbo machinery for the maritime and energy industries. The company manufactures complex parts and nearly every engine they make must meet unique customer requirements. Before implementing Creo, they relied on manual outdated processes that slowed design and production. With Creo, they've been able to transition from 2D to a full 3D model-based approach. Creo's broad range of toolpath automation capabilities enable them to save time in the programming of the tool pass used to machine the large complex engine parts greatly increasing efficiency in transitioning from design to production. Turning to Slide eight, you may have noticed we announced a deal with the -- we announced that the German company Sheffler has expanded its relationship with PTC and I'd like to share a bit of the backstory. Sheffler has been a long time Creo customer and has successfully deployed wind Welsh within engineering. But back in 2017, one of our PLM competitors announced large PLM deal with Sheffler that appeared to cap PTCs expansion opportunity. But that system didn't ultimately stick as Sheffler has now decided to consolidate on PTC systems with Welsh [ph] being the backbone and is broadly deploying our solutions in their standard out of the box fashion so that Sheffler can participate in the full power of our Digital Thread portfolio. I'm very excited about this collaboration and the further expansion that Sheffler is exploring with our IoT and ARR offerings. On Slide nine, you'll see how EMA [ph] Group a global business that delivers packaging machines, services, and solutions to a wide variety of industries was looking for a way to expand their control room offering to help their customers improve overall equipment effectiveness and reduce downtime. As long-time users of PTCs Creo and windshield, EMA decided that ThingWorx was the ideal IoT solution for their initiative, and that Kepware could provide connectivity only to their machines, but to the other vendor's machines deployed alongside them. EMA has successfully launched new revenue streams by enabling 24 7 monitoring of customer production lines and improved OEE by up to 16%. Euphoria integrated with ThingWorxs is the platform of choice for the US Air Force training initiatives. Slide 10 highlights the work that PTC partner Vektrona has done with the US Air Force. With finite training resources and limited capacity, the US Air Force set out to incorporate augmented reality into their maintenance and munitions training. Vektrona using [indiscernible] studio worked with US Air Force to create immersive 3D AR experiences for phones, tablets and the HoloLens 2, that are designed to accelerate learning, improve work performance and facilitate remote training. The improved training shows better engagement and information retention with continuous and repeatable task training available regardless of the system or aircraft type. Turning to Slide 11, the velocity we use ARR growth in Q1 was more than 650% due to the inclusion of Arena and 53% organically, which would be on shape. If you were to add Arena's pre-acquisition results into the prior year to get a better pro forma comparison, then you'd have the velocity business unit growing at 28% in Q1. That 28% is a mix of Onshape growing at 53% in the large Arena business growing in the low twenties. Growth of both Onshape and Arena is multiple times higher than market rates clearly demonstrating that industrial companies see the benefits of SaaS. We continue to ramp investments to expand technology leadership and to broaden the geographic presence of our Velocity businesses. On Slide 12, Beta Technologies, a leading developer of next generation electric aircraft for the cargo and logistics market, sought a cloud native product development platform where everyone would be working with one single source of truth without the workflow restrictions of traditional file based design systems. Beta turned to Onshape because of how it enables real time collaboration, allowing the engineering team to work from any location while streamlining their communications during the design process. To profile an Arena customer, Potrero Medical on Slide 13 is a predictive health company developing the next generation of medical devices, leveraging smart sensors and artificial intelligence. Potrero needed a scalable quality management system to support its growing product development and compliance needs, including satisfying FDA audit requirements. Arena was the right solution offering a cloud native QMS with a quick implementation, leading to ECO cycle time reduction of 30% and non-conformance improvement of 20%. As a final topic, I'd like to give you a quick update on our SaaS acceleration initiative on Slide 14, we've made tremendous progress in the past 90 days since we announced the more aggressive strategy. We've launched our SaaS program management office, which was modeled after the very successful approach we used to drive our subscription transition several years back. Our field organizations transitioned to the new two in a box customer success organization model without missing a beat. We converged our cloud and tech support organizations with product development to deploy the DevOps type of approach you see in virtually all SaaS companies. We've made good progress advancing our offerings, especially the windshield multi-tenant version, which will go into production shortly this quarter and we made good progress preparing the SaaS conversion offerings that will power the hundreds of lift and shifts that will happen in the coming quarters and years. We have more work to do, but we're certainly off and running. The time for SaaS has arrived in our industry and PTC is very well positioned. We're already the SaaS leader in our space with continued strong SaaS growth in windshield and FSG and high levels of growth in our cloud native Velocity Business unit. Sharing the Atlas SaaS platform, we have a dual strategy to win with Onshape and arena powering a new agile product development approach while we transition our Digital Thread portfolio and existing customer base to SaaS, to elevate the platform strategies that so many larger companies have. To wrap up on Slide 15, I'm pleased with PTC's position and the opportunity that lies ahead. Q1 gave us a strong start to what we expect to be our fifth consecutive year of double digit ARR growth. Our portfolio of products is unique and compelling and obviously aligns well to customer demand. Our results have been consistently strong for many quarters, but we're poised to accelerate growth as the SaaS tailwind blows harder in coming quarters and as we gain more momentum with our IoT and ARR initiatives in the back half of the year. We're poised to drive higher levels of profitability too following the organizational changes we've already implemented and as our start-up businesses continue to mature up their J-curves [ph]. The company has never been in a better position to create shareholder value. With that, I'll turn it over to Kristian for more details on the financial results.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I review our results, I'd like to note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance and growth rate references will be in both constant currency and at as reported rates. So turning to Slide 17, we delivered constant currency, ARR of $1.507 billion, which is 16% growth year over year, and slightly exceeded our Q1 guidance of $1.5 billion. On an organic constant currency basis, this is 11% growth. FX was an approximate $11 million headwind in Q1. So our as reported ARR was $1.496 billion. Our SaaS products in both the Digital Thread and Velocity business units saw continued strong growth in Q1 with growth rates, similar to what we discussed at our recent Investor Day. This is in combination with continued strong growth of our software-only sales. As of Q1, our SaaS portfolio is now 15% of our total ARR on a constant currency basis. Q1 free cash flow of $134 million grew 21% year-over-year and includes $11 million in restructuring and other related payments. Adjusted free cash flow was $145 million and was slightly ahead of the $140 million we discussed at our Investor Day. Q1 revenue of $458 million increased 7% year-over-year. As we've discussed, previously, revenue is impacted by ASC 606. So we do not believe that revenue growth rates are indicative of our underlying business performance, but would rather guide you to ARR as the best metric to understand our topline performance and cash collections. FX only impacted revenue by about $1 million in Q1. So our revenue on a constant currency basis was $459 million.# Q1 non-GAAP operating margin of 35% compared to 36% in Q1 of 2021. While, this is a strong result, it's still worth pointing out that because revenue is impacted by ASC 606, other derivative metrics such as gross margin, operating margin and EPS are all also impacted. Suffice it to say that our cogs and OpEx came in, in line with our expectations in Q1, and we continue to maintain good discipline on our operating expense structure. I would like to point out that our GAAP results reflect a gain of $9.8 million related to our investment in Matterport and we're also slightly reducing the range for expected PNL charges from approximately $45 million to $50 million down to $40 million to $45 million for the full year and coincidentally, we're also reducing the range of expected cash payments for the restructuring and other from what was previously $50 million to $55 million down to $45 million to $50 million for the full year. For guidance purposes, we will continue to show $50 million as the cash payments in the adjusted free cash flow reconciliation. But if payments come in lower, then we would just expect actual free cash flow to come in higher. There's no change to the $450 million adjusted free cash flow target. Moving to Slide 18, I'll begin with our balance sheet. We ended Q1 with cash and cash equivalent of $296 million. In addition, at the end of Q1, we had medium term investments of $87 million primarily related to our investment in Matterport. Our gross debt was $1.45 billion with an aggregate interest rate of about 3.2%. In Q1, we used $120 million of cash to repurchase shares. We also had an additional $5 million of repurchases, which settled early in Q2. For the remainder of fiscal '22, we will focus on de-levering and looking forward to FY '23 in an ongoing go-forward basis assuming our debt to EBITDA ratio was below three times, we will continue to target to return approximately 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders via share repurchases. Turning to Slide 19. We post a data table to our IR website that has our financial statements, as well as ARR detail by segment. In that file, we share both constant currency and as reported ARR, as a reminder, when we calculate constant currency, we use our current year plan FX rates and restate history to the same rates. So here, for example, on this slide, you can see our Q1 constant currency, ARR of $1.507 billion, and the actual as reported ARR of $1.496 billion. This is important to remember in the context of our guidance because we provide guidance at the plan rate. We believe this is the best way to evaluate the top line performance of our business because it removes FX fluctuations from the analysis positive or negative. With that, I'll move on to guidance on Slide 20. As Jim mentioned, we're raising the low end of our full year constant currency ARR guidance by $10 million. The new range is now $1.625 billion to $1.660 billion. This essentially reflects rolling our Q1 over performance through the remainder of the year. We're now expecting constant currency ARR growth of 11% to 13% in fiscal '22. It's worth pointing out that based on FX rates, at the end of Q1, we would expect a $13 million headwind against that full year ARR guidance. For Q2, we're setting constant currency ARR guidance of $1.540 billion to $1.550 billion. This is 12% organic constant currency growth at the midpoint. On an as reported basis, the FX impact we're calculating based on the FX rates at the end of Q1 is a $12 million headwind in Q2 compared to the constant currency guidance. Moving to free cash flow, we're maintaining our full year free cash flow target of $400 million. This includes approximately $50 million of restructure and acquisition related payments. The majority of these payments are related to the reorganization we announced in Q1 with some residual payments, primarily related to our C port move for which we took the accounting charge in prior periods. So our adjusted free cash flow target for fiscal '22 remains $450 million. Fiscal Q2 adjusted free cash flow is expected to be approximately $155 million. We expect to make approximately $20 million in restructuring and other related payments in Q2 bringing our free cash flow to approximately $135 million. Moving to revenue, we're also taking the low end of the full year revenue guidance up by $20 million. This reflects both the strength in software and strength in the professional services business that we saw in Q1 and the related forecasts for the full year. So for fiscal '22, our new revenue guidance range is $1.870 billion to $1.975 billion. The year-over-year growth rate range is now 3% to 9%. ASE 606 makes revenue very difficult to predict for on premise subscription companies hence the wide range. Note that revenue variability has -- from 606 has no impact on ARR or its related cash generation as we continue to primarily bill customers annually upfront, regardless of term length. We continue to expect more than 60% of our annual free cash flow generation to occur in the first half of the year, collections are stronger in the first half and we expect expenses to increase as we ramp hiring in our SaaS investments throughout the year. Wrapping up on Slide 21 with the free cash flow model that we use and went into some depth on at our recent Investor Day that you can see here, I know many of you use model three cash flow using the indirect method. However, given the complexities related to revenue recognition due to 606, this is difficult to do. The model we show here has proven quite effective. The table shows fiscal '21 actuals compared to the model we shared at Investor Day compared to our current guidance. Let me take you through the model, focusing on the non-GAAP column on the right and starting at the top. First, we're showing the midpoint of our as reported ARR guidance of $1.630 billion which is different from the constant currency guidance that we gave due to the $13 million FX headwind and is also $5 million lower than what we showed at the Investor Day. We use as reported here because it's a better reflection of the cash we expect to generate. You can also see that we have increased the perpetual license revenue forecast slightly, and also the professional services revenue increase that we mentioned earlier. Cogs is slightly higher reflecting the increased cost to deliver the incremental professional services revenue, and the rest of the assumptions remain the same and we still end up with our target adjusted free cash flow of $450 million. Obviously this is a model based on assumptions, such as the midpoint of the ARR range, the impact of FX, the pace of hiring, etcetera. So if some of those variables change, which they invariably will, the model will have to be adjusted accordingly and as I mentioned earlier, if cash payments related to the restructuring, come in at the low end of the range, we would see a flip from the restructuring line to the free cash flow line, but the adjusted free cash flow target would remain unchanged. But as we sit here today, we think this is a reasonable view of how we expect the year to shape up. So with that I'll turn the call over to the operator and we can begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question will come from Andrew Obin from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Just a bigger picture question, I apologize, I missed the first couple of minutes. We hear a lot about supply chain constraints and frankly, we're hearing that this might extend the run in terms of PMI expansion. So what are you hearing in terms of sort of, as you have convers about PLM and in terms of adoption, what kind of conversations are you having with your customers and do customers have awareness of supply chains being gummed up for longer and are you seeing this having any discernible impact on what kind of conversations you are having with people?
James Heppelmann: Andrew it's Jim? No, actually it's not really, it's not really a frequent topic in our conversations because well, first of all, since you said you missed the first minutes, one of the things I pointed out is that our bookings came in very, very strong and I explained about 20% higher than plan. So we had a very, very strong booking quarter and notable in that was PLM although frankly, the strength was broad based. I think the key thing to remember is that PLM is really associated with preparing product data in engineering that will then subsequently be used in manufacturing and perhaps in aftermarket service and it's collecting data from supply chain partners and so forth, but production problems in a supply chain don't necessarily impede the collaboration during the engineering and the preparation for production process. So I think people are saying like, maybe I can't get chips to complete the product, but that doesn't mean I should stop designing the next one because if it does then I'll fall behind. So I think that, our view would be that the product development process has largely been unaffected by the supply chain process. Now, some other, we talked about how perhaps COVID had an impact on IoT. Perhaps the supply chain a little bit, although I think muted compared to COVID. So to me, the supply chain thing is fairly small factor in our results. We just see very little correlation between what's happening out there with supply chain problems and what's happening with our pipeline and frankly, with our bookings,
Operator: Your next question comes from Yun Kim from Loop Capital. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Yun Kim: Hi, Jim. Can you just talk about IoT business in terms of the large deal activity, what kind of trends are you seeing there? Obviously, you are expecting that business to accelerate in the back half, second half of the year. If you can talk about whether that confidence is coming from the, improvement in the large activity, or is it just the overall volume of the activity around IoT and then also if you can just come in around deal size activity around the ARR business as well. Thanks.
James Heppelmann: Yeah I think deal sizes are sort of unchanged from previous trends. If, you think, what are we looking at when we project forward, how IoT and ARR will perform well, we're looking at the bookings. Let me say at the pipeline that will drive bookings and for IoT and ARR was quite strong. We're looking at the backlog. Last year bookings actually had improved over the prior year and bookings that went into backlog are what, I'm sorry, what we call deferred ARR were quite high. We were well ahead of our deferred plan number as we exited last year. So you could imagine we've got more, if you want to call it backlog waiting for us. And then what other initiatives are we doing? So for example, our DPM launch I think will be materially positive for our IoT results. It will drive bigger deals. It will drive better value propositions. It's really software that's ready to turn on and get value from as opposed to a platform. And then the other thing is Troy Richardson talked at our Investor Day about organizing better for cross sell. And I think if we look backwards, maybe we had pivoted too much towards new logos, which are great. New logos are a wonderful thing, but we probably have low hanging fruit yet to pick within our install base of CAD and PLM accounts. So I think it's really this combination of a strong looking pipeline, good looking trends, awaiting us in the deferred backlog and then these other initiatives kicking into place DPM and cross-sell but I think will all be very helpful as we proceed through the year. And again, I want to remind everybody, we set the expectation that the two handle would materialize in the back half of the year and that you wouldn't see it in Q1 and Q2. So we sort of feel like this was, as we had predicted just mid December a couple weeks ago,
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Celino from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jason Celino: So one question on maybe the fast Windchill, launch with seems like it's coming along nicely and we could see something maybe go GA this quarter. Have you had a chance to maybe, discuss this with customers, how's the pipeline shaving or is it maybe better to think that the pipeline might start to form once we do go live?
James Heppelmann: No, we for sure started talking about it with customers, ramping up that process, we got to educate a lot of people and they in turn have to educate customers, but we've certainly made some progress and I can tell you the customer interest is actually quite high. You should know that actually customers were pushing us a little bit to get going with such initiative. So, I feel like the demand is there, and in fact, again, just reflecting on what we told you, that business has been growing about 30% and Christian mentioned, we posted another quarter just like that without us really invoking the new strategy yet. So there's lots of demand. We're just looking for a model where we can promote the demand because we like the margin profile better and that's, what's coming into place here in Q2.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Borg from Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks so much. And maybe just two quick ones. Just on the Sheffler win that you announced yesterday and highlight on the call earlier, one of the things I thought was really interesting in the press release was this opportunity around some more vertical specific or market specific solutions targeting either automotive or industrial companies. So maybe Jim, you could just talk about that. And maybe just as a quick follow up just maybe for Christian, anyway, you could talk about this transit, it's great to hear the early feedback on the SaaS application efforts, but anyway to comment on how much this has contributed to bookings or the pipeline at least qualitatively. Thanks so much.
James Heppelmann: Yeah. I'll get the first part of the question, Chris, and you can take the second part. Yeah. So Sheffler is a great account and as I mentioned back in 2017, it appeared they were going a different direction and now they've decided to come back into the fold. And honestly, they did that for two main reasons. One is that they really want off the shelf technology, the other competitor had told them this low code, no code story and they tried that out and decided that's not really what they want. They don't want develop their own solutions. They want to deploy standard out of the box software that all works together. And then they wanna engage in partnerships with the vendor in this case, PTC to talk about how those solutions should evolve to be, more and more powerful to meet their needs. So, yeah, I'm very excited. I'm in the middle of that relationship myself and yeah, what's going to come out of that is technology that fits better and better, for example, for the automotive supply chain which is a place where we have a lot of customers. So it's a great win or win back, maybe I should say and a great partnership going forward, that's going to produce a lot more bit for us in years to come. And sorry, the second part of the question was around the transition to SaaS and how that's manifesting itself in terms of pipeline and activity. Is that right? Just making sure I got that right,
Adam Borg: Exactly. Yeah. Any way to qualitatively comment from both, either bookings or a pipeline perspective.
James Heppelmann: Yeah, well remember, the bookings that we just reported were for Q1 and Q1 is really when we actually just announced the acceleration of it. So I would say there's actually limited impact in the actual bookings result here in Q1. That said, as I mentioned, we continue to see strong demand for the SaaS properties that we have. That's both in velocity and the digital thread and so those products continue to grow at a rate higher than our software only products. And, now a as the program is pushing ahead, we expect to see demand and pipeline generate, especially with the windshield -- with the new windshield launch coming out here and the program continuing to pick up speed internally.
Kristian Talvitie: Maybe Adam, I could just add, we launched this phase three strategy 90 days ago on the earnest call. And there's nothing we've seen since that makes us any less bullish than we were back then. It looks like a really nice opportunity for PTC and we're pushing forward ahead as aggressively as we can, because we'd like to bring that very upside growth driver, closer in. So it has a bigger impact on '23 and '24 and so forth than it would otherwise have had.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thank you. Hello. Hi, Jim. Hi, Christian. Couple things with regard to the strength you noted for PLM at your partner conference six months ago, back in the summer management presented to the channel, your concept that PLM was no longer just an engineering vault that it was becoming a more, what you call multi-system multi-discipline concept. And the question is to what extent is that broader, more diverse view of PLM a current part of new business or in the pipeline for new business as compared to the more conventional historical way of of thinking about PLM? By our calculation, you were already the second largest brand by revenue in PLM and maybe talk about what some of the drivers are to that? And then just a quick clarification you referred earlier to cross sell at the Analyst Meeting last month in the slide deck you referred to cross sell 10 times and relatedly account based selling PTC has often over the years, talked about cross sell, but maybe talk about what's different this time in terms of resources and programs across your various segments in your new customer segmentation model.
James Heppelmann: Yeah. Well on your first question, Jay, you are always very pressy on, you've been watching this industry for a long time. When we say multi-system, multi-discipline, what we're really talking about is an enterprise system. And so what's happened in the last couple years is PLM has graduated from being an engineering data management system to being an enterprise system that contains the, it's the system of record for the product definition. And so if you're in manufacturing, well, you need to know the product definition. If you're in procurement, you need to know the product definition. If you're out on an installation or a support call, you probably need to know the product definition. So definitely what's happened is that the enterprise deployments of windshield are multiple times larger than the engineering deployments of windshield. So something that's been driving growth for some years now is that the new deals we're taking are more and more frequently enterprise deals in they're larger. You may remember last quarter, I told you we took the largest deal we had taken to date from a med device company. And the second thing that's happening is we're circling back to those companies who had deployed the engineering solution like Sheffler and we're up-selling them to the enterprise solution and turning that into a much bigger opportunity for us. So definitely that's a real thing and it's been driving the momentum we've seen in windshield for a year. And frankly, there's a lot of it out ahead of us. Even before we start talking about SaaS, the upsell from a departmental solution to an enterprise solution is a driver taking that whole enterprise solution to SaaS is a whole another growth driver, that's on top of that and sort of orthogonal to it. And then on the account based selling, there's two ways to look at that cross selling into your accounts is a great thing. You have established relationships it's much easier to sell another product to a existing customer than to sell a new product to a new customer or a first product to a new customer. At the same time, we like new logos. So it's really always about the balance of how much do you invest in new logos pursuits versus how much do you invest in selling more to the companies who know and trust you. And I think perhaps with IoT and ARR, we realized we had over pivoted toward new logo, which is just generally speaking, less productive selling, you might imagine. And so the reason we formed this Digital Thread growth, which brought CAD and PLM and IoT and ARR, together under Troy Richardson, was to really lubricate how these products work together and how we position them together, and to be able to start anywhere and sell up and down that chain. So it's a good strategy, it's one that we, it's a muscle we've developed. Well, over the years, we, we really built the windshield business largely by cross-selling to the Creo base. And I think this is going to be something that'll help us a lot, to kind of get the right balance of new logo pursuits in cross-sell.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Wong from Guggenheim Security Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ken Wong: Thank you so much for taking my question. Jim or, or Christian. I wanted to perhaps dive into the double digit organic bookings growth couldn't help and notice you guys also had a very large service expansion deal with the air force because how much of that was already in expectations or did you get some, some boost there from timing shifts or anything of that nature?
James Heppelmann: Yeah, the let me, let me tell you, none of that actually contributed to the double digit growth because that was a Q4 deal. We released it when we had approval to release it and I commented on it because it was an important customer and so forth. And let me say that deal again, that was closed in Q4 both represented five years of extension, but also about a 50% growth in a ramp that happens over I think it's three years. So it roughly goes from a $10 million run rate to a $15 million run rate over three years and stays there for a couple more that's what the contract contemplates. So some of that will come into ARR in Q4 this year, but the bookings actually were in Q4 last year. So that strength the strength we saw in Q1 was exclusive of that air deal, which just means was really great strength. So, anyway it was hard to pin down where'd the strength come from because it came from CAD, it came from PLM, the the IoT number was actually pretty decent. It didn't all go into ARR. And then of course the velocity numbers and the FSG numbers. So it was broad based in all geographies and really in all product lines.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Broome from Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open
Matthew Broome: So Jim I mean, just, I guess, just on that so just deal that I can just mention get given the importance of supply chain management right now, are you seeing like ramping demand to the solution elsewhere and following on from that, is there a chance that FSG AR growth could actually accelerate on the back of that demand beyond the sort of the mid single digit level and actually come sort of more strategic in a way?
James Heppelmann: Yeah, that's one of the points Matt that I brought up at the recent investor day is that we've generally modeled FSG to be roughly flat, flat well, plus 1%, 2%, but it's actually been performing, I think last year, Christian was at up 7% FSG and it was up 6% here again in Q1. So yeah, we're overperform and serve logistics is one of the key drivers. And then the second one probably is retail PLM, which has also been doing fairly well. So definitely, there's some, I think we'll be conservative and, and leave the FSG guidance where it is in the near term, but, I do like overperforming it because it's a growth driver. The FSG business is about the same size as the IoT and ARR business. So every point of growth we get there is pretty meaningful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matt Swanson: Yeah. Thanks. This is Matt Swanson on for Matt. I'll kind of follow up on a piece of, both Adam and Jay's questions. So looking at the Sheffler announcement, I think the thing I was really interested in was the idea around standardization and the idea around end to end. So could you talk a little bit about your customer's desire around standardization and, clearly this product roadmap has really expanded your TAM, but I think one of the upside areas, something we, maybe the holy grail of the transition would be more competitive displacement. And I'm just curious if you're starting to hear, any early or more talk around that because you're building something so differentiated?
James Heppelmann: Yeah. for sure. So the standard thing, I think maybe over the last couple years industrial companies have realized that they should be using software and not developing it. And so we saw this in our IoT business, and it's been why we've been heading up the stack with solutions like DPM is customers would like to buy the software and use it, not buy some kind of a platform and create it, because they just don't really know how to create it if I'm frank. So Sheffler had gone down the path of kind of like I said, low code environments and came back to standard products and then they end to end thing, for sure the CAD data that's created in Creo and managed in windshield, gets used, for example, in augmented reality manufacturing and service instructions, much later and in a different part of the company, if it's all well managed and that connectivity from IoT, well, let's say from CAD to PLM to IoT to AR is what we call the digital thread. And so we actually see so much interest in this that we kind of organized around that principle. Let's stop presenting these products as kind of independent things and let's shine a light on how well they work together in an end to end solution. And by the way, how they're all ready to go that this is something you just turn on and use. And that's really what one Sheffler over, but I can tell you Sheffler is not unique at all and it's really we're organizing to respond to that. SaaS is helpful by the way, because if you want a lot of technology working end to end, it'd be better not to ship it all to the customer site because it gets complicated. The customer would like to just use it, not, set it all up and care and feed for it on, on premise.
Operator: Your next question comes from Saket Kalia from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Q - : Okay, great. Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question here. Hey Jim, Hey Jim, maybe, Hey Christian, Jim, maybe for you. it was great to hear the PLM strength this quarter in bookings. with other companies that have done shifts like this, there's always a risk, I guess, of customers behaving differently, right? Whether that's slowing purchases to see what's coming or maybe pulling forward purchases before something new comes out now. Now just to be clear, it doesn't sound like that happened here, but can you just stress test that for us a little bit and what you sort of look at to sort of manage what is, more choices for our customer to make. Does, that make sense?
James Heppelmann: Yeah. Are you referring just let me clarify, are you referring to like SaaS choices being new choices or..
Q - : Yeah, that's right. Windshield, no windshield specifically.
James Heppelmann: Yeah So, keep in mind Saket, we have been selling wind shell as SaaS for some time. Remember the phase one phase two phase three thing. So since phase one, we've been selling wind shell and we showed you it's got a three year growth CAGR of 30% in SaaS. So the customer demand is strong. It's just on the PTC side. We need to pivot to multi-tenant because in the single tenant model, we just don't have the profitability we like. So the demand is strong, the customers are buying it. Christian mentioned we had another strong quarter. So it really is we'd like to meet that demand with a solution that's more efficient for us to operate on behalf of the customer. And that's what phase three multi-tenant really is all about. Now, when it becomes more efficient for us, we can then lean in on the promotion and marketing of it because we haven't really done that. So we've been servicing demand, not driving it and with phase three, we think there's an opportunity to drive demand and the preliminary data we've seen this quarter suggest customers are very responsive, both to buying new systems that way, but also to lifting and shifting the previous systems they bought and giving them to us to operate and serve back to them in a SaaS model.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Vruwink from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. Just to go back to bookings, does the strength of score absent mega deals suggest anything about either the demand environments or maybe just the health of your mid-market and SMB customers and looking ahead, are there going to be certain things you think about or track when contemplating the probability of more mega deals or maybe the larger ARR contributors for PTC, maybe, being a bit more represented in future bookings?
James Heppelmann: Christian, let me again, take a stab at that and maybe you'll find things to add. So I think if you look at the bookings again, they were phenomenal and it's hard to pin down. It wasn't one geography, it wasn't one product, it was all geographies, all products. So I think it tells us that the end market is very healthy. And I would say for two different reasons. On one hand, the PMIs are in good shape. That's helpful. On the other hand the interest they have in the digital thread, digital transformation story in the interest they have in SaaS is secular. That interest is not related to the PMIs. It's kind of independent of them and so I think that we're just in a very healthy situation where industrial companies are leaning in on trying to get more digital. They see PTC as having a fairly unique and compelling portfolio and their interest in engaging and trying to make their companies more efficient. I can tell that Sheffler, for example, it's one of the top initiatives in the company is to get more digital and as it relates to the whole product life cycle, the partners PTC, and we see that kind of phenomenon happening in a lot of places in the industrial world. So I think it's just good, strong secular and as well, macro environment out there right now. But I'll remind you that we've had good performance, even when the macro environment wasn't so strong. So all things being equal, I like the strong macro, but we're 17 quarters in with double digit growth in the core business. And there were a lot of bad macro quarters over the course of those 17. So I think it really is the secular driver Kristian, do you want to take?
Kristian Talvitie: Yeah. I agree with all that. Actually just on the big deal dynamic, what we used to call mega deals. We haven't -- I think we've had four in the past four years.
James Heppelmann: Yeah. Well, keep in mind, perpetual drove bigger upfront purchases. That's right and subscription or SaaS tends not to.
Kristian Talvitie: Yeah. Which is my point that we've been seeing good strong bookings performance and bookings growth, even with the absence of what used to be a fairly regular occurrence back in the perpetual days. Like we really don't see a lot of those.
James Heppelmann: Yeah. It's good. Healthy business. Okay. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blair Abernethy from Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Blair Abernethy: Thanks very much. Guys, just maybe a quick question on around partnerships in particular, if you just give us a little a little deeper dive into how things are going with Rockwell and as well on the simulation side with Ansys.
James Heppelmann: Yeah. So the state of the partner economy is good and Microsoft, I could put on that list is also strong. With Rockwell you'll remember in the past quarters I had said we should take a bit of a conservative posture as it relates to what Rockwell would contribute to PDCs numbers here in fiscal '22 and we did that because Rockwell had made a big acquisition. Rockwell never completely agreed with me on that. Their own public commentary kind of indicated they didn't worry too much about that. And in Q1 we're right. So we're pleased to see that Rockwell's contribution was solid in Q1 and starting to feel pretty good about the year. I'll tell you one thing is this DPM solution appears to be a very good fit with Rockwell. And in fact, their Calypso alarm is probably lined up to be our strongest partner in promoting DPM. So we're, very happy with that. Calypso has a long term relationship with PTC that even predates their acquisition by Rockwell. So great alignment around DPM. Again, DPM is a high value up to stack solution that drives bigger deal sizes and we think will be a very sticky solution. So lots of optimism around that. With Ansys, we continue to differentiate now with best in class simulation. So, whereas simulation, some years back, would've been viewed as a soft spot for PTC. Now it's a strength, if we're competing against Autodesk or Siemens or [indiscernible]. Nobody's going to have a better simulation story than PTC because nobody has a better simulation story than Ansys and Ansys products are built into PTC products. So that's been going well. And then of course, with Microsoft, that partnership is performing well and poised to get a lot bigger because as we bring more stuff aggressively to SaaS, a whole lot of that is going to land on Azure. So I think all three partnerships are alive and well, and as important as ever and, helping us achieve the kind of results that we're achieving.
Operator: Your last question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Please call ahead. Your line is open.
Sterling Auty: Yeah. Thanks. Hi guys. Just wondering if you could characterize with the headcount changes that you pointed out are necessary to facilitate the acceleration to SaaS, where are you in that process what's left to go and kind of what's the timeframe that you expect to complete that over?
James Heppelmann: Yeah. Christian, I'm thinking the numbers were largely done, but not completely 80%, 90% done.
Kristian Talvitie: Exiting.
James Heppelmann: Yeah. we'll be hiring people throughout the year, so, but in terms of the people who are exiting they're largely exited by now that largely happened within the first quarter.
Operator: We have no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Jim Heppelmann for closing remarks.
James Heppelmann: Okay. Well thank you all. There's a lot of good -- lot of good questions and I think good answers because the business is performing very well right now. ARR is doing well. Bookings are doing well. Free cash is doing well. I think we executed through good times and bad. We executed through the changes we made over the last quarter and we're set up to do pretty well for the balance of the year. So we very confident and look forward to talking to you all in 90 days. If we don't happen to cross paths with you sooner in an investor event or what have you. So thanks a lot for joining us and have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-11-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the PTC 2021, Fourth Quarter Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Shimao, PTC Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matt Shimao: Good afternoon. Thank you, Paula. And welcome to PTC's 2021 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. On the call today are James Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer, and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast, and a replay of the call will be available late today at www.ptc.com. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance as to future operating results.  Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause these factual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in today's press release.  The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during the call are valid only as of today's date, November 3rd, 2021, and PTC assumes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures.  These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's Chief Executive Officer, James Heppelmann.
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Matt, and welcome again to PTC. It's been great to get you on board and thanks for your help in preparing for today's call. We have a lot of exciting news for our investors today, so we plan to allow a little more time than usual for the call. No doubt there will be follow-up interest, so we've also scheduled our Annual Investor Day.  In mid-December, and we expect to be active on the IR circuit in the weeks ahead. Starting then with Slide 4. Given the news, we're going to follow a somewhat different agenda for today's call. I'm going to start with highlights of our Q4 and fiscal 2021 performance. Then I will take you through an abbreviated version of our product line results. Next, Kristian will complete our discussion of Q4 and Fiscal 2021 with his financial reviews.  Then turning to the future, I'll address the changes we announced today, which are designed to accelerate our SaaS transition and margin expansion. Following that, Kristian will take you through our go-forward guidance and reporting structure. We've reserved extra time for your questions at the end. Moving to Slide 5, Q4 was an outstanding quarter for PTC and it capped off another strong year.  We came in at the high end of our guidance for ARR growth and we exceeded our free cash flow guidance. Despite the pandemic, every part of the business performed well in fiscal '21, with growth in every product line and in every geography. Fiscal '21 was our fourth consecutive year of double-digit organic ARR growth and we're guiding for fiscal '22 to be the fifth. Furthermore, by continuing our strong focus on operational discipline, we've been able to translate our top-line growth into strong bottom-line free cash flow performance. Kristian will take you through free cash flow in more detail later in the call. Taking a look at the key factors driving our top line performance, and turning to slide 6, our Q4 bookings results were outstanding. Bookings were up mid-teens organically, and high-teens overall from the blockbuster Q4 we had a year ago. Remember then in Q4 of fiscal '20, bookings bounced back sharply following a downturn in Q2 and Q3 during the depths of the pandemic.  Surpassing last year's strong Q4 number is a great accomplishment. Bookings were strong across all product lines and geographies. Because Q4 of fiscal '20 had been such an outlier, our plan targeted Q4 '21 organic bookings to be roughly flat to last year's number. Creo was slightly above plan, while everything else was well above.  FSG and Onshape led the way with bookings growth of more than 90% and 70%, respectively. IoT and ARR bookings were both up mid-teens year-over-year to record levels for each, with IoT bookings growing more than 120% sequentially while ARR bookings grew more than 60% sequentially. PLM bookings were up high-single digits year-over-year.  Keep in mind that a good percentage of our Q4 bookings, especially those done later in the quarter don't start until October or later. So they end up in what we used to call backlog but now call deferred ARR. Deferred ARR ended the year $20 million above the original plan we had for fiscal '21.  So in summary, not only did we hit the high end of our Fiscal '21 ARR guidance range by delivering 12 points of organic ARR growth, we also booked about a 0.5 more growth in the deferred ARR, which will benefit future periods. Turning to ARR on Slide 7, on a top-line basis, fiscal '21 was a big success. In Q4, we came in at 12% organic ARR excluding Arena, and 16% ARR growth overall. Looking at our core products in Q4, we continued to deliver market-leading growth.  Creo came in at low double-digit growth, while Windchill grew mid-teens. According to data published by Jay Vleeschhouwer, Creo and Windchill have significantly outperformed Siemens in DSOs, CAD and PLM businesses lately, as they are relatively flat with 2019, while we're up more than 20%.  We've been seeing a solid growth trend in our core CAD and PLM business for years now, and we expect this to continue. I'll come back to this important point during the second part of my prepared remarks. Next, looking at our growth products, IOT grew mid-teens coming in below our target.  However, bookings were strong in Q4 and we expect stronger ARR growth in Fiscal '22 following bookings momentum and the launch of our new digital performance management solution. Vuforia AR, Vuforia Augmented Reality grew mid-teens, which is better than it sounds when you factor in that this growth came on top of very strong 77% growth in our previous Q4 that we're comparing against. I'm happy with the roughly 40% [Indiscernible] over the past two years. In fiscal '22, we're positioned to continue good growth in AR based on our bookings momentum. Onshape grew over 50%.  It's now been 3 years since we acquired Onshape and we're very pleased with the acquisition and the progress made by the Onshape team. Arena grew over 20%. This represents good acceleration from mid-teens pre acquisition growth rates driven by go-to-market investments we've made coupled with synergies gained by being part of PTC. Turning to FSG, growth was 6% primarily driven by strong performance of our systems and software engineering offerings where we benefited from several large deals.  Turning to slide 8, while Creo and Windchill are powerful independently, these products generate even more value when leveraged together. A great example of this integrated story can be found in our recent announcement that the entire Volvo Group will adopt PTC's Creo product as their primary CAD solution, mirroring what they did several years ago with our Windchill PLM solution. This is a big competitive displacement for Creo.  In addition, our answers powered Creo simulation live technology, together with Creo ANSYS simulation, continues to drive customer interest in simulation. I've been saying for some time that as the product system of record, PLM is a critical element of any manufacturing Company's digital transformation strategy.  This is exactly what led to our largest ever PLM order in Q4 of '21 a multi - year committed ramp deal coming from a large global medical device Company. This too, was a competitive displacement for Windchill. nPLM, we saw our average deal sizes increasing with numerous expansions in the quarter.  In IoT this past week, we launched our digital performance management or DPM solution at our manufacturing live event. If you miss the event, by the way, you can find the replay on our Investor website. DPM is our new solution designed to be a comprehensive, turnkey, out-of-the-box solution that addresses our customer's biggest IoT value-creation opportunities.  It will be the perfect antidote to the so-called pilot programs to our problem the IoT industry has been discussing. You may have also noted separately the press release announcing that PTC is the only industrial IoT player recognized as a leader by all 4 major industry analyst firms. Also in the IoT space, Microsoft yesterday officially launched its Cloud for Manufacturing and we're thrilled to be a lead partner.  Our alliance with Microsoft continues to go well with Q4 being our best quarter to-date in terms of co-selling with Microsoft. Vuforia delivered a healthy mix of expansions, cross-sell and net new logos. We landed our largest ever AR order from a large pharmaceutical Company, which will use Vuforia to deliver augmented digital work instructions to improve the speed and quality of production line changeovers.  Also, with all the buzz you hear about Metaverse these days, you might enjoy watching the amazing, live industrial Metaverse demonstration that our CTO, Steve Dertein and I delivered as part of our manufacturing live keynote, using our Vuforia Spatial Toolbox technology. If you look carefully at the graphic on the right side of Slide 8, that is Steve and I standing in front of our anonymized digital representations whose movement and activity is being measured and analyzed in real-time.  This is a peek into our concept of Digital Taylorism, named after the famous work or Frederick Taylor, who was the father of industrial engineering more than a 100 years ago. Turning now to Onshape and Arena on Slide nine. Onshape performance has been driven by strong win rates against competitors, coupled with solid expansion rates.  Onshape captured nearly 1,000 new logos in Fiscal '21. During the year, churn improved by 10 points, while net retention improved by 15 points. And these metrics now look quite strong compared to similar sized SaaS peers of all types. Naturally smaller companies have been drawn to Onshape because it's lightweight SaaS footprint enables agile hardware development processes.  But thanks to 17 more product releases during the past year, Onshape's maturing functionality also led to several significant orders in Q4 from larger companies and the robotics and medical device fields, who love the product for similar reasons. The amazing adoption that Onshape experienced in the education market in fiscal '21 is icing on the cake. It contributed little to the financials, but sets the stage for mass adoption by the next-generation workforce in future years.  Arena saw numerous expansions driving larger deal sizes too. Arena is also proving to be a great acquisition. Like Onshape, Arena is the cloud-native market leader in PLM, with particular strength in TechCentric markets such as electronics and medical devices. We're on track with the integration plan that we laid out for the acquisition of Arena, with new sales capacity coming online in the U.S. and Europe.  The combination of Onshape and Arena makes PTC the clear market leader in Cloud-native, PLM and CAD solutions. And these offerings make a great pairing for fast-moving high-tech manufacturers who want to develop hardware using the same agile process methodology as software. Next, Slide 10, shows our geographic ARR performance.  America was up 19% led by double-digit growth in core products and Arena. Europe was up 13% led by high single-digit in core products, low 40's growth in growth products, and double-digit growth in FSG. And APAC was up 17% led by mid-teens growth in core products and low 30's growth in growth products. There are thousands of people at PTC that contributed to our outstanding fiscal '21, and I'd like to say thank you to all of them. With that, I'll hand it over to Kristian to complete the portion of today's call focused on Q4 and fiscal '21.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Jim. Good afternoon, everyone. Before I review our results, I'd like to note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance later in the discussion, and all growth rate references will be in constant currency. So turning to Slide 12. We delivered ARR growth at the high end of our guidance range. Fiscal '21 ARR of $1.47 billion increased 16% year-over-year, excluding Arena, ARR growth was 12%.  FX was a small $4 million headwind in fiscal '21 for us. As Jim highlighted earlier, our bookings were very strong in Q4. With this, we had an uptick in -- within this, we had an uptick in ramp deals. And that's why our bookings performance did not result in even stronger ARR growth.  Instead, the vast majority of our bookings up went into deferred ARR that will benefit future periods, primarily fiscal '23 [Indiscernible] Organic churn improved approximately a 130 basis points year-over-year, slightly ahead of our guidance of approximately a 100 basis points of improvement, primarily driven by strong execution and CAD, PLM, FSG, as well as modest continued improvement in both IoT and AR. Fiscal '21 free cash flow of $344 million grew 61% year-over-year and was slightly above our guidance.  Note that our free cash flow for the year included an unforecasted $18 million outflow related to a foreign tax dispute, $15 million in acquisition-related fees, and $15 million in restructuring payments. These one-time headwinds were offset by other one-time tailwinds, including some one-time tax benefits, Arena working capital, versus original expectations. Improvements in AR aging also helped drive a one-time uptick in free cash flow in '21. Fiscal '21 revenue of $1.81 billion increased 24% year-over-year as reported, or 20% in constant currency, and was above guidance. As we've discussed previously, revenues impacted by ASC606. So in Q4 and throughout fiscal '21, longer than anticipated contract duration and support to subscription conversions positively impacted the amount of upfront subscription revenue recognized in the quarter and in the year. I'd like to remind you that over the long term, ARR and recurring revenue growth rates should be approximately the same.  However, in any period, revenue is subject to much more volatility due to ASC606, which is why we feel that our, our annual run rate, which is also very close proxy for subscription billings is the true in better indicator of PTC's growth in fiscal 21 non-GAAP operating margins were a 35% and increased approximately 610 basis points over fiscal 20. This was due to the strong revenue performance I just mentioned, as well as maintaining good discipline on our operating expense structure. Non-GAAP EPS of $3.97 increased 58% year-over-year and was above guidance.  I'd like to point out that our GAAP results reflect a gain of $69 million related to our investment in Matterport, which we mark-to-market. And as you may recall, Matterport went public and begin trading on July 23. In addition, our GAAP results also included the release of $137 million valuation allowance related to our deferred tax assets and a tax benefit of $42 million related to the Arena acquisition.  Moving to the next slide, another way to think about PT's performance is using the cash flow model we often share. And as you can see here on Slide 13, ARR plus perpetual revenue, plus professional services revenue equals our cash generation, which was $1.455 billion is up about $200 million over fiscal '20.  You can also see the total expenses of $1.173 billion. This was up about $138 million over fiscal '20, which leads to a net cash contribution margin of $473 million with an increase of about $62 million. Or if you think about cash contribution margin as a proxy for cash EBITDA EBITDA, we delivered a 29% cash contribution margin.  And this was up about a 100 basis points compared to fiscal '20. In this format, you can see most of the one-time headwinds and tailwinds I discussed earlier are below the line. As in terms of cash tax headwinds and tailwind, M&A related expenses, improvements in aging, which actually resulted in net positive working capital in fiscal '21, which one would normally expect to be negative in a growing business.  Moving to Slide 14, I'll begin with our balance sheet. We ended with fiscal '21 with cash and cash equivalents of 320 million. In addition, we had medium-term investments of $78 million primarily related to our investment in Matterport. Our gross debt was $1.45 billion with an aggregate interest rate of about 3.2%. During Q4. Before we paid down 40 million on our revolving credit facility.  And we also made our $19 million semi-annual bond interest payment. With our leverage ratio now less than 3 times, which we told you as our goal. We resumed our share repurchase program, that $30 million of cash we used to repurchase shares in Q4 was approximately equal to our free cash flow generation in the quarter. All-in-all Q4 wrapped up a solid year for PTC from both an ARR and the free cash flow perspective. With that, I'll turn it back to Jim.
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Kristian. PTC is at an exciting point in our history. Despite bumpy macro conditions, we have established a 4-year track record of double-digit, top-line organic growth based on a recurring revenue model, and driven by widely recognized technology leadership positions in an industry increasingly motivated by digital transformation. In parallel, our decade long track record of strong operational discipline has driven our margins up.  Enabling us to benefit significantly from leverage as we scale. You see that in the 61% free cash flow growth, I highlighted at the start of the call. Given the strength of our financial performance in Fiscal 2021, the restructuring we announced today might come as a surprise to some of you.  But sit tight because I think you will like what we're doing. For some time now, I've been telling investors about our plans to leverage the Atlas platform that we acquired with Onshape to pivot the whole Company toward a SaaS future. As I had previously discussed it, much of the upside benefits of the SaaS pivot would come in fiscal 2024 and beyond. Many of you have asked why we wouldn’t invest more to get to that SaaS upside more quickly.  Frankly, that was a good question and one that we've thought long and hard about. We even hired Mckinsey that help us think through it and develop a strategy. Today, I will explain how, thanks to the changes we're making. We will invest substantially more in our SaaS initiatives while actually decreasing our overall run-rate spending projections significantly.  Let me hit the financial summary first on slide 16 and then explain the strategy and operational changes behind it. In terms of the financial view or the restructuring, we're reducing our spending run rate by approximately 60 million compared to fiscal 2021 as we improve the efficiency of our organizational structure. We've also eliminated about 30 million of previously contemplated new spending run rate from our fiscal '22 plans.  So compared to the plan for fiscal '22 that existed prior to the restructuring, we now have -- we now expect to reduce our planned fiscal '22 run-rate spending by approximately $9 million and then reinvest about half of that into initiatives that accelerate our transition to SaaS with the other half falling to the bottom line. Key SaaS investments will be used to increase capacity on the Atlas, to accelerate work to adopt Atlas into our core products and to operate those products as SaaS and into Onshape than Arena product development and sales capacity.  Despite what will be a very significant investment, we expect to expand cash margins by approximately 400 basis points in FY22.So we are accelerating both growth and margin expansion at the same time. Restructuring related cash outflows are expected to be approximately $50 million to $55 million with about 2/3 occurring in the first half of '22, and the majority of the remaining payments to be made in Q3.  In other words, the restructuring will obscure the great cash flow progress for the next 2 or 3 quarters, but the benefits will start shining through after that. Already by Q4 of fiscal '22, we should be seeing a net free cash flow tailwind as a consequence of the restructuring. Then as Kristian will outline, fiscal '23 and beyond will look great. Let's go to slide 17 and I will start by explaining why a SaaS pivot is so interesting to PTC.  There are three reasons why we think now is the time for PTC to align with and invest more in the SaaS transition. First the industrial software market wants to go to SaaS. COVID has greatly amplified the interest in SaaS. PTC is already the recognized SaaS leader in our industry.  Onshape and Arena have proven what's possible and they've dramatically elevated PTC's credibility. We are far ahead of competitors in terms of understanding what SaaS is and what it is not. Customers are looking for PTC to lead the whole industry through a transition to SaaS. We see the need to accelerate SaaS initiatives while better aligning with SaaS best practices in order to meet the needs of the market.  The investments we're making now will allow us to play offense to capture the market demand. Third, we believe our new SaaS strategy will accelerate a major growth driver for PTC. Giving us more pathways to mid-teens growth in the mid-term, and helping to de -risk our growth ambitions.  Meanwhile, cost savings from the restructuring itself are expected to de -risk our free cash flow growth targets even if the growth should prove slower to materialize than I expect. Turning to Slide 18, owning the industry's only cloud-native CAD and PLM combo has been a big advantage.  By comparing our Onshape and Arena businesses work as compared to the balance of BDC. We can see that certain ways in which PTC has been organized are quite inefficient. At the same time, we see an opportunity to serve customers better too, and that's why we're choosing to evolve our organization to be more SaaS-like. I'd like to review several of the larger changes.  Previously in addition to working with sales, our customers would have more than a half dozen touch points across our broad customer success organization, including renewal sales, pre sales, post-sales consulting, customer success management, technical support, our cloud organization, a group called customer experience and others. In comparison, most SaaS companies have a 2 in the box model where each customer has just 1 sales and 1 customer success contact.  Not only is PTC's current model inefficient, perhaps more importantly, customers hate being repeatedly passed from one contact to another as they proceed through their journey with PTC. So we are re-configuring to deploy the same tool box model, the SaaS companies utilize. This reconfiguration has no impact on the sales side of the equation. In fact, the sales side of the equation -- in fact, we're adding direct quota carrying capacity into the current model.  Aside from where we expand coverage, the vast majority of customers will retain the same sales contacts they know and love today. The bigger change for the customer will be that they now have one customer success contact rather than many. There's nothing but goodness here for everybody.  Customers prefer this model and it will save PTC a lot of money as it is much more scalable. The other major changes on the product development, delivery and support side. With Onshape and Arena or any true SaaS Company. This is all done by a single organization using modern DevOps practices.  But within the core PTC product lines the development, cloud delivery, and technical support organizations have been entirely separate. With the latter two belonging to the field organization. You simply can't get to SaaS that way. As part of our reorganization, we have merged our cloud delivery and technical support groups into the product organization to mirror the modern SaaS practices deployed by Onshape and Arena and everybody else in the SaaS world.  This too will create significant operating efficiencies and a much improved customer experience at the same time. Nothing but goodness here to. To better understand the demand drivers, let's take a look at an illustrative value proposition on slide 19, typical of what customers see in the transition from on-premise to SaaS.  For every dollar a customer pays PTC or any other vendor for on - prem PLM, they have an estimated additional $2 to $3 and cost of ownership associated with on-premise servers and store agent system administrators plus SI who help with on-site installations and upgrades and all that. Their total cost of ownership can be $3 to $4.  When the deployment, maintenance, and delivery responsibility for the software is shifted back to PTC, we can leverage significant efficiencies to serve that same functionality back to the customer for roughly an incremental dollar at margins that are attractive to us. Therefore, each dollar of on-premise software ARR today represents potentially $2 of future SaaS, ARR for PTC plus a savings of a dollar or 2 for the customer.  The customer also gets to enjoy the many other benefits of SaaS. It is device-agnostic. It's ideal for a hybrid work environment. Data is shared with employees and suppliers in real-time. Plus no more upgrades to do as everyone is always on the latest version. This value proposition for SaaS is not really new news to any of you, it's what Marc Benioff at salesforce.com has been espousing for 2 decades now.  More than half of the overall commercial software industry has already made this pivot. But that's not yet the case in our world of industrial software, where SaaS has low single-digit penetration. As Salesforce did in CRM, some Company will have to lead the way to SaaS and the CAD and PLM industry. We think the time is right for industrial companies to move to SaaS and PTC is best positioned to lead that transition.  Turning to Slide 20, we've been delivering more and more new PLM projects as SaaS in recent years, as customer preference has shifted there. But going forward, we will make SaaS our primary delivery model and deliver on-premise only when required by the customer. But we also have a large existing customer base with on-premise systems. In order for existing customers to get the SaaS, each customer has to go through a lift and shift process.  This process entails lifting the on-premise deployment, upgrading, and decustomizing it as necessary to eliminate technical debt, and then shifting it into the PTC Cloud from where we can serve it back to the customer as a service. We plan to focus the lift and shift program first on Windchill, where the biggest opportunity lies and bring Creo and other products into the fold in subsequent phases over time.  So you may be wondering, will, how will this. Helped to accelerate growth? The answer is that our organizational changes, and the associated wave of investment, enable us to scale up to make SaaS the default for new sales, and start to lift and shift process now, here in fiscal22, though the value proposition for transitioning to SaaS 's sound, we still have to go through a sales cycle of each customer.  Returning the sales teams lose now with this proposition, and we expect the first projects to begin showing up in the back half of fiscal 22, The Windchill SaaS capability will be deployed into Azure and into the manufacturing Cloud at that. So Microsoft is eager to help us sell this proposition. I'd like to think of this project as the last upgrade for each customer.  Because when the lift and shift projects done then PTC will take it forward from there. Therefore, a good time to sell this program is whenever customers start planning their next upgrade. Customers tend to upgrade Windchill systems, once every 2 or 3 years, so we get a shot at a good portion of the base each year and expect success to accelerate in fiscal 23 and beyond.  There are thousands of Windchill deployments out there, so I anticipate this process will take numerous years, perhaps a decade, and we won't get them all. Naturally we'll focus first on the most ready customers and work on the long tail further out. In the end, I expect we will ultimately get about 75% of the customers to transition and we'll continue to offer on-premise variance of the product. Born of the same code-stream on an indefinite basis for those who do not want SaaS. PTC is all-in on SaaS. The program we're launching is a major cross-functional effort on par with the highly successful program.  We executed the move from perpetual to where we are today with 98% of our software revenue now being subscription. Like that subscription program, the SaaS transition program involves numerous changes to our offerings, to our pricing and packaging, to compensation, and more. We have the same program leader driving it.  An important difference though, is that the SaaS transition program is all about growth acceleration within the recurring software business model, we currently have in place. Which means we will not have the same, same so-called valley of depth effect that our cash flow went back, that went through back then? Now we'll have all of the gain, but none of that pain.  Taking you deeper into the elements of this program will be a key agenda topic at our December Investor Day. One last related change we're making is to organize into two main business units as shown on Slide 21. With plans to leverage SaaS now in place and underway across the entire Company, it no longer makes sense to have a SaaS business unit per say.  Therefore, we plan to reunite Vuforia AR with the CAD PLM and IoT product lines into a business unit designed to promote higher levels across selling, across this integrated product portfolio. This new business unit, which focuses on the digital transformation driver, will be all about growing the base and leading them to SaaS.  It will be called the Digital Thread Business Unit to reflect the highly integrated nature of its portfolio of products. Troy Richardson has been our Chief Operating Officer for the past year, is being promoted to become a president of this business unit. Troy has already been managing them, go-to-market side of these businesses. But now the product developments are more important to him as well to drive tight alignment.  Naturally, I'll stay involved in the technology road map because as you probably know, that's where my passion lies. You'll get more time with Troy Richardson at the upcoming Investor Day. Onshape and Arena will remain together under their current President, Mike DiTullio.6 This will be called the velocity business unit, to reflect that the Cloud-native pure SaaS value proposition of Onshape and Arena is most attractive to companies who want to deploy agile product development processes and move fast.  This business unit is all about disrupting the competition and landing new logos, which in many cases are SMB customers. But we are seeing larger companies being drawn to Onshape and Arena solutions still because their existing vendor simply doesn't have anything that compares.  Companies like Gear Motion, for example, the $4 billion automotive turbocharger Company we've profiled at our fiscal 2020 Investor Day last year, who switched to Onshape from a high-end CAD competitor to gain increased business velocity. You'll have more time with Mike DiTullio too at the Investor Day. [Indiscernible] business unit’s presidents report to me. I help drive their respective strategies while Troy and Mike preside over the operating cadence of each business unit.  A related change is that the Atlas platform will move under our very capable CTO, Steve Dertein, who will develop the shared platform to meet the needs of both units. Steve will continue to report to me. I know that was a lot of information to take in. Turning to Slide 22. Let me summarize and then I'll hand it back to Kristian for more specific go-forward guidance.  First from a top-line perspective, our SaaS acceleration pivot unlocks another powerful multiyear growth catalyst for PTC and our shareholders. Exiting fiscal '21 Creo and Windchill together represent more than $1 billion of ARR growing double-digits organically.  This growth pattern has been in place for 4 years now, right through the pandemic, with the strong performance driven by the role both products play in the digital transformation strategies of industrial companies. With the SaaS program that we're launching, we're layering an additional growth driver into this core business that we expect could last a decade.  Therefore, in our core business, we see double-digit ARR growth being sustainable well into the future. Together with the growth drivers in IoT and AR, plus Onshape and Arena, we're creating more pathways to drive ARR growth to the mid-teens. In my deal, PTC's growth story's alive and well. Second from a bottom-line perspective, the strategic improvements we're making will drive up our cash contribution margins considerably and help de -risk our cash flow targets under a broader range of ARR growth scenarios.  Kristian will expand on this. Given our confidence in growth coupled with the higher margins, we remain committed to the midterm free cash flow targets that we set at our Investor Day last year. Recall that our guidance was for mid-term free cash flow growth of approximately 25% to 30%. After we get beyond the restructuring payments, we expect to perform in that range. Perhaps earlier than you might have expected.  Our guidance for fiscal 22 assumes we'll get a small positive impact from the SaaS transition in the back half of the fiscal year, which is counterbalanced by slower assumed growth rates in FSG, and somewhat conservative assumptions we have around Rockwell has contribution as they work their way through the Plex integrate.  Let me be clear that our commitment to the partnership with Rockwell remains as strong as ever, and that we are energized to work together because of the great potential we see ahead. In particular, we see tremendous potential for the DPM offering sold through Rockwell and their Calypso consulting app. Kristian, back over to you.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, James. I'll now take you through our financial guidance and go-forward reporting structure. Turning to Slide 24. First, let me reiterate how exciting a time this is for PTC. The restructuring that we're going through right now is really the single biggest somatic investment PTC has made that I can remember.  This reorganization is designed to better align PTC to our SaaS future, and as an interesting consequence it should also derisk our path towards delivering on the midterm ARR and cash flow growth targets we discussed at our Investor Day last November.  Starting with guidance on slide 24, we continue to target mid-teens ARR growth in the mid-term. Jim did a good job of outlining the many pathways we have to get into these targets with the SaaS opportunity in both the velocity and core businesses. With the addition of solutions to the portfolio starting with DPM, coupled with the general strength of the existing portfolio. More specifically, for fiscal22, we expect ARR of 1.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please standby. Today's conference will resume momentarily. Thank you for your patience, your lines will once again be placed on music hold until we resume the call. All right. We are back.
James Heppelmann: This is James Heppelmann, I think we apparently got dropped from the call, which is a brand new experience for us, but I understand this happened just as Kristian was starting out with our FY 2022 guidance. So Kristian, can you pick it up again from the beginning of the FY 2022 guidance discussion.
Kristian Talvitie: Great. Thanks, Jim. So back to the financial guidance and go-forward reporting structure. First, let me reiterate how exciting time this is for PTC. The restructuring we're going through right now is really the single biggest somatic investment PTC has made that I can remember. This reorganization is designed to better align PTC to our SaaS future.  And as an interesting consequence, it should also de -risk our path to delivering on the mid-term ARR and cash flow growth targets we discussed at our Investor Day last November. So starting with guidance on Slide 24, we continue to target getting to mid-teens ARR growth in the mid-term.  Jim did a good job outlining many of the pathways we have to getting to these targets with the SaaS opportunity in both the velocity and core businesses with the addition of solutions to the portfolio starting with DPM, coupled with the general strength of the existing portfolio.  More specifically, for fiscal '22, we expect ARR of 1.615 billion to 1.66 billion. That's a growth rate of 10 to 13% on a constant currency basis. Following four consecutive years of double-digit ARR growth. It's also worth mentioning that we expect continued churn improvement in fiscal 22 and are targeting another 100 basis points improvement.  From a linearity perspective, we would again expect flattish ARR growth throughout the year on a constant currency basis. So using the midpoint of guidance that would imply about 11.5% ARR growth each quarter. Obviously this can fluctuate given bookings, performance, start dates, et cetera. But we believe we provided for that within the range outlined.  The one thing worth pointing out is that ARR growth in Q1 of '22 are expected to be approximately 15% since Q1 '21 did not include ARR for Arena. In order to help with the modeling, we've provided historical constant currency performance in the data tables, on the website and I'll touch more on this in a little bit. Turning to cash flow, we also continue to target approximately 25 to 30% annual free cash flow growth over the mid-term.  For fiscal '22 specifically, we're guiding for free cash flow of approximately $400 million. As a consequence of the restructuring, we're expecting cash outflows of approximately $50 million to $55 million with approximately 2/3 occurring in the first half and the majority of the remaining payments to be made in Q3.  Excluding restructuring, our expected free cash flow in fiscal '22 would be approximately $450 million, representing 25% growth compared to the $359 million we generated in fiscal '21 on the same basis. Doing some directional math and using round numbers on the mid-term targets, this means we would expect free cash flow in the $550 million to $600 million range in fiscal '23 and would expect $700 million to $750 million of free cash flow in fiscal '24.  Regarding the linearity of free cash flow in fiscal 22, excluding restructuring, we expect to see a similar pattern as in fiscal 21 with more than 60% of free cash flow generation in the first half of the year. Collections are stronger in the first half and we expect expenses to increase as we. And hiring and our SaaS investments throughout the year.  As Jim discussed, the restructuring not only creates strategic improvements in how we're organized, but also enhances our profitability profile. So we believe we'll be able to deliver strong free cash flow growth even if we don't accelerate the ARR. Come back to this point on the next slide.  And finally turning to revenue guidance on for fiscal '22 we're expecting revenue of $1.85 billion to $1.98 billion, which corresponds to a growth rate of 2% to 9% on an as-reported basis or 4% to 11% on a constant currency basis. ASC606 makes revenue fairly difficult to predict in the short term for on-premise subscription companies, hence the wide range.  Note that revenue has no impact on ARR or free cash flow as we continue to primarily bill customers annually upfront. And again, over the longer term, we expect recurring revenue growth to align with ARR growth, particularly as we transition the Company to SaaS and evolve towards increasingly ratable revenue recognition.  So moving onto Slide 25 using the same free cash flow model we showed earlier, this slide illustrates a directional view of what fiscal '22 could look like, assuming the approximate midpoint of our ARR guidance range. ARR here grows at approximately 11.5%. Cash generation is up $170 million.  We see continued growth and expenses but given the new operating model, as Jim pointed out earlier, our cash contribution margin expands almost 400 basis points. Said differently, the new operating model is expected to add more than a $120 million of cash contribution margin versus the 60 plus we add as last year on similar slightly less ARR growth.  On the expense front, as Jim mentioned, we're reducing spending in certain areas to fund investments to accelerate our SaaS transition. Additionally, there are some other items that will impact OpEx this year such as the accounting for commissions which is impacted by ASC606, increased travel merit, and so on.  So as far as the P&L is concerned, the net result is that we are guiding for fiscal 22 non-GAAP operating expense to grow by approximately 3% at the midpoint of guidance, which is certainly lower than the 50% of our targeted ARR growth for the year, even though we're significantly increasing our SaaS related spending.  On an organic basis, factoring in the Arena acquisition, which closed in Q2 of fiscal 21, we actually expect non-GAAP OpEx growth to be closer to 2% at the midpoint of our range. We also have a modest. $5 million uptick in CapEx this year. Hawaii cash taxes remained approximately flat and we see some expansion in the other category which is really the restructuring charge and change in working capital as the business grows.  Moving to Slide 26, as you know, we currently present our ARR and revenue in three product categories, core, FSG, and growth. Going forward, as Jim explained, we'll have 2 business units, digital thread and velocity, so to align our reporting with how we look at the business, we'll be changing our ARR and revenue reporting buckets accordingly.  Digital thread will consist of core FSG and also IoT and ARR from the current growth products. And when we report Digital Thread going forward we'll provide forward -- we'll provide the detailed split one level below. On the slide, the categories in bold taxed on the left represent our current disclosure, the categories on the right in bold green text represent our go-forward disclosure. And velocity will consist of Onshape and Arena from the current growth products.  Slide 27 shows what the recast ARR data looks like. I won't spend a lot of time on this as we publish 3 years of historical ARR and revenue data in our new format within the financial data tables file on the IR website. There are a couple of points I would make. First, please note that all of the historical constant-currency ARR figures have been calculated using our fiscal '22 plan FX rates.  Second, in addition to the digital thread and velocity recast, we did We did a small recast of a portion of our view for ARR business, which removes approximately $6 million of ARR in both fiscal 21 and fiscal '20 and $5 million in fiscal '19. We made this change because we've come to realize there are certain buyers with marketing oriented use cases who purchased Vuforia engine for short-term promotions without a true intention to use it on a recurring basis.  The bulk of the Vuforia Suite is unaffected and will continue to be sold on a recurring basis. We adjusted the historical amounts to enable go-forward comparability. And then lastly, just in terms of expectations for fiscal 22, starting with the digital thread core, we are targeting fiscal 22 ARR growth of 10% to 12%.  This is consistent with our historical performance for digital thread growth. We are targeting fiscal 22 ARR growth accelerating back into the 20% plus range. For digital thread FSG, we target fiscal 22 ARR growth of approximately flattish, again, consistent with historical performance and expectations. So in total for digital thread, we're targeting ARR growth of 10% to 12%.  For velocity, we're targeting fiscal 22 ARR growth in the 20 plus percent range given the strength of both Arena and Onshape. Moving on to Slide 28 and to provide some additional context, the highlight of our guidance assumptions. They're all listed in our press release and I've covered a few of them already, so I won't cover them all here. One point worth calling out is that we target to return approximately 50% of our cash flow to shareholders through share repurchases. In fiscal '22 we will also focus on delivering. Therefore, assuming $450 million of free cash flow, excluding restructuring, we would expect our buybacks to be about 25% of that amount with the rest going to delivering.  So wrapping up, we had strong financial performance in fiscal '21, delivered on 4 quarters of meeting our ARR and free cash flow guidance, and this was our fourth consecutive year of double-digit ARR growth, while maintaining discipline on the expense structure. And most importantly, of course, we believe we're well-positioned to deliver on the midterm targets we provided at our Investor Day last November. We're unlocking a significant multiyear catalyst by accelerating our SaaS transition.  And we're also optimizing how we go-to-market with our digital thread and velocity business units. I'm encouraged by how PTC continues to rapidly evolve to meet the needs of our customers. Moving on to Slide 29, we look forward to discussing today's news during the Q&A session and follow-up calls. Also, we will host an investor meeting on December 15th to further discuss our strategy and targets. Please save that date on your calendars. With that, I will turn the call over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for your questions. We do ask that you please limit yourself to 1 question only. Your first question comes from Gal Munda of Berenberg.
Gal Munda: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. The first 1 is just I'd like to understand a little bit around the dynamics around the ARR guide for next year. If you can help us unpack. The guidance is a little bit wider than we have this year to 13%. What you're thinking behind, and what gets you to the higher end of the range versus the lower end of the range? Yeah.
Operator: Everyone, please standby. One moment. Please standby the conference will resume momentarily. Once again, please standby on the conference will resume momentarily. We will return to music hold until the call cameras are on. Thank you for your patience.
James Heppelmann: Thanks. It will still be step-by-step? Yeah. However, it will start sooner and the phases will be dramatically compressed, thanks to $45 million in new spending, which is a lot of new spending.
Gal Munda: Thanks James. Thanks a lot.
James Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Broome of Mizuho Securities.
James Heppelmann: Hey Matt.
Matthew Broome: Hey guys. Just in terms of you mentioned that the $60 million of savings, now you're expecting to free up us as FY 2021. You did talk about saving money in your sales organization. But there are other areas where you are planning to spend less and any of those areas and revenue generating activities, just trying to get a better understanding of where that $60 million is coming from.
Operator: Apologies, everyone. Please standby. Once again, we will be on music hold until the conference can resume. Thank you so much for your patience. We are back and your back on with Matthew Broome.
Matt Shimao: Matt great to be on with you. Can you please re-ask your question? Thank you.
James Heppelmann: Maybe we should go to the next question.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from Ken Wong of Guggenheim Security Partners.
Ken Wong: Thanks for taking my questions and to make you feel better, supposedly HubSpot ran into some issues at the beginning as well. So not to this [Indiscernible].
Matt Shimao: Thanks. But no, it doesn't make us feel better.
Ken Wong: I feel like someone in the [Indiscernible] that people forgot to make their picks for the question is now falling on me, this is great. So lots of moving pieces here. I just wanted to touch on -- as far as the Cloud transition as you guys are changing tires while the car is still in motion, should we think about the near-term guidance, the outlook as maybe being a little more conservative?  And then as you look longer-term, you start to feel more confident because like you said, there are more, I guess there's more optionality. Is that the right way to think about how you're approaching the next few years? Or if I'm wrong there, please let me know if you guys have a different approach in terms of how we should be thinking about the numbers that you guys laid out.
Kristian Talvitie: Yeah. I mean, I think to a degree, right? For sure. I mean, setting aside and macro and the fact that we don't have a crystal ball there and everything like that. We're launching a major SaaS initiative, but don't have in our guide big assumptions it will hit this year. I think it will hit next year and hit even harder in the years that follow. But we haven't planned a lot into this year.  Partly because, again, we need to get this earnings call out there, we need to launch everything, we need to start the sales cycles, and then we need to close the orders. And if you put 6 to 9 month sales cycles on things and we're not exactly sure how long it will take, but 6 to 9 months lands you in Q3 or Q4 already. And so we're just not sure. Then when the start dates might be and all that type of stuff.  So we're fairly conservative about the cloud impact to fiscal '22, but quite bullish about it to fiscal '23, '24, '25, and beyond. The other thing is as we've said, we're a little bit conservative, more so than in past years as it relates to Rockwell. It could be wrong there, but we're just saying, let's not get ahead of ourselves in case they get distracted with this integration Plex. I don't think Rockwell thinks they'll get distracted, but again, we're just trying not to get out over [Indiscernible].
Matthew Broome: And as far as all the sales motion that are going to change the 2 in the box, I guess have you had efficiently factored in potential disruption to this year as you guys worked through that or is it kind of these motions or just kind of typical PTC and you guys feel you can pivot on the fly here.
James Heppelmann: Yeah well, what's happening on the sales side of the two in the box is pretty typical stuff that happens every year and which is to say not that extreme. A few more resources here and shifting a little bit what are overlays and not overlays, things like that. That's pretty typical. And I don't see any unusual degree of risk there whatsoever. What's happening on the other side is a little bit more dramatic, but frankly, most of that is what happens after the customer buys from us.  And I actually think it's all good changes anyway. So I don't see that disrupting sales, I see it actually making customers happy because they stop getting passed around from one person to another and having to re-explain who they are and all that kind of stuff. So I don't know. I don't think it's a high-risk change. Certainly, I don't see it that way. And we're eager to go execute it.
Ken Wong: Got it. Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Broome of Mizuho Securities.
James Heppelmann: Okay Matt, sorry, we didn't get to you last time around. We're going to try to disconnect halfway through your questions.
Matthew Broome: Nowhere to tell. My question was just about the $50 million in relative savings of FY21. You did mention saving money in your sales organization, but in what other areas that you're spending less to free that money out? And is that likely to affect any sort of revenue generating activities?
James Heppelmann: Yeah, no. Again I want to be clear it's not in sales. It's really in customer success, where we used to have many organizations that took turns talking to customer. They all had management change. They all had overlapping responsibilities, etc. So the place we've taken the most money out of would be in customer success.  The stuff that happens after the customer buys. And we're doing that not by just reducing capability, but by simply implementing a much more efficient model with many less silos, much less management involved, and so forth. So that's all, goodness. There are other places we'll have efficiencies. Let me give you an example. If you belong to a field organization working technical support, your mission is to make the customer happy even if it means solving the same problem dozens or hundreds of times quickly.  If you're part of the product organization, your goal is to go back and talk to the product guys and tell them, make this product go away in the SaaS offering quickly, so that no other customers are even aware that it ever did exist. You can see those real efficiencies in terms of how you solve customer problems.  Are you trying to make them happy while they have the problem? And repeat that hundreds of thousands of times or are you trying to make the problem go away so that the rest of the customers never knew it happened? Just to summarize. These are great efficiencies that we're going to go pursue.
Matthew Broome: Now that makes a lot of sense. If I could also just ask just given the [Indiscernible] how the unfavorable change in relationships with the channel and does it change that rolling in anyway?
Kristian Talvitie: Yeah, I think if you look at the different classes of partners, it affects them differently. Let's start with Microsoft elated about this as you might expect, because it will bring a lot of business their way.  If you look at Rockwell, Rockwell too is leaning into SaaS, and frankly, all of our SaaS products are easier for Rockwell to digest and to deliver onto their customers then would be the on-premise variance. So I think Rockwell quite likes the strategy and maybe some of their own thinking about SaaS was born in our boardroom i don't know. You'd have to ask Blake that, but I might speculate.
James Heppelmann: And then I think if you look at our resellers, it'll change their world a little bit, they still need to go sell the software. They won't be as evolved in delivering it, but then they are very much involved in the implementation of it at the customer side. So I don't want you to think as it relates to resellers or SIs that SaaS companies don't have SI partners.  My God, Salesforce has a massive SI ecosystem. They just don't install software and perform upgrades at the customer site. They do system integration, they do adoption, and they do business process transformation. They do all that stuff which still has to happen. So that's kind of long term.  I think SIs have to take the posture they have relative to Salesforce and all those other SaaS companies, which will help them through and the bigger ones like Accenture already know that play. And then for the smaller resellers, the other thing worth noting is that most of our resellers sell Creo and Kepler. And those products are further out on the SaaS road map anyway, so that will be several years down the road before we even really come to that bridge.
Matthew Broome: Right. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Celino at KeyBanc Capital Markets.
James Heppelmann: Hi Jason.
Kristian Talvitie: Hi Jason.
Jason Celino: Hi guys. Thanks for fitting me in. A little deja vu here with the transition, but maybe sell the subscription transition on the pricing change. With that transition will be a deployment change. When we think about the Cloud opportunity for PLM, when we think about the sources of possible acceleration, will it be more of a share gain type story or a pricing uplift from the lift and shift?
James Heppelmann: Yes. I think it will be both, but let me first redefine pricing up lift so we don't confuse anybody. We will deliver more value to the customer and they will pay us more for that value while saving money on their side, above and beyond. So is that a pricing increase? I don't know. It's a value increase. And that could drive a tremendous amount of business.  Creo and Windchill are a billion-dollars and you could double $750 million of that over a decade with that $750 million of more value delivered to the customer base and monetize. However, what we're seeing with Arena and to a degree with Windchill is we have the cloudiest sassiest solutions in the market and that does help take share.  Every piece of business that Arena is winning. They're taken from somebody else or it's a start-up Company that they're winning on somebody else's expense. And Arena is a fastest growing P1 solution in the market right now. So I do think it's both, and you know exactly what the balance would be, I don't know. I do think monetizing the customer base by delivering more value is a high probability and it will drive a lot of growth by itself.
Jason Celino: Excellent. Thank you.
James Heppelmann: Welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Vruwink of Baird.
James Heppelmann: Hey Joe.
Kristian Talvitie: Hi. Great. Hi everyone. Just focus on new Digital Thread Business Unit. It maybe seems like there is rising interest in both platform deals. I just think about the way Rockwell expanded, the scope of the partnership so with more products or even both. I think when they were talking about the big CAD PLM deal, they spoke about this better pairing with existing IoT they have set up in their clients.  So I'm just wondering, A, am I characterizing the demand environment correctly and then B, does the new business unit actually allow you to maybe better execute time cross-sold, done house than the case?
James Heppelmann: Yeah well, let me hit the second question first. The new business unit is fundamentally formed to help us better execute on cross sells, because we do see that platform deal structure happening more and more. The example you gave with Global, I could repeat a dozen more examples of that, of customers who started with 1 product and pretty soon they have 2 and then 3 and they're trying off the fourth one and so forth. And we think that our products Creo, Windchill ThingWorx, Vuforia work beautifully together.  Like voices in a choir, they make beautiful music together. And rather than selling these things separately, yes, we can use them all as entry points, but let's pursue entry points that then can be up-sold and cross-sold, And so, I think Troy Richardson was one of the first people to ask, why don't you guys configure differently -- us guys now that he's here, but why don't we configured differently and go pursue this harder, this cross-sell motion, so that's exactly what we're doing is that's a little bit how the name digital thread came to be.
Joe Vruwink: Great thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tyler Radke of Citi.
James Heppelmann: Hey, Taylor.
Tyler Radke: Hey, good evening. I wanted to ask you a little bit more about the TLM SaaS transition. It sounds like that's starting now, so assume that in some ways that products already obviously, it's probably going to get better over time. But how are you thinking about pricing as a lever to push customers towards that? Whether it'd be price increases on the on-time side or maybe initial discounts to get early customers over to the SaaS offering.
James Heppelmann: Yes. Well, let me comment on the first part of your question and then the second part. So again, we've been on boarding customers' SaaS for a while with PLM. And think of it that they're coming in at one margin and what our goal is to make improvements behind the scenes that take them to another margin even at the same cost to the customer. So whether it's single-tenant, multi-tenant, if you're the customer on the customer end, you don't even know.  But we on the PTC end, we see the efficiencies we're gaining or not gaining, we do know. And so a lot of our investment is aimed at making the product more efficient for PTC to deliver, as opposed to different from the usage end at the customer side. Now that said, if you look what we did with the subscription program, we pulled every lever we could come up with. Do you remember that program when we used to talk about it, we used to say, and I don't know Kristian.  Kristian actually was the program executive. We had 28 work-streams and 300 people working on it. We changed pricing and packaging to favor subscription over at the time perpetual. We paid more commission on a perpetual deal. We had certain offerings they were only -- I'm sorry we paid more commission I said that wrong on a subscription deal.  We had certain offerings that were only available, attractive sexy offerings including the answer stuff by the way, there was only available subscription. So we basically stack the deck in every customer conversation in a way that everybody wanted it to go subscription. We got the band back together, we're putting the same program together, and we’ll stack the deck again in favor of SaaS this time.
Tyler Radke: Thank you.
Operator: Your Next question comes from Adam Borg of Stifel.
James Heppelmann: Hello, Adam.
Adam Borg: Thanks so much for taking the question. Just real quickly on IoT, I think you mentioned during the prepared remarks that it was slightly below our expectations in the quarter. So maybe to talk a little bit more about what led to that. And the confidence you have in that improving in fiscal '22, maybe even in the context of DPM. Thanks so much.
James Heppelmann: Yes. So first Adam, let's be clear. Exactly what I said. Bookings in the quarter were very strong. However, much of the bookings in a Q4 does not land in the ARR in the Q4, it's back to that start base discussion. What I said is that ARR was less than we wanted it to be. It was mid-teens and frankly, we've said we wanted to have a 2 handle. Now, bookings in every quarter of fiscal '21 were higher than the previous year quarter in fiscal '20.  So there is some bookings momentum happening. And then another thing is we launched this DPM solution that frankly we've been working for 2 years. It's a major piece of software that we launched in, already has quite some customer interest. So we feel like the combination of the bookings momentum we have including and especially in Q4 and then the launch of DPM and the trends we're seeing. They bode well for what should happen next year.
Adam Borg: Great, thanks so much.
James Heppelmann: Hi, Operator. I think we have time for maybe one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Your final question comes from Blair Abernethy of Rosenblatt Securities.
James Heppelmann: Hey, Blair.
Kristian Talvitie: Hey, Blair.
Blair Abernethy: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the time. Just two quick things. First on the DPM, Jim, what's sort of the -- is there a shift in the go-to-market with this solution of R and are their more solutions coming this year, next year in behind us.
James Heppelmann: Yeah, I think what she should I think first of all, is it DPM, will become a category of solutions. And what we're launching first is DPM for factory. Digital performance management of what happens in a factory. There will be solutions that are more focused on digital performance management of a fleet of products out in the field at customer sites.  But fundamentally what we are trying to do is move from selling a toolkit where the customer does the solutioning themselves to selling a turnkey solution with a very strong value proposition, sold to executives not to developers, sold on the basis of the business value it will generate, and then implemented quickly in the production.  So yeah, it's a very different sales motion. I mean, number one, we're selling to executives not selling to developers. Number 2, we're selling business value, not speeds and feeds, technical stuff. And I think it's really where we wanted to take this business for a while. So I'm very pleased with the solution.  It took us a while to develop it, as I said, but it's a powerful piece of software and it really gives us a new platform to build on going forward with IoT. It makes IoT f I could, a lot like how we sell PLM. We sell PLM to executives based on business value. We were selling IoT to developers as a toolkit, and now we'll sell PLM and DPM as business value to executives. Different executives mind you but executives. Great. Thank you. Well, Operator maybe I'll just take it from here. First again my apologies. This is like the strangest earnings call I've had again, and it's the 44th one as CEO. So it's a bit odd, but nonetheless, I think we got a lot of good information out there and you guys had some great questions and I appreciate it. So in closing, I mean, we're in a great place. I really like PTC setup going forward.  The changes we announced are good for growth, they're good for profitability. They're going to put us in a stronger position to hit both the top-line and bottom-line targets that we have out there. So we're looking forward to continuing a discussion with you on follow-up calls at investor conferences.  I'm going to be at the Berenberg Conference, at least virtually next week or I guess it's 2 weeks out maybe, it’s No, it's next week. And we look forward to seeing you at our investor meeting on December 15th. So thanks, everybody, and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-07-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the PTC 2021 Third Quarter Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions.  I would now like to turn the call over to Emily Walt PTC's Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead Ma'am.
Emily Walt: Thank you, Peter. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us for PTC's conference call to discuss our third quarter 2021 financial results. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer.  Before we get started, please note that today's comments included forward-looking statements, including statements regarding future financial guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in PTC's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. As a reminder, we will be referring to operating and non-GAAP financial measures during today's call. Discussion of our operating metrics and the items excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release and related Form 8-K. Lastly we’ll be referencing our earnings presentation today, which you can find posted on our IR website.  And with that, let me turn the call over to Jim. 
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Emily. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. I hope you and your families are well during these continued uncertain times. I'm pleased to share that PTC has welcomed many of our vaccinated employees back to our offices where requirements allow and we look forward to the day when we can do this on a global scale. Meanwhile, we're monitoring the growing concern with the Delta variant of the virus and hoping this new development doesn't lead to another round of business lockdowns. Before I dive into the quarter, I want to share some important news on the Investor Relations front. Emily is been doing a great job holding down the fort since Tim Fox left. But keeping up with IR demands is a big job and Emily was happy to hear that reinforcements are on the way. I'm pleased to announce the hiring of Matt Shamal [ph] as our new Senior VP of Investor Relations. Matt came to us as a recommendation from one of our largest investors and he came out on top following a thorough search process. Matt comes to us with a finance background in several successful stints on both the corporate side and the sell side of investor relations. He's a strategic thinker, and we're excited to bring him on Board. Turning to Slide four, with three quarters behind us, our guidance for FY '21 has us right on track to deliver mid-teens ARR growth and $340 million of free cash flow this year. That would be a fourth consecutive year of double digit top line ARR growth. And I anticipate we'll be discussing a fifth consecutive year of double digit ARR growth when we guide fiscal '22 in 90 days or so. While the stronger PMI numbers that we're seeing, can only be helpful. I'm pleased to see that PTC is earning a reputation as a company that can consistently perform at high levels in good times and in bad.  In preparing for this call, I thought back to where we were a year ago. With shutdown orders in place, empty offices and factories, and schools contemplating how to educate from home. Against that chaotic backdrop, I'm very pleased with the results that PTC has been able to deliver right through the pandemic.  Some years back in the days when our portfolio was narrower and sold in a perpetual model, our business was much more cyclical. But consistent, reliable performance is always what we strive for and we did the difficult work to earn that. The type of steady organic top line growth performance you see from PTC hasn't been the rule in our peer group, especially among our most direct CAD and PLM competitors. I attribute our superior performance to a better business model, to tremendous strength across our entire portfolio, and to growth drivers that are now more secular than cyclical. In terms of growth drivers, PTC is well positioned for the future. The new logo success of our Onshape and arena businesses demonstrates the growing demand for SAS technologies. We see PLM joining IoT and augmented reality is key digital transformation technologies for industrial companies and years of market outgrowth in the CAD business space to the innovation we've reignited there. Turning now to Slide five so we can get into the Q3 details. PTC delivered another strong performance in top line ARR and bottom line free cash flow in the third quarter. Bookings grew in the mid-30s, a strong rebound in comparison to a year ago when bookings declined. In the top line category, we had a very solid quarter, with ARR growth of 18% or 15% in constant currency to $1.42 billion. Growth was driven by solid performance in our growth businesses, continued momentum in our core business, where we again outpaced market growth, and by a solid contribution from Arena Solutions. On an organic basis ARR grew 14% or 11% in constant currency in Q3, in line with our guidance. To close out the top line category, revenue growth of 24% as reported was driven by strong execution, aided by the impact of ASC 606 revenue recognition policies, plus of course, the Arena contribution. Switching to the bottom line category, we delivered strong free cash flow of $85 million and non-GAAP EPS growth of 34%, reflecting a combination of strong top line results, combined with continued operating expense discipline, even while we also invest for growth. We continue to feel confident about our FY '21 target of $340 million in free cash flow. Moving to Slide six, digital transformation remains our main secular driver of growth. You may remember last quarter I shared our new tagline, digital transforms physical. These three words are captured in our logo, and embody how PTC thinks about our long-term strategy. PTC is a digital company, but our customers do business in the physical world, making physical products in physical factories, and servicing those products at physical customer sites.  In my live works keynote in June, and again at our global partner summit in July, I outlined the power of PTC's unique digital transformation story that has one foot in the digital world and one foot in the physical world. We tell customers that our digital transforms your physical, and by that we mean we help customers use digital to define, manage, connect and augment physical products. Our portfolio is already transformative. But now with SaaS PTC is at the very forefront of thinking about how customers will use digital to disrupt physical in terms of taking an entirely different approach across the hardware, software and system administration of their IT systems. SaaS is surely coming to our market, as it has so many other B2B software markets and PTC has carved out an enviable leadership position. We now have the most to gain from this disruptive force. With that as context, let's take a look at the respective contributions of the FSG, core and growth segments of our portfolio. Moving to Slide seven, you'll see that ARR in our Focused Solution Group showed growth of 4% or 1% constant currency, which aligns with that growth expectations for this segment. ARR growth for our core business was 14% or 11% at constant currency. Our growth segment saw 60% ARR growth with 23% organic constant currency growth, reflecting on one hand, some lingering hangover from COVID but counterbalanced by solid performances from our Onshape AR and Arena SaaS Solutions. Let's go a click deeper into the main elements of our large core and growth segments. Turning to Slide eight, our CAD team delivered another impressive quarter with ARR growth in the low double digits, reflecting growth across all geos and an improving demand environment. The additional features and functionalities that Creo 7 delivers, including Creo simulation live and Creo Ansys Simulation, continue to demonstrate the power and differentiation of Creo.  In addition, last quarter, we announced Creo 8, which includes the generative design extension module called GTX, which is based on our Atlas SaaS platform. While it's still early days for Creo leveraging Atlas, this module is a great example of how PTC plans to deliver innovative SaaS based capabilities as we systematically transition our core products to SaaS. On Slide nine, a great example of how CAD, generative design and real time simulation, making enormous impact can be found at HPE COXA, a provider of products engineering solutions, and technology projects for the performance automotive and motorsports sectors. The company designs and manufactures car components, and complete systems for some of the highest profile super premium sports car our brands around the globe. Inefficiencies in a multi-step, multi software approach to design were causing miscommunication between design and analysts teams, which delayed production times and cause customer satisfaction risks. By adopting fully integrated and streamlined generative simulation and additive technology workflows in Creo, HPE COXA simplified the design sequencing, reduced overall design and production time and improved design agility and time to market. Moving on to Slide 10, in our PLM business, you'll see that PLM continued to deliver very strong performance with another mid-teens ARR growth quarter. From a geographic perspective in Q3, we saw broad based strength across all our geos and in our customer base, with a solid quarter in the reseller channel. And we saw increased demand for PLM through the Microsoft alliance. Another proof point suggesting more customers are understanding the critical role that PLM plays in their digital transformation initiatives. Incidentally, during the quarter, we won three more Partner of the Year awards from Microsoft. On Slide 11 we profile a win with Cellcentric, a Daimler truck and Volvo joint venture, which helps hydrogen fuel cells or which develops hydrogen fuel cell systems and believes that PTC's PLM solution is best-in-class. As the deadline of becoming an independent entity loomed on the horizon, Cellcentric knew they needed a PLM backbone in place quickly. PTC delivered our cloud-based Windchill offering, establishing a best-in-class application landscape for PLM in a great competitive displacement. Moving on to our growth businesses, I'll begin with IoT on Slide 12. IoT delivered high-teens year-over-year ARR growth driven by strength in Europe and APAC. Rockwell was the largest reseller of IoT in the quarter. On Slide 13, we discussed how Eaton, a multinational power management company, saw the need to deploy a digital transformation strategy across their enterprise. Our factory insights as a service, IoT application helped to deliver quick wins, forming a digital foundation upon which they can easily add more use cases. Eaton was able to realize multiple improvements including improved OEE, reduction in unscheduled maintenance, reduction in manual efforts, and 100% worker compliance with SOPs. Let me shift to our augmented reality business on Slide 14, The Vuforia augmented reality team again delivered strong results in Q3, with ARR growing across all geos. We saw improving retention and expansion rates, and the opportunity to cross sell into the larger PTC portfolio is gaining momentum. This quarter we also announced the new ARR product, Vuforia Instruct, a unique Atlas based SaaS solution designed to enable enterprises to leverage 3D CAD data to deliver -- create, deliver and scale interactive AR work instructions to optimize inspection procedures. When you consider that two-thirds of manufacturers are still using paper based inspection processes, you can appreciate how Instruct delivers considerable value to our customers. Vuforia resonates with the customers we engaged through our alliance with Microsoft and one of the awards we won this quarter was Partner of the Year in mix reality. On Slide 15, you'll see an innovative example of the use of augmented reality that come from Stannah, a UK company dedicated to the design, production and service of residential and commercial stairlifts. Stairlifts are customized systems configured for and installed in the consumers' home to help those with difficulty navigating stairs, for example, to move from the first floor living room to the second floor bedroom. Stannah leveraged Vuforia to create an AR application that allows customers to see how a customized 3D hologram chairlift could fit in work in their homes.  With COVID, limiting the amount of face to face interaction by sales and service teams, Vuforia enabled a customer centric tool that could be used by sellers during the sales cycle, to help potential buyers visualize a residential stairlift in their home. Stannah saw increased purchase confidence, improved differentiation against competitors and shorter sales cycles through improved customer communication. Turning now to Slide 16, Onshape delivered a very strong quarter, with ARR growth of 40% year-over-year. We had a very strong bookings quarter in the Onshape core commercial business with larger deal sizes and stronger renewals, thanks to a maturing product. Onshape continues to gain share in the education market tool, as schools and students turn to SaaS based solutions for mobility and ease of everything.  Looking ahead to Q4 we see a strong pipeline for both the commercial and larger account enterprise business. Turning to Slide 17, is fun highlighting customer stories especially when that customer is solving a problem through innovation. Delta development in R&D companies specializing in military applications for cooling and heating systems in extreme environments was contracted to design and manufacture and autonomous portable refrigeration unit for deployment by medics on the battlefield. The company was seeking to reduce its IT overhead, which had been taking up 20% of the engineering team's product design time.  By moving from an on premise CAD system that took a lot of care and feeding to Onshape, the time loss associated with software installations, licensing and regular system upgrades was eliminated. They both reclaimed the 20% of their design capacity, and at the same time enabled real time collaboration on 3D designs across a distributed team environment. Moving to Arena on Slide 18. Arena continues its growth trajectory, delivering ARR growth of over 20%. Arena seeing strong traction with upselling as they increase penetration in the current customer environments, and keep retention rates high. By all measures Arena looks to be a great acquisition. I'm also pleased to note that we opened our first European Arena sales operation during the quarter. Turning to Slide 19 NEXTracker, a flex company is one of the fastest growing cleantech companies in solar, offering next generation solar power plants with smart solar trackers and energy storage solutions. The company lacked a single source to track and manage its engineering design and development processes. They needed a better way to manage product information across distributed teams to enable automated approvals and to improve tracking and accountability.  With Arena, NEXTracker was able to reduce review and approval times by nearly 60%. Eliminate time zone delays with global partners and accelerate product introductions by 25%. Arena has helped NEXTrackers significantly improve the way they design and get products to market. Naturally, I'm pleased that PTC has been able to complement the strong performance of Creo and Windchill in the traditional market, with breakout performance from Onshape and Arena in the burgeoning SAS market of tomorrow. The success we're having with Onshape and Arena in the small and mid-market is 100% complimentary to Creo and Windchill success in larger companies. Geographic performance was strong on a global basis. And as shown on Slide 20, reflecting the performance trends we've seen year-to-date, America's ARR growth of 21% was driven by solid core performance and Arena. Europe ARR grew 9% consistent with several prior quarters, with strength in CAD, PLM and improving growth in IoT, as we work toward full recovery from COVID there. APAC delivered the fourth quarter in a row of mid-teens ARR growth with strong performance in core and growth businesses. Summarizing the state of the business, on Slide 21. We're pleased with the general good health of PTC across all of its different dimensions and moving parts and we look forward to wrapping up a great year of ARR and free cash flow growth here in FY '21.  With that, I'll turn it over to Kristian to take you through more details on the financial results and guidance.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Jim. Good afternoon, everyone. Before I review our results I'd like to note that I’ll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance and most of the growth rate references will be in constant currency. So let me start off with a review of our third quarter results, and then we'll review guidance for fiscal '21.  Turning to Slide 23, fiscal Q3 ARR of $1.42 billion increased 15% year-over-year and on an organic basis ARR grew 11%. Q3 free cash flow of $85 million was solid and in line with our expectations. Q3 revenue of $436 million increased 24% year-over-year as reported, or 19% in constant currency.  Revenue performance was driven by strong execution, and also reflects the impact of ASC 606 on revenue recognition, as well as a modest contribution from Arena. The strong revenue growth along with continued financial discipline resulted in non-GAAP EPS growth of 34% year-over-year. Turning to page 24, I’ll begin with the balance sheet. We ended Q3 with cash of $366 million and $1.5 billion of gross debt with an aggregate interest rate of about 3.1%. We paid down $30 million on our revolving credit facility during the quarter. With our leverage ratio, now less than three times which we told you as our goal, we expect to be in the market buying back shares in Q4. Now, turning to guidance, Slide 25 highlights a few of the key guidance assumptions and while our assumption on the impact of currency on ARR has changed from neutral to an approximately 60 basis point tailwind. The rest of our guidance assumptions remain the same as they have throughout the year. So putting our ARR guidance into perspective and turning to Slide 26. Last quarter, we told you that we expected fiscal '21 ARR to be 1.45 to 1.47 billion, a growth rate of 14% to 16%. This assumes 10% to 12% organic growth, 400 basis points from Arena and no FX impact. Our revised guidance range is now $1.45 billion to $1.47 billion, which is still 14% to 16% growth, and assumes 10% to 12% organic growth, 400 basis points from Arena and approximately 60 basis points of currency impact. Regarding ARR linearity in fiscal '21. We've delivered consistent organic constant currency growth around the middle of our guidance range for three quarters and we continue to expect the growth rate to be consistent in Q4 as we close out fiscal '21. Free cash flow is still expected to be approximately $340 million for the full year, growth of approximately 60% year-over-year. Our $340 million free cash flow target also includes approximately $15 million of acquisition related fees, an additional $5 million of incremental interest we expect to pay this year due to the Arena related debt. Approximately $18 million of an unforecasted payment due to a foreign tax dispute and also includes approximately $15 million of restructuring payments. This is offset by incremental cash flow from Arena and free cash flow free cash flow is also net of approximately $25 million of capital expenditures.  As a reminder, collections are stronger in the first half offset by timing of expenses and headcount ramping throughout the year. And as you know, our bond interest payment will hit in the fourth quarter. So we've already delivered more than 90% of the free cash flow target for the year, which is in line with our expectations and has been. Now turning to the P&L guidance, we are raising revenue guidance and EPS guidance for the year. Our prior guidance for fiscal '21 was $1.710 to $1.740 billion a growth rate of 17% to 19%. We're now expecting fiscal '21 revenue of $1.73 3 billion to $1.763 billion a growth rate of 19% to 21%, which includes approximately 200 basis points from Arena and approximately 100 basis points from FX. We're increasing operating margin guidance both on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, a GAAP operating margin increases from 15% to 17%, now to 17% to 19% and non-GAAP operating margin increases from 31% to 32%, now to 32 to 33%. Non-GAAP EPS guidance previously was $3.18 to $3.39 and our revised guidance is now expected to be $3.35 to $3.60. That's growth of 30% to 40%. Turning to Slide 27, our total ARR growth which includes deferred ARR was 12% on an organic basis in Q3, and we expect organic active ARR growth of 10% to 12% and are now expecting approximately $95 million in deferred ARR for the full year, which is up from what we told you last quarter of around $90 million. Wrapping up, we had strong financial performance again in Q3, we delivered double digit ARR growth, while maintaining discipline on our expense structure. As we continue to navigate what still remains a somewhat unsteady macro environment. Year-to-date our performance has positioned as well to deliver attractive double digit top line growth and very strong free cash flow growth for the year.  So with that, I'll turn the call over to the operator and we can begin the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question will come from Saket Kalia with Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Hey, guys, good afternoon, and thanks for taking my questions here. I'll keep it to one maybe for you, Jim. Lots of fun stuff to talk about with the business this quarter. But maybe just to get it out of the way, I think we all saw some of the announcements by Rockwell and PTC inter quarter. So I was wondering if we could get maybe your perspective on how some of those changes maybe sort of impact the economic relationship between you two and how if at all it may be impacts long-term PTC's long-term strategy, in your view. Does that make sense?
James Heppelmann: Yes, sure. Well, the biggest piece of news, of course, was Rockwell acquiring Plex for $2.2 billion or so. So I would say first of all, everybody should know that Plex is 100% complimentary to PTC, we have never ever competed with Plex at all. And, in fact, new Plex is pretty well, because it's run by Bill Berutti, who's one of my better friends in life and reported to me for a dozen years or so. So, Plex is a great company. We know who they were, we kind of had decided that wasn't quite the right fit for us to acquire. But actually, we're pleased to see Rockwell acquire them. And I think there's actually some opportunity for synergies between what Plex does and what PTC does. You might almost think that Rockwell's adding Plex in a way from my perspective to the innovation suite we build together. So I don't see any conflict at all. I think Rockwell will be probably sharing some attention cycles with Plex that maybe had been previously committed to PTC, so we'll have to see how that plays out. But in general, Rockwell is an important partner, they won a Partner of the Year award after they acquired Plex. So I think that the partnership is important. It's sort of built into the business as we run it today, and I don't see anything dramatic changing there going forward. There was also a question somebody else asked me, is Rockwell going to sell their PTC shares? And I would say you probably should ask Rockwell, but certainly they have not suggested to us they're going to and I think their public announcement said they were going to fund the Plex acquisition with new debt and cash on hand.  So I don't think anything really changes in the relationship other than something new came in and on one hand, it's bringing new capabilities that might help us against competitors collectively, and on the other hand we'll have to share attention cycles with it. So that would be my thought there Saket.
Saket Kalia: Got it, very helpful. I'll hop back in queue. Thanks, Jim.
James Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question will come from Matthew Broome with Mizuho.
Matthew Broome: Hi Jim and Kristian. I guess just on that, that general theme. It'd be interesting to see how you sort of updated thoughts on M&A and in particular given recent market events on how you view the electrical CAD market as an adjacent opportunity? Clearly you did make an acquisition in that space itself last year.
James Heppelmann: Yeah, so you're probably referring to some activity between Autodesk and Altium, I'm guessing. So Altium is one of three main printed circuit board designers -- software companies. And then of course, there are other companies that provide integrated circuit software. The integrated circuit software really doesn't have a touch point with our world of CAD and PLM, but the printed circuit board design software does. We have a partnership with Altium. I'd like to find ways to strengthen that partnership, I don't really see us trying to acquire them. For one thing, we'd have to top Autodesk price which I don't know that we're in the mood to do. And then secondarily, I don't think they want to be acquired. So I feel like there's a good opportunity there for us to do more in the partnership, both on one hand with Onshape and Arena, which are a nice fit in the lower part of the market with Altium, but also with Creo and Windchill, which are also a nice fit. So there are many Creo and Windchill customers who put circuit boards in there, otherwise mechanical products. And the same would be true of Onshape and Arena. So there's lots to do there in terms of a partnership, I don't see us trying to acquire them in the near term, given the circumstances, as I know them, We did make a small eCAD acquisition of actually a company called ECAD MCAD. But it really was a very small VL and it really was at the interface of ECAD and MCAD, it was not ECAD capabilities, but it was the ability to import in real time synchronizes between an MCAD product, like Onshape and an ECAD product like Altium. So it's actually going to prove useful in some of the integration activities that we want to do.  But anyway, Altium is a good company, I'm perfectly happy if they remain standalone. And we PTC you know, look forward to strengthening our partnership, because there's lots of synergy on both sides of that partnership.
Matthew Broome: Got it, makes sense. And then I can maybe just quickly ask about, general interest and demand for generative design with the new customer base. Have you seen this option within Creo and how close are we to seeing GD become an integral part of any sort of mainstream design process for cars, and planes and so on?
James Heppelmann: Yeah, I think there's a lot of companies exploring it, trying it out, doing what ifs and proofs of concept. And frankly, they get some pretty good results. But you know, it is a very different way of doing engineering, we always thought of computer aided design, but actually, the computer wasn't so much aiding the designer, it was just simply documenting the ideas. But this really is computer aided design, where the software is providing ideas to the engineer, as opposed to just capturing the engineer's ideas.  That's a different process that people wrap their head around, I'll follow AI around. But like I said, the results are pretty spectacular sometime. So there's definitely a lot of interest. I think it'll take a while to mainstream, but certainly, it's going to be a wave of growth in mechanical CAD over the next five years. I don't think it will come on super strong in the near term.
Matthew Broome: Alright, perfect. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question will come from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital. Your line is open.
Jason Celino: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Jim Onshape and Video in gray [ph] 40% growth, very impressive. AR business doing also quite well. But the growth segment did beat salary the bit to that 23% organic constant currency growth level. Is the overhang spill on IoT side, what gets that the turnaround?
James Heppelmann: Yeah, well, if you look at scale, Jason about 75% of that growth segment in terms of scale as IoT. IoT is a much bigger business because we started bit sooner and really had a lot of success with it. So, in a way, right now, as IoT goes, it has a big influence on the overall performance of the overall gross segment. So most of the slower growth was in IoT and most of it is still related to hangovers from COVID. So if we kind of look at what's happening on the sales front with IoT, I mean, sales have improved year-over-year, they're still not back to where we want them to be. But in general, what we're seeing is a good quantity of deals, but smaller deal sizes, which I just attribute really conservatism around people doing IoT projects in factories, and in general as they come back to speed following COVID. You might remember to that, we mentioned clearly at the beginning of the year that we had a 2 point headwind to growth, in our deferred, what we at the time called backlog, but deferred ARR was a 2 point headwind. Well, a lot of that headwind landed in IoT, because that's the place where our sales were softest, last year. So some of that is now coming home to roost.  Now it's not just what we sell in the quarter, but it's how much backlog did we also take advantage of maturing in the quarter, and that's another pressure that we'll work our way out of as we kind of round trip to COVID impacts of the back half of fiscal '20 and the front half of fiscal '21. Let's say mostly in fiscal '20.
Jason Celino: Okay, great, excellent. Thank you for the call. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: And your next question will come from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Andrew Obin: Yes, good afternoon.
James Heppelmann: Hey Andrew. 
Andrew Obin: Hey, how are you, Jim, Kristian. Question about actually, question about Onshape. You sort of talked about more mature model and sort of approaching larger enterprise customers? Can you just talk about where we are in sort of, A, how larger enterprises and where are you in sort of transitioning this product towards your more core customer base away from small and medium businesses? And if I understood you correctly. Thank you.
James Heppelmann: Okay, Andrew, those are good questions. So first of all, when I use the term enterprise, I was using it as defined by the Onshape team, which generally means an account would take 15 seats or more. It's kind of a small definition of enterprise, for the rest of us at PTC, but that's their definition. So I would say the definition of enterprise used by Onshape is a medium size company, and the commercial business is small companies.  Now, I would tell you that it's just a different buying market. And our Creo software and our Windchill software for that matter, does not participate effectively in the market where Onshape and Arena are making hay right now. So it's all complimentary. And in fact, honestly, we're borrowing a page from the so strategy of 20 years ago when they had SolidWorks in the mid-market and CATIA and ENOVIA in high end of the market. And those two products prospered side by side for 20 some years until they both do a bit old retired.  But it's a strategy that works its market segmentation. And so I don't think that you're going to see Onshape and Arena, put a dent into Creo and Windchill because amongst other things, Creo and Windchill are adopting the SaaS technology called Atlas that makes Onshape so special. So when Onshape stealing larger accounts, it's basically by and large stealing them from SolidWorks. And then cherry picking a few others here and there, but they're starting to get some accounts whose brands you recognize, you might remember we had Garrett Turbo present at an investor day, I believe it was, that's a pretty large company who went from CATIA to Onshape. And really went for all the qualities of SaaS that they love. And of course ease of use and other things of Onshape.  So I think Onshape is an attractive product, it needs to mature more before it really could be a viable replacement for the high end products, generally speaking, but I think it'll start to pick of a lot of medium size accounts and an occasional larger account, who may be is over served by the more expensive, more complicated technology they're otherwise using. 
Andrew Obin: That's a great answer. Thanks so much. I'll get back in the queue.
James Heppelmann: Thanks. Operator? Operator are you muted?
Operator: And your next question will come from Ken Wong with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Ken Wong : Operator came back just in time. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to circle back on Rockwell real quick. I saw you guys mentioned that Rockwell became the largest IoT reseller. Just wondering, is that a new dynamic there? And as we think through some of the earlier discussion points you had with Saket's question, is that a position that you think kind of sustains going forward, kind of based on what we know?
James Heppelmann: Yeah, well Rockwell as a reseller has been growing and growing and growing, and most of that reselling is in the field of IoT and AR, let's be clear on that. And we have many other resellers, but they're largely in CAD and PLM. So Rockwell has become an important reseller for sure of IoT and AR, and I don't see that ending. When I talked to Blake, about how this fits in with his strategy even post Plex.  Blake says, Hey, I need an IoT platform, I need an AR platform, I even want to have a CAD and PLM platform available to me when required, because his competitor, Siemens has that stuff, but not all of IoT and AR, but some IoT and lots of CAD and PLM. So, we remain important to Blake and there's nothing he acquired in the Plex acquisition that supplants any of the capabilities that PTC brought up in the Factory Talk innovation suite.  So I think its Blake and Rockwell strategy, as I understand it, to add Plex to what they're already doing with PTC. And I don't have any issue with that whatsoever, because I think it's complimentary and like I said, maybe even some upside opportunities. I just noted that we're going to be sharing some mindshare with Rockwell, who now has kind of another child in the family let's say, that's going to need some attention too. So I don't think it's going to materially change our partnership.
Ken Wong: Got it. Thanks. Thanks for the insight there Jim.
Operator: And your next question will come from Blair Abernethy with Rosenblatt Securities.
Blair Abernethy : Thanks. Hi, guys, Jim, nice quarter guys. Just want to dig in a little more on Arena, and now that you've ordered for 7ish months. Well, how are you thinking about the go-to-market there for the team? And as vis-à-vis Onshapes pipeline. Are you working those two in parallel, are they coming together. What sort of your thoughts there as we kind of move through into next year?
James Heppelmann: Okay, great question. So first of all, we're very pleased with the performance of Arena, it has, in fact, accelerated since required. Now, there are several things we're doing that I feel like, aren't fully in the game yet. One of them is a link to Onshape. And in fact, we've built some technical integration between the two products, which is easy to do, because they're both SaaS base. And that technical integration is generated some rave reviews from customers.  And if you think about it, any customer who wants SaaS for PLM, they have the religion, and they really want SaaS for everything, including CAD, and vice versa. So we do think there'll be some cross selling there. That might that benefit might accrue more to Onshape in the near term, because Arena accounts tend to be a little bigger, like wanting to see CAD accounts, that might not need PLM. But arena accounts could generate a fair number of KNCs [ph] 15 or more.  So I think there'll be some benefit in both directions, it might help Onshape first, but then the thing we can really do for Arena is to globalize the sales force, because Arena really is a U.S. based business, a tiny bit of business in Europe, and essentially none in Asia other than sometimes an American company might have some users nature, but they're not Asian companies. So we PTC, of course, are much more globally balanced and we have the capabilities to help them kind of spread their operation around the world pretty quickly. And that's underway and as I mentioned, we opened the European and sales operation.  By the way, arena and Onshape both have basically inside sales go-to-market operations, they don't have sales reps, all over the place, you still need a European operation and the right time zones and all that but it's a cost effective go-to-market model, as opposed to kind of a PTC larger accounts where we have outside reps living in all the different countries around the world next to the customers and so forth. So I think we're going to be able to generate some acceleration for Arena to even higher levels next year. But we still need to plan all that out, but we certainly have something to work with.
Blair Abernethy: Great, thank you.
Operator: And your next question will come from Adam Borg with Stifel. Your line is open.
Adam Borg: Great. And thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe just first on the IoT business, can you talk a little bit about there being a hangover? Just curious if you could comment a little bit more about the pipeline as you head into the important fourth quarter?
James Heppelmann: Well, I think if you look at any ARR scream at PPC, its growth rate is a function of bookings, churn, but also start dates, backlog, price increases, and so forth. And again, where IoT has been held back is kind of in deal sizes on new bookings. And in sort of a softer, what we used to call backline -- backlog now called deferred ARR. So, when we look though, at the pipeline, the forecast, I mean, we feel pretty confident and it looks pretty good. So I think we're going to end the year on a strong note, I certainly expect that based on the forecast on the pipeline. And I think we're in better position going forward in the next year. Bookings certainly are up year-over-year. Like I said, just not back to where we want them to and that's more deal size than transaction count.
Adam Borg: Super helpful. And maybe just as a quick follow-up, you talked to in earlier question about replatforming efforts in Creo and Windchill and obviously it’s the non-trivial undertaking. So just curious kind of how that going and what percent of your R&D efforts are really focused on replatforming today and how that should evolve? Thanks, again.
James Heppelmann: Yeah, well, this is not going to be a big bang approach, it’s going to be kind of a systematic module by module approach, and then in the end, we'll have it all replatform. But if you look at what we did with the generative design extension, that's a good model to explain what we're trying to do. And that is, we want to be able to take key subsystems from Creo, Windchill in particular, and build them on Atlas, and deliver better value, more capabilities, better cost profile to customers through SaaS, and then take another module.  And so a customer might incrementally buy more and more SaaS from us over time and we envision this taking a few years. And then at some point, just flip the switch and see, I'll just take it all the SaaS. So again, don't think of it as Big Bang, think of it as incremental. Yes, it's a big development effort.  The good news is, we're not trying to invent the platform, we're replatforming onto, that platform has been under development for seven or eight years for the Onshape guys, that's Atlas, and it's a fantastic platform, I mean, really great. So I feel like time will tell but in the end that Onshape we're going to get a really great SaaS base CAD system, but we're actually probably going to get something even bigger, which is the singular platform that powers PTC's next generation of software that's going to breathe another decade or so of growth into our Creo and Windchill product lines.
Adam Borg: Excellent. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question will come from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital.
Matthew Swanson: Great. Thanks, guys. This is Matt Swanson on for Matt. So Jim really appreciated the commentary around the secular tailwinds towards digital transformation. But when we're starting to think about your customers, as they're presumably returning to on-premise, you've seen any changes in conversations around SaaS more broadly, and I guess, thinking more about, like, what's driving your customers towards that, and especially from that enterprise segment, so that might not be a good fit for Arena or Onshape? What those customers are kind of doing right now as maybe a long-term plan as they watch what you're developing on Arena?
James Heppelmann: Yeah, Matt, well, there's an interesting -- it's a good question and the interesting survey we do, where we reach out to our Creo and Windchill customers and test their receptivity towards SaaS and that receptivity expanded dramatically over last year, I mean, like, from a minority to a very strong majority of them are saying, I want SaaS.  Now, if you think about it, Creo and Windchill are very sticky products. So they're saying like, I want SaaS, but I don't want to switch because switching CAD systems, especially when you're a big user of a high end CAD system, and you've got years and years' worth of data. I mean, that's a project. But if I could, within Creo go to SaaS, that'd be wonderful. If within Windchill I could go to SaaS, that'd be wonderful.  Now, why did they want to go to SaaS? Well, they realize first of all, a mobile workforce and everybody have some hybrid working office strategy going forward. The thing is if the software, if your CAD software, for example, runs on a big desktop computer in the office, well then how do you work from home? Do you set up another big desktop computer at home? And then how do you shuffle the files back and forth. I mean, it's just hard, it'd be better if all this data was never on the desktop, it was always in the cloud, same with the application.  So for example, during the COVID, initial shutdowns Windchill worked great, because Windchill is web based and the data actually is in some web server somewhere. So you just go home and you jump on whatever computer you have there, even a phone or tablet and you log into your web browser and you're doing Windchill stuff.  Creo and everything like a Creo in the market, it's a different story. That's a big what we'd call a fat client executable. Typically, with a whole bunch of modules installed, typically integrated to other software on that same computer, it might be simulation, might be cam software, whatever. So there's a whole ecosystem of software set up on that computer, how do you recreate that at home, it's hard. And there's licensing obstacles and whatnot.  So a lot of people did, is they used virtual desktop infrastructure that is from a computer at home, you logged into the computer at work, ran the software on the computer at work and pipe the user interface onto the computer at home. If you did that, it really makes for a pretty crappy workday. This is not really the way to do things like CAD, CAD is optimized for graphics performance and so forth. And all that optimizations completely lost when you're piping the display across the internet.  So you really want something that's designed to never put the data in and ideally, don't put the application on the desktop computer in the first place, because if it's not there, that means you can move around. So with Windchill you can move around, but people like to offload more of the cost. These are complex systems. So mobility is one thing they want, work from anywhere, anytime, work from the office, three days of work, a week work from home two days a week. But the second real thing is cost. They'd like to get rid of the system administrators, they'd like to get rid of the servers, file servers, there's a lot of costs tied up in that stuff. And they're saying, if you guys could just let me pay for the value I get for the software and not for an infrastructure and the care and feeding of it would be great.  A third thing we talked about is real time collaboration. Again, CAD systems are kind of based on the premise of check-in and check-out that means I'll take the file, lock it, so you can look at it, but you can't change it until I declare I'm done changing it. Well, there's a lot of IP in one file and a lot of times people are saying, well I cannot. Any other kind of software, I'm used to, we're working in the same stuff at the same time, how come I can't do that with CAD, again, you can with SaaS.  So I can go on, there are more qualities that are important to people. But let's just say what Creo and Windchill customers really want is all the benefits of Onshape and Arena without switching from Creo and Windchill. And that's what we're trying to bring to them.
Matthew Swanson: Yes, that makes a ton of sense. It's a really compelling value proposition. If I can add one more on digital transformation. You mentioned PLM, as kind of part of that, of that growth group there. Can you talk a little bit about the progress and moving deeper into customers with PLM, kind of beyond those traditional use cases? It's something we've been talking about for a long time and I think it's always seemed really interesting?
James Heppelmann: Yes, I think what's really come into light, it always was true, but it's really much more appreciated now, is that PLM is the system of record for products. So PLM, in an industrial company, it's absolutely as important as your CRM system, which is the system of record for your customers, or your HR system for employees, or whatever.  So, when companies think I really want these processes to be digitized and mobile, you become mobile and global and in all that. You realize, we need a reliable source of product data that everybody in engineering, manufacturing, service, marketing, sales, whatever can transact against. So we need one single system and we all need access to it. And so we're starting to hear that more and more that it's not about making the engineer's more efficient, which was kind of the first generation of PLM. This is more about making sure that everybody across the company has access to the right product data, because everybody is making decisions about products, pricing them, selling them, supporting them, manufacturing them, and we need to have accurate data and it needs to be two clicks away.  And that's what PLM is, now being recognized as the system of record for products and industrial companies can't get very far down the journey of digital transformation without saying, hey, shouldn't we have a system of record for our products? I mean, honestly, they are product companies. So I think PLM is really emerging into something different. Quick example would be that maybe contract we won, it's about product support, it's about everybody supporting ships, having access to data of all ships in the systems they contain, support data.  And so we're using PLM concepts to support the operation of ship, not the engineering of manufacturing, but actually, the operation of ships that were engineered, manufactured years ago. And it's kind of a good example of digital transformation versus engineering productivity.
Matthew Swanson: Thanks for the time, guys.
James Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Jim, at your partner conference last week, aside from the sessions on sales programs and plans and the like it was a very interesting roadmap session, which is the thing I want to ask about. It noted that as part of your Creo strategy, you have what was called five dimensions and for Onshape, six dimensions to the strategy plus various dimensions for the strategy for PLM of course.  The question I have about the Creo and Onshape strategies is that's a fairly good list of executables. So how do you think about the ones that are perhaps most important on those lists for you to achieve, or perhaps the most difficult to achieve, which aren't necessarily the same thing?  And then secondly, you referred to Microsoft a number of times, they're on the cusp of launching their manufacturing cloud. And I'm wondering how you're thinking about the opportunity for you in terms of drafting along with what they do with manufacturing cloud?
James Heppelmann: Okay, so first on the priorities, Jay, I don't have those lists in front of me, and I hate that off the top my head, try to represent them all back to everybody. But what you should think of is, there are large engineering teams behind these products. In the case of Creo, 400 plus people working on it. In the case of Onshape, not near that many, because it's smaller tighter product, yet younger product. But there's room with the level of resources we have in these products, to have four or five priorities, that's down from 20 or 30 that they would otherwise do, they're trying to narrow down and focus on the key ones.  So I think we have the capacity to execute four or five initiatives at a time in both of these products. We can't execute 10 or 20, but certainly four or five big ones. And I guess you were wearing your hat as a partner that day on that conference. But we're just trying to share with our partners where we're going what we think is important, and frankly where we think the money is. So that's what's going on there.  With respect to Microsoft and their manufacturing cloud. There's a lot of conversations going on between PTC and Microsoft about how to align PTC with that manufacturing cloud, they want us to, we want to, it's just a question now of figuring out what to do to make that happen. The fact that our former Chief Strategy Officer, Kathleen Mitford, just went over there is actually quite helpful, because Kathleen and I are quite close and we've had some conversations since she's gone over there. And she's now able to help me, let's say, coach me, and I'm building culture to make the company’s better aligned together.  So there's a lot of good stuff happening with Microsoft, again, three Partner of the Year awards. I think the manufacturing cloud will be good for us. But there's some work to figure out, once they put it out there, how do we tightly align with it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: And that is all for our question-and-answer session for today. I will now hand it back over to Emily Walt, for the closing comments.
Emily Walt: Thanks Peter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. We'll be participating in a number of virtual investor events this quarter and you can find all the details on our investor website. We look forward to seeing you on the circuit in the coming months. And again, thank you for your interest in PTC and have a great evening. 
James Heppelmann: Thanks, everybody. 
Kristian Talvitie: Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-04-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the PTC 2021 Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Emily Walt, PTC's Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Emily Walt: Thank you, Abigail. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining PTC's conference call to discuss our second quarter 2021 financial results. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer.  Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding future financial guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.  Additional information concerning these factors is contained in PTC's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. As a reminder, we will be referring to operating and non-GAAP financial measures during today's call. Discussion of our operating metrics and the items excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures, and the reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release and related Form 8-K.  References to growth rates will be in constant currency unless otherwise noted. Lastly, we will be referencing our earnings presentation today, which you can find posted on our IR website.  And with that, let me turn the call over to Jim.
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Emily. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I hope that you and your families have continued to stay safe throughout the ongoing pandemic.  I'd like to begin by congratulating Tim Fox our long-time Senior VP of Investor Relations, who's left to pursue an exciting opportunity at ACV Auctions following the recent IPO. I worked closely with Tim for many years and feel he added tremendous value to our Investor Relations program.  While we'll certainly miss Tim, we wish him all the best in his new role. Turning to Slide 4. I'm pleased to share that we delivered another strong performance in the second quarter. Bookings grew in the mid-30s as compared to a Q2 period from a year ago when bookings declined 15% as the pandemic set in.  Organic bookings grew in the mid-20s. While much of the bookings strength contributed to the second quarter's performance, some of the bookings have start dates in later periods, and therefore went into backlog or what we will call deferred ARR going forward. I'm pleased to see that with several consecutive strong bookings quarters, deferred ARR has returned to pre-COVID levels as customers continue to make commitments to invest in their digital transformation initiatives over the long term. This deferred ARR gives PTC a foundation for growth going forward.  The economic environment across the globe continues to improve with PMI numbers returning to or exceeding pre-COVID levels in many regions. This data, coupled with the steady increase of vaccinations and stimulus plans from the current administration is encouraging. From our perspective, demand we see for our core products and SaaS offerings, combined with a strong pipeline heading into the second half of 2021, supports our outlook for the year. In the top line category, we had a very solid quarter with ARR growth of 18% or 15% in constant currency to $1.39 billion. Growth was driven by a combination of our growth business, which delivered strong results by continued momentum in our core business, where we again outpaced market growth and by strong performance from Arena Solutions in its first quarter being part of PTC.  On an organic and constant currency basis, we had 11% ARR growth in Q2 of '21, in line with our guidance. If you flip to Slide 5 for a minute, I'd like to remind you that when we use the term ARR, we are referring to the annualized run rate of the book of recurring revenue contracts that are currently active.  So ARR really means active ARR, and this important metric is what drives our cash flow. On top of that, we have the deferred ARR I mentioned earlier. Given the strong bookings we've had over the past 3 quarters, our total ARR growth, which includes deferred ARR, is up 12% on a constant currency organic basis in Q2.  As you know, timing of start dates, and the nature of ramp deals can impact when a booking moves into active ARR. Therefore, we feel it's important to look at total ARR, again the sum of active ARR plus deferred ARR. We've been guiding active ARR growth of 10% to 12%. And on top of that, we have been expecting approximately $80 million in deferred ARR as we exit fiscal 2021. We're now projecting more than $90 million in deferred ARR for the full year, which is because bookings in the first half of 2021 have been stronger than what you've seen reported in our reported active ARR results.  Given the uncertainty around start dates and the magnitude of ramp deals, if a higher mix of our bookings were to flow into deferred ARR rather than active ARR in future quarters, it could put some pressure on active ARR even while total ARR would remain constant. And of course, it could go the other way too with a mix that benefits active ARR.  We think that by providing more insight into total ARR growth rate, we can help show the true underlying performance of the business. By the way, anytime Kristian or I say ARR without a qualifier, we'll be referring to active ARR by default. That remains the most important metric.  We'll be able to -- or we'll be careful to explicitly call out any references to deferred ARR or total ARR. Coming back to Slide 4 for a moment, to close out the top line category, revenue growth of 28% was driven by strong execution as well as the impact of ASC 606 on revenue recognition, plus of course the Arena contribution.  Switching to the bottom-line category, we delivered strong free cash flow of $116 million and non-GAAP EPS growth of 83%, reflecting a combination of strong top line results combined with continued operating expense discipline. We did see unfavorable currency movement during the quarter, which impacts our guidance for the full year, but Kristian will share more details on that later in the call.  While the economic environment is improving, the big driver of PTC's growth continues to be our strong alignment with the digital transformation initiatives of our customers and prospects. As you can see on Slide 6, PTC's logo speaks directly to the idea that digital transforms physical, which is our simple way of saying that PTC's portfolio of digital solutions allow industrial companies to improve growth and profitability by making transformative changes to their physical products into the physical processes of engineering, manufacturing, and servicing them.  PTC's digital transformation story is deep and wide, and our portfolio is full of innovative digital capabilities that align with high-value customer use cases across our CAD, PLM, IoT, and AR segments. Our new SaaS strategy gives us another major vector with which to pursue new dimensions of digital transformation.  With that as context, let's take a look at the respective contributions of the FSG, core, and growth segments of our portfolio. Moving to Slide 7. You'll see that ARR in our Focused Solution Group, or FSG, was essentially flat, but I'm pleased to share that we did see a couple of significant wins in retail and defense, which will create a tailwind for ARR growth going forward.  ARR growth for our core business in constant currency was in the double-digit range, and the 27% organic constant currency year-over-year growth of our growth business is consistent with our guidance for the year. With every passing quarter, the growth business is becoming a larger percentage of our ARR, and as we discussed at our Investor Day last December, this can be expected to drive higher growth rates for the company over time.  With the inclusion of Arena, our growth business now has more than $250 million of ARR. Let's go quick deeper into the main elements of our core and growth segments. Turning to Slide 8, our CAD team delivered another impressive quarter with ARR growth in the high single digits. The rebound in the demand environment that we started to see in Q4 of 2020 continued this past quarter with strong performance across all our major geos. The response to the enhanced capabilities of Creo 7 and the growing interest in Creo Simulation Live and Creo ANSYS Simulation that we're seeing, clearly demonstrates that customers appreciate what optimizing design efficiency and accuracy can do for them.  We're not stopping there. Just today, we announced Creo 8, which includes the Creo generative design extension module called GDX, which is based on our Atlas SaaS platform. GDX on Atlas will deliver the most advanced AI-based generative design capabilities available, benefiting from elastic compute in the cloud with seamless integration to the desktop Creo CAD environment.  Creo 8 also expands our model based design capabilities, extends additive and subtractive manufacturing capabilities and delivers improvements to the ANSYS-powered simulation offerings. The importance of a strong connection between design and simulation is illustrated by Speed Consulting on Slide 9.  When the large aerospace customer needed expert design guidance, the real-time design feedback combined with full simulation capabilities, enabled the delivery of structural, thermal and vibration analyses in record time. This customer is a long time Creo customer who immediately recognize the value of the deep integration of CAD and simulation that we're offering in partnership with ANSYS.  Moving on to Slide 10 in our PLM business, you'll see that PLM continued to deliver very strong performance with another mid-teens ARR growth quarter. From a geographic perspective in Q2, PLM performance was broad-based with solid growth across all 3 major geographies led by Asia Pac. Thanks to the role it plays in digital transformation initiatives, PLM continues to be a major growth engine.  From a vertical perspective, our PLM business was strong across a number of verticals, including medical devices, industrials and FA&D. Plus, we landed a few large wins and competitive displacements during the quarter. A competitive displacement was at Kimberly Clark, seen here on Slide 11, which is a new logo for PTC. Who selected Windchill as their digital backbone for product development processes. The ability to tightly integrate Windchill with SAP allowed Kimberly Clark to optimize processes that span multiple systems.  Moving on to our growth business. I'll begin with IoT on Slide 12. IoT delivered a third consecutive quarter of improving year-over-year ARR growth with strong new logo growth, and bookings up nearly 50%, while ARR increased 20% from a year ago, we're seeing a good rebound from the slowdown caused by COVID-related travel restrictions and lockdowns that we saw a year ago.  Our pipeline remains strong and churn continues to modestly improve, putting us in a good position as we head into the second half of 2021. On Slide 13, Strama MPS, a provider of custom machinery and plant engineering. It's just 1 of many companies that pivoted to making PPE during the pandemic. With the challenge of moving from industrial machinery to delicate medical masks at high volume, ThingWorx was used to rapidly identify and fix anomalies on a legging production line and helps Strama complete the changeover process within approximately 1 month.  Let me shift to our augmented reality business on Slide 14. The Vuforia augmented reality team again delivered very strong results in Q2 and with ARR up 60% year-over-year, driven in particular by Vuforia studio and engine.  Expansions drove over 50% of the bookings in the quarter. Traction outside the Americas continued to gain momentum with strong growth in both Europe and APAC. I'm also pleased to share that Vuforia Expert Capture has been successfully replatformed onto Atlas and now benefits from the operational and technical scalability of the Atlas multi-tenant SaaS architecture.  Customers can now scale deployments across the enterprise, leverage the same collaboration, version control, content management, and approval workflows that you'd see in Onshape. This is functionality that would have taken much longer to deliver without Atlas. We'll be shipping another new Vuforia product called Vuforia Instruct here in Q2. And it, too, will be based on Atlas.  Turning to Slide 15. Here's a great proof point regarding the power of Vuforia Chalk this coming directly from our ecosystem. When a Rockwell customer needed to install new equipment to prevent a costly production shutdown during a time that Rockwell was constrained by travel restrictions, Rockwell engineers leveraged Vuforia Chalk to enable remote experts to see the equipment installation virtually and to provide digital coaching to the on-site engineers.  As a result, the customer maintained production levels without any revenue loss. Turning now to Slide 16. Onshape delivered a very strong quarter with strong bookings growth and a healthy mix of new logo activity and expansions. The bulk of the Onshape business continues to come from SolidWorks replacements.  Our education adoption remains strong, and we're starting to see the first education enterprise renewals following the first year free education program that we initiated last year as the pandemic set in. Onshape's ability to deliver seamless collaborative CAD capabilities is definitely meeting an unmet need in the market.  On Slide 17, Loop Medical is developing a painless blood collection technology needed for routine lab testing, while making the collection process safer and more economical. Thanks to the pure SaaS Atlas platform that underlies Onshape, Loop can run their CAD and data management platform on their current MAC environment without having to invest in clunky virtualization technology, and perhaps more importantly, Loop can offer real-time collaboration capabilities to their distributed global teams and accelerate the design process.  Finally, moving to Arena on Slide 19. It's exciting to see how well the Arena team performed in their first full quarter as part of PTC. ARR growth was in the mid-teens, while bookings were up more than 50%. Arena is seeing strong traction with upselling, while also increasing penetration into current customer environments and at the same time, keeping retention rates high. The integration is going smoothly and the road map to enable cross-sell programs to expand geographically and to move upmarket is on track.  Arena is engaging some really innovative companies. On Slide 19, you'll see that they've been working with RefleXion who's creating the first biology guided radiotherapy system. RefleXion needed a solution to scale in parallel with their medical device compliance and commercialization needs. By designating Arena as a system of record, charged with controlling product design and quality and then integrating it with RefleXion's ERP platform, the company was able to create a single source product and quality solution.  The momentum we're seeing in our growth business, both from an ARR standpoint and from a product innovation perspective, provides PTC with a great portfolio to drive long-term growth.  Turning to Slide 20. You've heard me reference our Atlas platform several times already with respect to Creo to Vuforia and to Onshape. What you're actually seeing are the first signs of our plan to SaaSify PTC's entire portfolio onto the Atlas platform over time. While we'll continue to offer on-premise versions of core products indefinitely, a growing number of our customers want to enjoy the great benefits of SaaS but at the same time, prefer not to switch off their current enterprise systems.  PTC is essentially doing with Creo and Windchill, what Microsoft has done with Office in 365. When an on-prem workload shifts to Saas, the ARR of that workload roughly doubles. So this is expected to become a significant source of growth for PTC in the mid to long term. Just as Office 365 has been for Microsoft.  The introduction of this new growth driver gives us confidence that we can sustain strong levels of growth in the core business for years to come. Let me provide some color on geographic performance, which was strong across the globe, and as shown on Slide 21, reflects continued recovery. Americas ARR growth of 21% was driven by Arena augmented reality and solid core performance.  Europe ARR grew 8%, consistent with prior several quarters with notable strength in AR and high-teens growth in IoT. APAC delivered the third quarter in a row of mid-teens ARR growth with strong performance across all segments.  With that, now let me turn to Slide 22 and touch on our key alliance partners. The Microsoft alliance delivered year-over-year bookings of 30%, driven by demand for AR and our joint deal count increasing 40% year-over-year, both of which are solid indicators that our alliance is further evolving. To support additional growth, we've also added PTC field resources in Asia Pac and Americas.  Before we move on from Microsoft, you probably saw the announcement yesterday that Kathleen Mitford is leaving PTC to join Microsoft. This is a great career opportunity for Kathleen, and I'm pleased she'll remain in our ecosystem.  Fortunately, we had a successor ready to go, and we promoted Catherine Kinekor, who goes by CK to be our new Chief Strategy Officer. Congratulations to Kathleen and to CK.  Moving on to Rockwell. We had 1 of the stronger bookings quarters to date in our alliance and showed significant growth year-over-year. It was a strong quarter for the Americas and APAC. More than 30% of the deals were net new logos to PTC and top verticals included manufacturing, distribution services and process manufacturing.  Our ANSYS alliance continued its momentum in Q2 with double-digit ARR growth. Last week, PTC was named 2020 ANSYS Growth Partner of the Year at their Simulation World Conference. As I alluded to earlier, the customer sentiment around Creo Simulation Live and Creo ANSYS Simulation has been very positive.  To wrap up and summarize my comments, turning to Slide 23. A we're in great shape at the midpoint of fiscal 21 as customers continue to embark on digital transformation initiatives, adopting more of the full PTC product portfolio as they proceed. In addition to being in great shape for FY '21, the strong growth in deferred ARR means we're already laying the foundation for solid growth in FY '22 and beyond.  And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Kristian, who will take you through a few more details on the financial results and guidance.
Kristian Talvitie: Great. Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I review our results, I'd like to note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance, and all growth rate references will be in constant currency. Let me start off with a review of our second quarter results, then review our guidance for fiscal 21.  Turning to Slide 25. Fiscal Q2 ARR of $1.39 billion increased 15% year-over-year and organic ARR grew 11%. Strong Q2 free cash flow of $116 million was in line with our expectations. Q2 revenue of $462 million increased 22% year-over-year. The revenue performance was driven by strong execution and also reflects the impact of ASC 606 on revenue recognition as well as a modest contribution from Arena. The strong revenue growth, along with continued financial discipline resulted in non-GAAP EPS growth of 83% year-over-year.  Turning to Page 26. I'll begin with our balance sheet. We ended Q2 with cash of $326 million and $1.5 billion of gross debt with an aggregate interest rate of 3.1%. We paid down $80 million on our revolving credit facility during the quarter.  Now that our leverage ratio is below 3x, which we told you as our goal. We're evaluating the timing of reinstating our share repurchase program. Now turning to Slide 27. This slide really highlights a few of the key guidance assumptions. The only real change to our assumptions here is the impact of FX movements. And so with these assumptions as context, we're still expecting fiscal '21 bookings growth in the double digits year-over-year and putting our ARR guidance into perspective.  Now turning to Slide 28. Last quarter, we told you we expected fiscal '21 ARR to be $1.47 billion to $1.5 billion, a growth rate of 16% to 18%. This assumed 10% to 12% organic growth, 400 basis points from Arena and a 200 basis point tailwind from currency.  Our revised guidance range of $1.45 billion to $1.47 billion is 14% to 16%, which assumes 10% to 12% organic growth, same as before, 400 basis points from Arena, same as before, and now no impact from FX. Regarding ARR linearity in fiscal '21. On an organic constant currency basis, we continue to expect the growth rates to be fairly consistent each quarter throughout fiscal '21. Free cash flow is still expected to be approximately $340 million for the full year. This is growth of approximately 60% year-over-year. And as we said at the beginning of the year, we expected more than 60% of this free cash flow to come in the first half. As we finish the first half, we've delivered 2/3 of that target.  And just as a reminder, that $340 million free cash flow target also includes approximately $14 million of acquisition-related fees and additional $7.5 million of incremental interest we expect to pay this year due to the Arena-related debt, a $14 million unforecasted payment due to a foreign tax dispute. And also includes approximately $16 million of restructuring payments.  This is offset by incremental cash flow from Arena and a positive impact from FX as well of about $10 million. Free cash flow excludes about $25 million of capital expenditures as well. And as a reminder, collections are stronger in the first half, and this is offset by timing of expenses and headcount ramping throughout the year. And as you all know, we have our next bond interest payment due in the fourth quarter.  As such, we're expecting 65% to 75% of the remaining free cash flow for our target to come in the third quarter. Now turning to P&L guidance. We're raising our revenue and EPS guidance for the year. Our original guidance was $1.69 billion to $1.73 billion, a growth rate of 16% to 19%. We're now expecting fiscal '21 revenue of $1.71 billion to $1.74 billion, it's a growth rate of 17% to 19%, which includes about 250 basis points from Arena and no impact from -- or nominal impact, if you will, from FX.  We're increasing our operating margin guidance on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. GAAP operating margin increases from 15% to 16% to 15% to 17%. And non-GAAP operating margin increases from 31 -- 30% to 31% to 31% to 32%. Non-GAAP EPS guidance was $3.05 to $3.35. The revised guidance is now $3.18 to $3.39. That's growth of 24% to 32%.  So, wrapping up, we had strong financial performance again in Q2. We delivered double-digit ARR growth while maintaining discipline on our expense structure and continuing to navigate what's still a challenging macro environment. I think the first half positions us well to deliver attractive double-digit top line growth and strong free cash flow for the year.  With that, we'll turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line Saket Kalia with Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Tim, I'd love to zoom in on Slide 20 a bit, very useful slide. Understanding that, that diagram is a vision and not guidance per se. I'd love to hear how you sort of envision PTC's move to Saas. It looks like you'll have all your products available in a SaaS form -- well, the major products available in a SaaS form factor by fiscal '22. And so, is the question -- or rather, the question is, is this something you perhaps drive your customer base to or encourage them to adopt or is this something that you're going to let happen naturally?  And maybe the follow-on to that for Kristian is can you just talk about how this plan for SaaSifying the business long term, of course, maybe plays into that fiscal '24 free cash flow target? Sorry, a lot there, but does that make sense?
James Heppelmann: Yes, it does. And it's actually a good question. So, there's a lot you can read into this slide, but if you notice the other logos, then Onshape and Atlas, start a darker greener color and as they move to the right, become more or less the same color of Atlas and in -- or I'm sorry, Onshape. And that's because we call this strategy an insidious SaaSification strategy, which means it happens step-by-step.  And it's already started. Vuforia already has the first offerings on Onshape like expert capture, which is one of the biggest ones. We're about to ship the second Vuforia product on Atlas, which will be called Vuforia Instruct coming out later this quarter.  We mentioned that Creo is shipping a capability on Atlas now for generative design called Creo GDX, and you'll start to see that coming from Windchill and coming from Thingworx. So, what we're going to do is begin to offer incremental or, in some cases, replacement modules on Saas. And then over time, the whole suite of each product line will become available on Saas.  So, a customer could begin adopting a part of it, get comfortable with the idea, start to generate some incremental revenue for us. And then in year 2 or 3 or 4, even flip the switch and go 100% to Saas, so that's what that diagram intends to show you is that these products are all climbing on board, but it's not an all or nothing.  It's step-by-step moving toward that all state where they're fully based on Atlas, and we have really a dream unified SaaS portfolio. I'm so excited about that because a lot of these products have divergent heritages and they're on different architectures today integrated together, but still on different architectures. And we have like a spring-cleaning opportunity here, thanks to the power of Atlas to unify on a single platform.  And everybody at PTC is aligned behind this. So, we're making great progress. And if you think in a year or 2, Windchill and Creo will have $1 billion of ARR. So, if we can get some even modest degree of penetration on a 2 for 1 ARR uplift, it's a lot of growth in those businesses. So, it's not going to be a lot here this year, it's not going to be a lot next year, but by the time we get out to '24, '25 it is going to be a lot.  I will tell you, though, that any guidance we gave you doesn't really contemplate this. This is kind of a new factor. I mean, I'm maybe moving into Kristian's question here, but our original thinking on SaaSification would be there was more all or nothing, and then we decided that this so-called insidious strategy is much more interesting for everybody, customers and PTC.  And so, we're now factoring this into the next rev, if you will, of our long-range plan, and it's going to be impactful. But again, the real big impact is farther to the right even in years yet to come on this chart. So, it's going to be a big deal, but not a big deal in the near term. Anything you want to add to that?
Kristian Talvitie: No.
James Heppelmann: I answered your question for you. I was on a roll. Okay. Next question.
Operator: Next question is from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg: Jim, what really stands out to me, the past several quarters, you've noted several CAD and PLM replacements, which is really great to hear. I'm wondering, can you talk a little bit more about what's driving that? Is it really kind of your SaaS vision versus other -- even though a lot of these displacements are on-prem at this point. But is it the customers see where you're taking the portfolio?  And then how do you think about the pipeline for these displacements? Could these even accelerate as we move on?
James Heppelmann: Yes. I think there's a couple of factors. One is all other things aside, Windchill is a very good PLM system. I mean, it works really well. It's best-in-class in every analyst survey. So, it's just independently a really great system. The second thing, though, is it's part of a really interesting portfolio. I mean if you go back to Slide 9, where I was talking hundred, I remember it was Slide 9, but where I was talking about the digital transforms physical conversation, I guess it was Slide 6.  On Slide 6, you see that our Windchill solution lives in and amongst a portfolio that is very unique. Other PLM vendors don't really have IoT and AR, and they don't really have an open architecture PLM system either like referring to Dassault in particular. So, I think that people like the product because it's a great product, and they like it again because it has -- it's part of a great larger portfolio. And then they like it because they do see PTC at the cutting-edge of technology and now at the cutting-edge of SaaS technology as well.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jay Vleeschouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Following up on the earlier question from Saket regarding portfolio development and evolution, when we think about the larger context of what's been going on now for a number of years in engineering software, we hear a great deal about so-called digital trends, but it would seem to be more interesting for a company to leave a digital fabric to overdo the analogy.  And maybe talk about how you think about that instead of a trend, but perhaps a more encompassing fabric of capabilities through or buy the portfolio. Maybe this is another way of asking you to comment on your closed-loop management strategy.
James Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, Jay, I think you're absolutely right. What's better than a thread is a bunch of threads working together in a fabric that's even stronger and covers more. And I think that really is an interesting strategy.  This closed-loop life cycle strategy that you and I both talk about is very unique to PTC. It's CAD and PLM, plus IoT and AR. And now this really interesting new dimension of Saas. That's a differentiated strategy. I always say our PLM competitors don't have IoT or IoT competitors don't have AR and so forth. And there's so much synergy between these products. We cross-sell all day long because customers like the value proposition.  So I think it's a differentiated strategy. And the products are independently good, but they show up as a team, and the team is phenomenal, the portfolio. And I think it's just really helped us. We have a story that customers like and it really relates, like you see on Slide 6, to their digital transformation strategies.  They see in PTC, a company who can solve a whole bunch or transform, if you will, a whole bunch of different aspects of their business in engineering, manufacturing, service, somewhat in sales and marketing, even the customer interaction with the product and the business model, there's a lot we can do that's unique to PTC.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink with Baird.
Joseph Vruwink: I just wanted to get your thoughts maybe on how this fiscal year is evolving relative to your initial expectation. There's been a quite a bit of upside in the first half so far. And just given the guidance update, it actually seems like the year is going to be pretty front-end loaded in terms of growth.  We heard from this morning where they're seeing kind of this release of pent-up demand happening in 1Q and 2Q around large deals and so maybe normal seasonality is changing for them as well.  I guess, are you seeing things take place or transact in the first half where when you look to the second half, you're maybe mindful of things being pulled forward? Or is it just the case that you'd like to get a little bit closer to that time frame before maybe making more meaningful revisions to the full year outlook?
James Heppelmann: Yes. I think, honestly, like as we sit here at the midpoint of the year, performance to plan is in bookings is really pretty darn strong and the forecast for the back half. Part of the reasons we want to share this deferred ARR thing with you. Is to show you that some of the great bookings we've been landing, lands and deferred and rather than give you caution that start dates matter, we said, why don't we just be transparent and show you the data. Because it really is pretty impressive.  And while we're at the midpoint of guidance on active ARR, we're kind of at the high end of guidance on total or as we sit here at the midpoint. So I think a lot of it just is this delicate balance of deferred versus active inside the total. And we're just going to give you transparency to it, so you know where we're heading, and you can see the business for what it is.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. It's Kristian. I mean, I think I'd add, we started off the year saying 9% to 12% ARR growth and $340 million in cash flow. After Q1, we upped it to 10% to 12% organic constant currency, $340 million in cash flow. Now we're sitting here, reiterating the same target. So I'm not 100% sure of what's changed. We've been saying that the linearity should be somewhere -- should be pretty consistent throughout the year, which if you take the midpoint of that, it's 11%.  We just delivered 11% ARR growth. So I guess I'm not 100% sure. 1 other thing I'd point out is, our business performed pretty well last year. And some of our comps, so in particular, if you take out the Medidata acquisition, posted some pretty negative numbers. In the parts of the business that compete with us. So they're showing less growth against serious declines, we're showing strong growth on strong growth.  So I feel like some of the companies who fell into a deep hole during COVID unlike BDC, we'll post bigger numbers as they just get back to where they were in the prior year. But if you look at our 2-year CAGR, everything is growing. Even through the COVID period. And a lot of our comps really aren't growing. They're posting numbers now that are still less than they were back in 2019.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gal Munda with Berenberg.
Gal Munda: I just had a question around the generative design and the exciting news that you basically announced a couple of years after you acquired first of you launched it as part of Creo extension now. What I'm thinking about is how did these modules effectively increase your addressable market in terms of the pricing, maybe how you're thinking about what proportion of your customers are realistically potential customers of it?  And do you think that there would ever be a cross-sell into competitive CAD environments as well? Or do you think that's more of a view into kind of potentially getting replacements into, say, existing SolidWorks customers?
James Heppelmann: Yes. There's a couple of different things happening with generative design. And just to be clear, we first released it as part of the desktop application. And for compute horsepower, use the graphics card. That gets you quite a bit of compute horsepower for certain types of compute-intensive codes like generative design.  But what we've done now in the second iteration is put it on Atlas, where there's elastic compute, you can have the biggest computer in the world running your generative analyses for you. Let me also say, 1 of the next steps will be the pipe that generative design capability into Onshape. Because it's actually running on the same platform as Onshape now. We just got to build it out into the UI and the functionality of Onshape.  So what we'll do with generative design is, for sure, will go back to the Creo base. And we will upsell this new module. It's a purchase you add on. And then we'll go into the Onshape base, and we'll do the same thing. I think that generative design is a brand-new idea. It's a transformational idea, but some of these ideas started a little slow and then really take off once people understand what they can do.  So I expect we'll see that pattern. And then I do think it will give us more competitive alternatives because opportunities. Because I think what we have is unique and special. And I think that if somebody is thinking about switching off SolidWorks, if they want to go to a high end product, they'll be impressed by Creo. If they want to go to a simpler product that's simpler to own and so forth, they'll look at Onshape and say, wow.  So I think it does give us an opportunity to take some market share. But the first and primary opportunity is the opportunity to drive more growth in the installed base.
Operator: And our next question is from Ken Wong [ph] with Guggenheim Securities.
Unidentified Analyst: Jim, there's been a lot of talk, I guess, within your -- the design sector around infrastructure spend, potentially being a tailwind, especially for those of your peers that have AEC exposure. Would love to get your perspective on whether or not this is something that PTC would also stand to benefit from?
James Heppelmann: Yes. I think not so much in the AEC field, but where AEC booms so does construction vehicles and equipment like that. So about 1/3 of PTC's business comes from a category we call industrial. And that would be everything from Deere, Caterpillar, Bobcat style equipment. Volvo go on and on. 2 carrier HVAC equipment or products that end up in new buildings and so forth.  So I do think it will be helpful. I think that our industrial customers, in general, are really seeing a surge of growth right now, in part on the rebound from COVID and then might even see a little bit more with the infrastructure spending. So I think it will be helpful, but we haven't factored a lot of that in.  We're kind of sticking to the guidance we gave at the beginning of the year and executing well against it, could prove to be a tailwind or an upside. But at this point, we're not changing our guidance explicitly or specifically because of that factor.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Just a question about Onshape and Arena. What are the opportunities to accelerate ARRs from here? What steps can you take? And the bookings are good. So when could we see acceleration? What's the feedback from the customers?
James Heppelmann: Yes. I mean I think with both Onshape and Arena, Onshape actually has a very high-growth rate, both for bookings and for ARR. In Arena, and so we just need to keep adding sales capacity and continue building out the product and do all the things you do with the growth business is working.  Arena is a little bit of a different story because almost all of their sales come from the United States. And so the first thing we're going to do is globalize Arena and sell it around the world, just like all of our products, including Onshape is sold. A second thing we're going to do is integrate it to Onshape because customers that get excited about Onshape also get excited about arena and vice versa.  So I think there are some short-term investments like in globalization that we can do for Arena that will be productive quickly. And we're already moving to put those resources in place to open up branch offices, if you will, outside the U.S. and to add more sales capacity and so forth. Arena was owned by a private equity company, and they were managing it for cash flow. And I think you'll see us manage it for growth, knowing that the cash flow will follow. And we have the luxury and kind of know-how to build businesses like that. So that's what we're off doing right now with Arena.
Operator: And your next question is from Matthew Broome with Mizuho Securities.
Matthew Broome: So we've had some optimism in the channel regarding the potential for 5G networks to facilitate sort of remote sensor enablement and ultimately drive more demand ThingWorx over the next couple of years. Just how significant do you anticipate the 5G rollout could be to overall ThingWorx adoption in the near term?
James Heppelmann: Well, I think it's very helpful. It's 1 more reason why industrial companies should go back into their factories and look to make changes. If somebody's going to put in 5G, they're going to put in an application like ThingWorx at the same time because if you suddenly have all this access to data and mobility and high speed connectivity, what are you going to do with all the data? And that's really where ThingWorx and ultimately, Vuforia and products like that fit in. So I think 5G is helpful. It's a tailwind.  We've been building a decent business without 5G, but 5G is certainly in the category of nice tailwind more so than anything else.
Operator: And your next question is from Adam Borg with Stifel.
Adam Borg: Maybe for Jim, just on Rockwell, it was great to see the strength in the quarter on the partnership. And I was just curious, it's always been a couple of quarters since that new extended agreement that you guys have had, expanding beyond IoT. And I'm just curious, was this strength that you've seen, just focused on the IoT and AR side? Or was there any early green shoots around Rockwell being able to sell Windchill and Onshape?
James Heppelmann: No. I mean, honestly, and I would characterize it as IoT and AR. Rockwell, and I think I was transparent on this. That new agreement gave Rockwell the right to sell more products because sometimes they come across those opportunities. But it wasn't really changing the center of gravity of the partnership.  I think if you look at what's driving a little more momentum with Rockwell, it's 2 things. First of all, Rockwell brought in some new talent. And I'll just say from the sidelines as a partner, these guys are making a difference. They're shaking some things up and really creating some energy.  And then the second thing is Rockwell had a good quarter overall. Particularly on the orders front. I saw they announced today and their order book was up double digits and so forth. So I imagine some of those orders ended up flowing our way. So I think it's really more improving economic situation in the world of industrial automation, coupled by new talent.  It's not really a mix shift in the product line up to sell it.
Operator: And next question is from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: This is mile on for Sterling. I was hoping you could just maybe give more of a demand breakdown between CAD, PLM, IoT and AR? And then are there any vertical end markets that you aren't seeing a bounce back in demand yet as the economy is reopening?
James Heppelmann: Okay. The first part of your question was breakdown demand between Creo and Windchill? Did I get that right? The whole portfolio? Well, I think the demand sort of mirrors the growth rates. As you might expect, some of the products with the highest growth rate, of course, in order to sustain those growth rates, they have the highest bookings. And in some cases, higher churn as well with newer technologies and so forth.  And then when you get to a product like Creo, churn is very low. So we can build a growth business of less aggressive bookings coming in the top. So I would say, yes, demand is strongest for Vuforia and Onshape. At the next level, it's really ThingWorx. And then below that, PLM and below that CAD, just in terms of demand.  But it's again a function of the maturity of these products. It's a function of the growth rate of the markets, which is sort of a function of the maturity of the markets and so forth. Hopefully, that hits your question. I guess it was the second part, I mean.
Operator: And for our last question, we have Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital.
Jason Celino: PLM, very helpful slide, as always, it's been quite strong for a couple of quarters now, but maybe taking a step down in terms of the strength, customer size wise? Any comments on is it enterprise, mid-market, SMB? Or is it truly more broad-based?
James Heppelmann: It truly is broad-based. And let me just say, Jason, that's 14 quarters in a row of double-digit growth in the core business. So it's not just a couple of quarters. It's 14 now. And it's always been PLM leading CAD and the 2 together, representing double digits and double digits right through COVID, by the way. So that's impressive. Certainly compared to some competitors who weren't posting numbers or anything like that.  But I'd say it's broad-based. I mean, there's a few pockets like medical device in med tech in general, which is a regulated industry around the globe. We're especially good at that. Windchill tends to take a large percentage of those deals in the larger accounts. And believe it or not, Arena takes a lot of those deals in the smaller accounts is kind of more of a mid-market solution. But they, too, in their market space, are particularly good at regulated markets.  But I mean, we've had good success in aerospace, good success in the automotive business. It's just really is pretty broad-based. It's a fair amount of expansions, but then a good number of new logos and competitive displacements, thanks to a differentiated story as well.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn it back over to Ms. Emily Walt for any closing remarks.
Emily Walt: Thanks, Abigail. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. PTC will be participating in a number of virtual investor events this quarter, and you can find all the details on our investor website. We'd also like to highlight our LiveWorx series, which you can see the agenda and register or events@liveworx.com. We look forward to seeing you on the conference circuit in the coming months. And again, thank you for your interest in PTC. Have a great evening.
James Heppelmann: Thank you, everybody. We'll see you on the road or see you in 90 days.
Kristian Talvitie: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-01-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the PTC 2021 First Quarter Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Timothy Fox: Thank you, Karen. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining PTC's conference call to discuss first quarter 2021 financial results and the outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today’s comments include forward-looking statements including statements regarding future financial guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in PTC's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. As a reminder, we will be referring to operating and non-GAAP financial measures on today's call. Discussion of our operating metrics and the items excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release and related Form 8-K. References to growth rates will be in constant currency unless otherwise noted. And lastly, we will be referencing our earnings presentation, which you can find posted on our IR website. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I hope that you and your families continue to stay safe and well during this ongoing pandemic. Before jumping into our quarterly review, I would like to begin by discussing the news we shared two weeks ago about closing the Arena acquisition and some related organizational changes. Turning to Slide 4 in the deck. First, we are very pleased to have closed the acquisition and we would like to formally welcome the Arena employees to the PTC team. As we discussed at our recent Investor Day, we are excited to complement the strong momentum we have with Creo and Windchill in the traditional CAD and PLM market with the leading CAD and PLM solutions in the pure-SaaS market. Together Arena and Onshape represent a powerful pure-SaaS solution that's number one in technology, customers and revenue. With this combo, we are positioned to capture the rapidly emerging shift toward SaaS for product development, manufacturing and support. There is clear evidence that the global pandemic has been driving a new normal in our industry and we are now in a position to lead the product development market well into the future. We also announced an organization strategy that I am excited about. We are expanding our SaaS business unit initially built around Onshape and Vuforia to embrace Arena as well. This will put us in position to pursue technology, business process and revenue synergies across the SaaS portfolio. The expanded business unit, which now accounts for about $100 million of ARR and about 20% of PTC's bookings, will be led by long time PTC leader, Mike DiTullio. Mike will focus on integrating the Arena team and leveraging the tremendous talent and expertise we have across our SaaS portfolio. With his proven track record of aligning organizations to drive growth, I am confident that in this new role, Mike can help us fully capitalize on our SaaS leadership position. I am also pleased to announce that Jamie Pappas will succeed Mike as Head of Global Sales, reporting to our Chief Operating Officer, Troy Richardson. Jamie is an accomplished 25-year PTC sales veteran and he has led Regional Sales in Asia, Europe, and most recently in North America. Jamie has a tremendous track record of success at PTC. So I am confident in a smooth transition as he assumed his new role. With that, I'd like to turn to Slide 5 and review the three key elements of our strategy to deliver long-term shareholder value. First, let's cover the topic of market demand. We had outstanding bookings results in the first quarter, up more than 30% year-over-year versus the fiscal Q1 of last year that was largely unaffected by the pandemic. The bookings helped the Q1 results, but they also beefed up the future backlog. We see the booking strength is reflecting a continuation of the secular demand trends we experienced in fiscal 2020 as customers accelerated their digital transformation initiatives in response to the new way of doing business. Industrial companies are prioritizing initiatives like moving all product lifecycle processes online across their entire enterprise with PLM, remotely monitoring the products and factories with IoT, bringing digital productivity to their frontline production workers with AR and they are generally getting more and more interested in SaaS as they go forward. For PTC this all translates into more demand for our unique product portfolio and we see a strong pipeline heading into the balance of the fiscal year. Given that the global PMI number reached its highest point in three years in December, we also believe PTC's strong Q1 bookings may have reflected improved customer optimism around promising vaccine news, stimulus policies of the new administration in Washington and perhaps even some calendar year-end budget flush. We hope that optimization or optimism continues, but with mixed news related to the global pandemic, including concerns about new strains of the virus, we are not sure that we are out of the woods yet, and we continue to think that our outlook for the year is prudent. In the topline category, a combination of strong bookings and lower than expected churn translated into a very strong quarter with ARR growth of 16% or 12% in constant currency. This was at the high-end of our guidance range and was driven by continued momentum in our Core business and solid performance in the Growth business. Revenue growth of 20% was well above guidance, resulting from strong large deal activity in the quarter. In the bottom line category, we delivered strong free cash flow of $111 million and non-GAAP EPS growth of 70%, reflecting a combination of strong topline results combined with continued operating expense discipline. In the wake of this strong first quarter, we are increasing our guidance for the year and Kristian will share the details later in the call. With that as context, let's take a look at the respective contributions of the FSG, Core and Growth segments of our portfolio. Moving to Slide 6. You'll see that ARR in our Focused Solution Group or FSG was flat year-over-year, but ARR growth was robust in our much larger Core business once again and the mid 20s growth performance of our Growth business track to our guidance for the year. You might note visually that the Growth business has now reached roughly the same magnitude as FSG and with Arena coming into the picture, it will soon step up about 30% and then with its higher growth rates, it will soon become much larger driving the combined portfolio toward higher growth rates as well. Recall that our FSG segment has exposure to certain industries heavily impacted by the pandemic like retail and airline industries. However, our FSG products remain important and are very competitive and we continue to expect FSG to recover to low single-digit ARR growth in fiscal 2021 as economic conditions improve. We've seen some good progress in retail already, but as you know, the airline business remains difficult for everybody. Naturally, we are very pleased about the 12% ARR growth of our Core business, which materially outpaced the market growth again. Q1 was the 13th consecutive quarter that our Core business ARR growth rate has been in double-digits. As Jay Vleeschhouwer pointed out in the recent report, PTC has of late enjoyed the number one growth rate in the traditional CAD industry with Creo and our Windchill business has been doing even better. Meanwhile, our Growth business had another strong quarter with year-over-year bookings growth of nearly 40% and delivered ARR growth in the mid-20s in line with our guidance for the year. Let's go a click deeper into the main elements of our Core and Growth segments. Turning to Slide 7. Our Creo CAD team delivered another impressive quarter with ARR growth in the high-single digits. The improvement in the demand environment that we started to see in Q4 continued this past quarter with strong performance across all major geos and in a market that tends to see very little replacement activity, we had some notable CAD competitive displacements, which speaks to the technological strength of the Creo product suite. Our CAD technology leadership was further extended with the latest release of Creo 7, which incorporates our first Atlas-based offering, Creo Generative Design Extension or GDX as we call it, leverages the Frustum Generative Design Engine acquired in 2019 with the compute being uploaded to an Atlas pure-SaaS elastic computing environment from where it served to Creo sessions now and soon to Onshape sessions as well. We also released the high-fidelity mainstream simulation capabilities of ANSYS, fully integrated into Creo, creating another highly differentiated leg of growth for our CAD business. Speaking of ANSYS, on Slide 8, we highlight a great Creo and Creo Simulation Live or CSL win with SharkNinja. SharkNinja is becoming a household name and to respond to the growing demand for its products in a very competitive space, SharkNinja reevaluated its design technology and decided to phase-out competitive CAD systems and standardize on Creo, adding CSL to help accelerate the new product development cycle times. Moving on to Slide 9 in our PLM business. You'll see that PLM continued to deliver very strong performance with another mid-teens ARR growth quarter. From a geographic perspective in Q1, PLM performance was broad-based with double-digit growth across all three major geographies, led again by the APAC region. Thanks to its key role in digital transformation initiatives, PLM continues to be a major growth engine for PTC. From a vertical perspective, our PLM team continues to win big in the medical device space, but market traction in the first quarter was strong across a number of verticals, including automotive, aerospace and defense and high-tech. Turning to Slide 10. A great proof point in A&D was a major extension and expansion at Airbus, which also happen to include a competitive displacement in one of their division. Along with the Windchill footprint expansion, Airbus adopted ThingWorx and Vuforia in the manufacturing environment, which is another great example of the cross-sell opportunity within our product portfolio. Given today's difficult air transportation market, airframe companies are being careful with spending, but thanks to this deal PTC is locked into a substantial long-term relationship with Airbus. You see on Slide 11 that we had a great cloud-based Windchill win at Terumo in the medical device space. Terumo is replacing its paper-based FDA compliance system with an end-to-end digital thread based on Windchill's quality management solution. Moving on to our Growth segment, I'll begin with IoT on Slide 12. Following strong bookings performance in Q4, IoT had a solid start to the year with a promising uptick in new logo bookings and the area that was pressured over the last year due to travel restrictions and lockdown. Demand was broad-based across verticals and we had some sizable expansion deals in the process manufacturing space, which is greenfield for PTC. With the strong pipeline and encouraging signs of churn improvement in IoT as well, we expect to see continued solid ARR growth in fiscal 2021. On Slide 13, we have an example of ThingWorx in the process manufacturing space at Griffin Foods. Operating in a market that has relatively thin margin, Griffin Foods was looking for ways to accelerate efficiencies in its production environment. Leveraging the ThingWorx Smart Connected Operations or SCO solution, they are digitizing their production lines to capture key performance data and display it in a unified view to allow managers to see problems and make faster, more informed decisions on the plant floor. Let me shift to our AR business on Slide 14. The Vuforia augmented reality team again delivered very strong results in Q1 with bookings up 80% year-over-year. Expansions drove over 50% of bookings in the quarter with three deals greater than $500,000, which was a new record for the AR team. Traction outside the Americas continued to gain momentum with strong growth in both Europe and APAC. Let me share two examples that highlights the value of our broader AR suite. First, on Slide 15 is at BID Group, one of the largest integrated suppliers in the wood processing industry. The BID Group replaced a do-it-yourself or DIY approach for industrial IoT and then added Vuforia Chalk to the mix to improve workforce productivity, while reducing travel costs. Turning to Slide 16, a second great AR success story is Royal Enfield, the world's oldest motorcycle brand. As the COVID-19 pandemic unfolded, Royal Enfield was forced to reimagine a planned physical event for launching a new motorcycle. Leveraging Vuforia Studio in under a month, they built a dynamic sales training capability and deliver this highly effective interactive augmented reality experience to more than 3,000 remote participants. Turning now to Slide 17, I'll wrap up my comments on our Growth business by discussing Onshape, which also delivered a very strong quarter. Onshape had record bookings up more than 150% from its initial quarter at PTC one-year ago, including a nice balance of new logo activity and expansion. Onshape's pure-SaaS CAD solution is quickly becoming a disruptive force in the SMB space, shaking up a mature market segment where PTC has been underrepresented for years. I'd like to update you on the exciting trends we are seeing in the education market with Onshape. As the COVID pandemic unfolded, we saw a real opportunity to help schools and universities because we have the only true school-from-home CAD solution that works on any device with no installed footprint. PTC's academic team decided to pivot their focus to Onshape and set an aggressive goal to try to reach 1 million total education users by the end of fiscal 2021. To put that in perspective, it's double the number of users that were participating in our education program across all PTC products at that time. I am happy to report that already in January, we've exceeded the goal of 1 million total Onshape education users, nine months ahead of schedule. Onshape is quickly becoming the education standard, thanks to one of the greatest sheer shifts I've experienced. Students and teachers love it. Clearly, we caught a wave as world events and the changing needs in education have accelerated this achievement. It's been incredibly rewarding to see how many educators and students have been able to take advantage of Onshape. Students who would not normally have access to CAD are now able to engage in STEM classes. Robotics teams are able to compete even when their season is canceled and educators have been able to seamlessly continue their instruction because of their access to Onshape. On Slide 18, we highlight one of the many school systems supporting their K12 STEM Education Program by adopting Onshape, in this case across the Charlottesville City School System. Gaining 1 million student users is a huge milestone with significant implications for PTC well into the future. Manufacturing companies at the very same needs a real-time collaboration and access to data from anywhere and on any device. I continue to think that COVID crisis is accelerating the SaaS tipping point for the engineering software industry by several years. On Slide 19, you'll see a great example of a commercial company Stirling Ultracold doing the same thing. They are adopting Onshape to streamline communication between mechanical designers, supply chain managers, manufacturing and quality assurance teams to avoid the delays associated with sending CAD data back and forth by email like they used to do. To wrap up on our Growth business, I think it's pretty clear that our solutions are uniquely positioned to help customers respond to the new normal they are facing today and they provide a very strong foundation for long-term growth for PTC. Let me provide some color on geographic performance, which was strong across the globe. On Slide 20, you'll see that APAC had strong performance with ARR growth of 16%, reflecting the earlier reopening of those economies and much improved churn rates as our subscription licensing model gains increased acceptance. Americas ARR growth of 13% was the second quarter in a row of double-digit growth, driven by broad-based demand across our Core and Growth segments, but partially offset by softness in FSG. Europe ARR growth of 8% faced a tough year-over-year comparison, but delivered very strong bookings performance in both our Core and Growth segments along with some notable competitive wins. With that, now let me turn to Slide 21 and touch on our key alliance partners. The Microsoft partnership had another strong quarter, delivering above plan for the third consecutive quarter and exceeding expectations in all geos. As you saw in their earnings release yesterday, Microsoft has a lot of momentum and we are drafting behind it. With a solid pipeline and field engagement strengthening across the globe, we remain bullish on the Microsoft Alliance opportunity. Rockwell delivered over 20 expansion deals and had transactions in 27 countries. The majority of Rockwell's deals continue to come from customers that are greenfield to PTC and in process industries that we have not traditionally targeted with our core products. I was pleased to see in their earnings release that Rockwell too is seeing a strong uptick in orders. If you follow Rockwell, you may be aware that they have reorganized to have a software-focused business unit that owns the PTC partnership and yesterday they announced that they have hired Brian Shepherd to head up that unit. Brian worked directly for me at PTC for a dozen years. So I know that Rockwell has found a very capable software leader and somebody who can help the PTC Rockwell relationship unleash its fullest potential. Congratulations to Brian. We are looking forward to working with him. Lastly, on the Alliance front, our ANSYS-powered solutions had a solid quarter with 20% bookings growth and very healthy expansion activity that drove around half of Q1 bookings. To complement CSL in the market, we launched the broader and deeper Creo ANSYS simulation suite. We are expecting these ANSYS-powered solutions to account for high single-digit percentage of our new CAD ACV in fiscal 2021. Before I wrap up, I'd like to highlight a great win we had with Microsoft on Slide 22. The Colruyt Group was looking for an IoT platform to support a complete digital transformation of their shops, food production, energy production and logistics. Microsoft received an RFP in a competitive bid process and turned to PTC to partner on the opportunity. We ultimately won together, resulting in a multi-phase hybrid cloud IIoT project. To wrap up and summarize my comments, turning to Slide 23. We are off to a great start in fiscal 2021 as customers continue to embark on digital transformation initiatives that leverage our full product portfolio. We had strong bookings in the quarter and churn performance was good as well. We delivered ARR at the high-end of guidance, while adding to the backlog, we saw a great performance in Core and Growth segments and in our channel. The demand environment appears to be improving globally and our strategic alliances continue to grow and mature. Plus, with the Arena team joining forces with Onshape, PTC is now positioned as the number one leader in SaaS-based CAD and PLM and along with Vuforia, the sizable pure-SaaS portfolio is paving the way toward an attractive future proof business model for PTC. As Kristian will detail shortly, we are pleased to be raising our fiscal 2021 guidance in recognition of solid execution that demonstrates our capability to deliver strong topline growth, margin expansion and free cash flow generation. The necessary ingredients to drive significant shareholder value for years to come. With that, I'll turn it over to you Kristian to take us through more details on the financial results and guidance.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Jim and good afternoon, everyone. Before I review our results, I'd like to note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance, and all growth rate references will be in constant currency. Let me start off with a brief review of our first quarter results and then spend the balance of the call on our revised outlook for fiscal 2021. Turning to Slide 25. Fiscal Q1 ARR of $1.34 billion increased 12% year-over-year. As Jim noted earlier, we had very strong bookings performance in Q1, resulting in new ACV above expectations and consistent with recent trends, demand for ramp deals was strong, which contributes to backlog in future periods, primarily fiscal 2022 and beyond. With solid new ACV results along with churn coming in better than expected, we were pleased to deliver constant currency ARR growth at the high-end of the guidance range. Reported ARR growth of 16% benefited from 400 basis points of currency, including a 200 basis point tailwind since the beginning of fiscal 2021. Strong Q1 free cash flow of $111 million was a record Q1 results for PTC. Q1 revenue of $429 million increased 20% year-over-year and was well above the annual guidance range we had provided last quarter. Revenue performance was driven by very strong large deal results in the quarter, many of which had long contract duration. As we've discussed previously, revenue was impacted by ASC 606, which in the case of Q1 drove a higher amount of upfront subscription revenue recognized in the quarter. Currency was also a modest revenue tailwind. The strong revenue growth along with continued financial discipline resulted in non-GAAP EPS growth of 70% year-over-year. Turning to Page 26, I'll begin with our balance sheet. We ended Q1 with cash of $399 million and $1 billion of gross debt with an aggregate interest rate of 3.8%. Subsequent to the first quarter, we financed the Arena acquisition with $600 million from our revolving credit facility and cash on hand. From a use of cash standpoint, we plan first to pay down the revolver until we are below our 3x debt-to-EBITDA ratio target, which should be within the next couple of quarters. Over the medium-term, we expect to continue to delever, while also resuming share repurchase. Now turning to guidance, I'll begin on Slide 27 by highlighting a few of the key guidance assumptions. We continue to expect the macro environment to remain stable in the near-term with conditions improving in the second half of the fiscal year. With this as context, we are also still expecting fiscal 2021 bookings growth in the double digits on a year-over-year basis. Given our strong Q1 performance, we are raising the low-end of our organic ARR growth from 9% to 10% resulting in a range of 10% to 12% growth for the fiscal year. We are expecting Arena to add approximately 400 basis points of ARR growth and currency to add approximately 200 basis points of ARR growth relative to our previous guidance. Regarding ARR in fiscal 2021, on a constant currency basis, we continue to expect growth rates to be fairly linear each quarter throughout the fiscal year. Now for the specifics. Turning to Slide 28. We are expecting fiscal 2021 ARR of $1.47 billion to $1.5 billion, that's a growth rate of 16% to 18%. Free cash flow is still expected to be approximately $340 million for the full-year, which is growth of approximately 60% year-over-year. Note that currency is also benefiting free cash flow by about $15 million. However, this benefit is being offset by an un-forecasted foreign tax assessment related to a matter that's been open for a few years. This tax matter is also reflected in our GAAP results as you'll note a $35 million charge that covers the periods from 2011 to 2020. This charge reflects the previous assessment paid in 2016, as well as the current expected assessment. We continue to believe that our position is correct and are fighting this issue in court and we do not expect a final resolution on the matter for at least another year. Our $340 million free cash flow target also includes approximately $15 million of acquisition-related fees and an additional $5 million of incremental interest we expect to pay this year due to the debt we took on to help finance the Arena acquisition. And as a reminder, fiscal 2021 free cash flow also includes approximately $15 million of restructuring payments related to primarily to the headquarters relocation, as well as to cost actions we took early in fiscal 2020, that’s early last year. Regarding the linearity of free cash flow in fiscal 2021, we still expect to generate more than 60% of our annual free cash flow in the first half as collections are stronger in the first half and this is offset by expenses increasing as we ramp hiring throughout the year. Now turning to P&L guidance. We are raising our revenue and EPS guidance for the year. We are now expecting fiscal 2021 revenue of $1.69 billion to $1.73 billion, that's a growth rate of 16% to 19% and the increased revenue guidance is really driven by three main factors. First, the strong large deal activity and longer than anticipated contract durations that we saw in Q1, which as we've mentioned before because of ASC 606 is driving higher upfront revenue recognition. This ultimately is contributing about 400 basis points of growth. As a reminder, this change has no impact on ARR or free cash flow as we continue to build customers annually upfront. Second, the Arena acquisition, which will add approximately 300 basis points of growth. And lastly, FX or currency, which should add approximately 200 basis points of growth relative to our prior guidance. On the expense front, we are now expecting operating expense growth of approximately 16% in fiscal 2021. This is an increase of approximately 600 basis points. Half of the increase is related to the Arena acquisition and half related to currency. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected to be $3.05 to $3.25, which is growth of 19% to 26%. I'd also note here that GAAP guidance does not include the impact of Arena Solutions purchase accounting as the valuation of acquired assets and liabilities work is not yet been completed. Wrapping up, we had strong financial performance again here in Q1, we delivered double-digit ARR growth, while maintaining discipline on our expense structure and continue to navigate in a very challenging macro environment. The strong start to the year positions us well to deliver attractive double-digit topline growth and very strong free cash flow. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator and we can begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your question please.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Jim, let me start with a technology question for you having to do with the Arena acquisition. With that you now arguably have three code basis for PLM, Arena, Windchill and Onshape that's not unprecedented in the industry. As you know, as a result of acquisitions in technical software. But could you talk about how you're thinking about the co-development or the conjoining of those technologies, particularly given the ultimate objective you seem to have had with Atlas of having a micro services architecture for example. And then for Kristian, at the analyst meeting, you put up a very interesting slide on your customer engagement model showing seven categories of customer that I don't think you've shown before. How does your guidance encompass you're thinking about those various categories in terms of growth and contribution to fiscal 2021. Thank you.
James Heppelmann: All right, great. Thanks, Jay. Kristian, you start thinking about the answer to that, while I answer him. Yes. So it's a good observation. I mean, we have Windchill then we acquired Onshape and they were two different things and now we acquired Arena. So yes, in fact, we have three. But actually we do have a very well understood strategy. So first of all, we will begin the process of looking at the best ways for Arena to use more and more of the Atlas platform that came to us with Onshape. And to be frank, Arena and Onshape don't do exactly the same things. Onshape is more like file management except not really files but more like data management and collaboration and Onshape is more like bill of material. So those two things do different things, but they will over time share more and more of a common architecture called Atlas. So then that leads to Windchill. So we have shared kind of a mid-term project that we are developing versions of Windchill and Creo that will use the Atlas platform to a great extent, so that they can be delivered in a SaaS model, but those products will retain full upward compatibility from the on-premise versions that exist today. Now, we will continue to maintain an on-premise version. So you might say, we're going from 3 to 2 to 1.5 or something like that, but there is a good strategy here for how this stuff evolves and none of it's going to be revolution because we're bringing all the customers with. But I definitely think this is a problem that will fade away and we've done that before. It's a problem that – I'm not sure it's a problem, but it's a situation that will be – that will evolve over time toward a cleaner kind of steady state in the end. Kristian?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Great. Jay, so I think what you're referring to is that S1 to S6 customer engagement model. I mean, I think here conceptually the right way to think about it is the largest piece of our ARR really comes from S1 – the S1 and S2 space that also actually where we still see a significant amount of new booking activity. Those are our largest and customers with the biggest growth prospects. We have a lot of stable ARR in kind of the S3 and S4 space. And the new – really the land and expand activity happens primarily within the S5 and S6 space. And so I mean, if I was going to think about this. I'd still put the largest chunk up in S1 and S2, we're seeing a lot of momentum in the S5 and S6. Tim or we actually mentioned in the – on the call that we've seen a little bit of a resurgence in new IoT customers coming back in the channel, which also operates in kind of the S5, S6 and the channel space continues to bring in new customers. That's obviously also where I think relationships like Rockwell are, who also continue to bring in a lot of new greenfield customers, which are the foundation, really for us to continue to expand upon those relationships over time. So I don't know if that answers your question, but...
James Heppelmann: Let me add some color to that, I think it's a easier way to see it. I think if you look at it by product, you get a different story because the size, the relatively larger size of some products kind of overwhelms that story. But Arena and Onshape are all about new accounts, they're basically competing in a space where we didn't previously have products competing. So there are almost entirely new accounts. If you go to IoT and AR that's kind of 50-50 because those are products we can sell to our traditional accounts, but of course, there's a lot of demand and interest in IoT and AR and we have new partners like Rockwell that also take us to a lot of new places. And then if you go back to Creo and Windchill, I mean, that would be majority of the bookings coming from companies we've been doing business with, but sometimes we knock one offer, there is a consolidation play or something like that and as well the channel is bringing this new accounts. So I think it's almost all new for Onshape and Arena, roughly half and half-ish for IoT and AR and sort of majority maybe 70/30 in favor of installed base with Creo and Windchill.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel. Your question please.
Adam Borg: Hey, guys, and thanks for taking the question. Maybe just two real quick. First on Arena. Can you just remind us on Arena's kind of international footprint and what's the plans to kind of expand that both direct and via channel? And then maybe two different answers. So thanks for the color of how you're thinking about Creo Simulation Live and Creo Simulation Growth over the back half of the year. But when you think more broadly, how addressable is the Creo Simulation technology to your broader installed-base. Thanks for that.
James Heppelmann: Yes. So let me say, on your first question Arena. Arena is predominantly a U.S. business, it's been almost – to a very great degree sold to American companies, although some American companies have users overseas. But it hasn't really been sold to companies overseas with just a small exception. So the first thing we're going to do with the Arena for sure is go international with it. I mean, that's a good piece of growth we ought to be able to go after as a synergy. And then of course cross selling between Onshape and Arena ought to produce another synergy. And I think our channel ought to produce yet another synergy. So I'm sort of the opinion that there is a lot of upside to Arena, if not this year, certainly in the coming years, as we can take this business places that Arena themselves going to gone so easily. So that's maybe the first part. Then second on ANSYS, if I remember we had quantified that we thought there was $100 million potential opportunity with Creo Simulation Live in our base. I think that's before. I don't know if, Tim, did that include this mainstream simulation products. No. So I haven't quantified that, but well more than $100 million because the rest of the ANSYS suite actually comes at a higher price point. We probably get less penetration because some of them might already have purchased it from ANSYS or one of their distributors. But certainly $100 million would be the floor in terms of opportunity. Will we ever get 100% of that, no? But certainly is a sizable ARR opportunity for us.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks again.
Kristian Talvitie: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham. Your question please.
Richard Valera: Thank you. Good evening, gentlemen. First, just a quick follow-up on that ANSYS question. I know you have the target of high single-digit percentage of new CAD ACV for this year. Can you say where it was last year, just so we have some perspective on how much growth that was. And then for the IoT products, it sounds like a solid performance this quarter, but I know last quarter you talked about bookings doubling quarter-over-quarter. I'm just wondering you can give us any sense of the kind of quarter-over-quarter momentum you saw in that business from Q4 to Q1. Thank you.
James Heppelmann: Do you have a quantification Kristian on the size ANSYS would have been in terms of new ACV within CAD last year?
Kristian Talvitie: Nominal.
James Heppelmann: Nominal. I mean, it would have been some, because we had some initial sales.
Kristian Talvitie: Will get it, but it was nominal.
James Heppelmann: Yes. It would have been low-single digits. So I think they were going from low-single digits to high-single digits, would be our aspiration here.
Richard Valera: Got it. That's helpful.
James Heppelmann: And then on the Q4 to Q1. Q1 IoT bookings didn't have the same growth rate that they had in Q4, but again it was a healthy number, I mean in Q4, it was a very healthy number. And in both cases, a lot of that went into backlog. So you're seeing a situation where the backlog deficit we started this year with had a fairly good representation in IoT and that's slowing down our IoT growth rate. And some of the goodness that we're bringing in with new bookings is going into backlog and it will help next year, but it doesn't necessarily overcoming the deficit we started the year with. So anyway, we're still on plan. So it's not a bad thing. But putting more bookings in the backlog for next year and the year after is a good thing.
Richard Valera: That makes sense. Thanks, gentlemen.
James Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Your question please.
Jackson Ader: Hey, guys it's Jackson Ader on for Sterling tonight. Thanks for taking our questions. First one is a follow-up on the IoT bookings and kind of a good start to the year. Any particular verticals that really stuck out and maybe verticals that performed well outside of the Rockwell channel for IoT?
James Heppelmann: Yes. We looked at that data Jack and it really was pretty broad representation. Tim and I were studying that data and nothing really jumps out, it's sort of a little bit everywhere in more or less the percentage we kind of normally have. So broad based is how I would characterize that.
Jackson Ader: Okay. And then another bookings question and vertical question really on Onshape. If we think about the – up well over 150% from bookings, what if we stripped out education. What kind of mixes are the bookings coming from education versus non-education?
James Heppelmann: That's an easy one, Jack, because you don't have to strip it out. We've not been charging educational institutions for the software. However, we had a program that you can use it for free for the first year. So we do anticipate that as this school year ramps up and we move into next year, we're going to get a pretty decent conversion rate to pay. But in that good news that we have so far, it's all commercial sales.
Jackson Ader: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Kristian Talvitie: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your question please.
Saket Kalia: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my – hey, Tim, Jim and Kristian, thanks for taking my question here. I'll just keep it to one. Jim maybe for you. I think the business that surprised us all last year and I think continues to do here in Q1 is the performance in PLM. Maybe the question is how much of this do you think is from maybe an industry wide refresh, right? That's may be coming from just more digital transformation as you sort of hinted out before versus market share gains.
James Heppelmann: Well, I mean, first of all, I do think there is some real strong market share gains. I don't think other vendors are performing at the same level as we have been and it's been a long time since and have you guys asked me when Aeris was disrupting us. We kind of haven't heard that name in ages. So I think they're losing some real momentum. So I think it really is more companies are realizing that they – if they have PLM, they need to have it more broadly and more people need to use it. Like maybe the procurement guy could walk down the hall and talk to the engineers. But now they are working from home, we can't. And so we need to see it. So I think some of it is existing companies broadening and deepening their implementation. And then, I think there's a lot of companies who like the Terumo example we gave, who was doing their FDA compliance literally on paper, saying, okay, that's not going to work, we need to get a PLM system. We need to get it fast. So I think there's a lot of companies whose appreciation of PLM has deepened greatly in the last couple of years. First for digital transformation in general and then for COVID requiring it. And I think that of those companies who get religion around PLM, we're certainly not going down more than our fair share. That's how I would characterize that.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That's very helpful. I'll hop back in queue. Thanks.
James Heppelmann: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Vruwink with Baird. Your question please.
James Heppelmann: Hi, Joe.
Joseph Vruwink: Hi, everyone. I'll try to squeeze into one more near-term from the mid-December comments on ARR the quarter definitely it's been a stronger than that communication. Is there any activity that came in at quarter end? I know you talked about maybe some year-end budget plus. But anything else, the fact that large deal signings seem to be working back into the mix where you had may be point to quarter activity and think it perhaps as early but these developments are new and maybe to be extrapolated into something changing. And then the second question, it kind of gets back to the PLM question that was just asked. But the verticals of high-tech, life sciences, aerospace and defense, these have been really strong for PTC pretty consistently and now you're adding Arena, which is strong in those verticals as well. So is there something specifically about those markets and how they're viewing PLM that really has benefited the fact that PTC has good exposure there?
James Heppelmann: Yes. So let's take the first one. Our mid-December comments Kristian said, he anticipated, we'd be in the middle of the 9% to 12% range and we came in at 12%. So I think to be frank, what happened is we review the forecast every single week on Friday's and we raised it four times in December. So by the time we had that meeting with you. We had raised at once, but a couple of days later, we raised it again and then twice more. So if you study the PLM performance, of course we do, what you'd see is that it wasn't done the backs of any one geography or any one vertical or any one big deal. It was just a lot of deals of all sizes in all geographies across a bunch of different verticals. I mean, it just felt like just good solid business everywhere as opposed to some surprise. I think if you go to the verticals question you asked, I think Arena is very strong in high-tech and very strong in general in SMB. Now high-tech does tend to have a lot of SMB customers. And the other thing about high-tech is product life cycles tend to be very short. If you make 777's like Boeing does, it's very hard to switch CAD systems, because those products last for decades. But if you're making consumer handheld devices, the life on one those things pretty darn short and the next version isn't based on the last version. So you can switch tools much more easily. So I think in general, electronics and high-tech is a fast cycle market and it's easier to get a share shift to happen there, which helps both Onshape and Arena by the way. Now PTC does well in the larger electronics and high-tech customers who probably are selling stuff that ends up in a rack in the data center and big machines that have a lot of electronics in them and so forth. That aren't necessarily so short cycle and whatnot. In the case of aerospace and defense, I mean, Arena does have some aerospace and defense accounts that are generally small suppliers to larger firms, but I would say probably, that's not necessarily the best spot to sell Arena, other than if you're low in the supply chain and there are a lot of small suppliers in the aerospace and defense supply chain in part because the government encourages that. So I think Onshape and we're also coming out with ITAR version of Onshape for the same reason that these smaller accounts need something and really just don't have the wherewithal for the bigger heavier enterprise systems that masters at the top of their supply chain would prefer. So I think maybe a long way of [indiscernible] Arena and Onshape are very complementary [indiscernible] Creo and Windchill, they do the same thing but they appeal to different segments of the market. And the low end of the market doesn't want the high-end products and the high end of the market today doesn't want the low end products. That may happen over time. But right now it's all incremental upside as far as I'm concerned.
Joseph Vruwink: That's great. Thank you very much.
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. Your question please.
James Heppelmann: Hey, Matt.
Matthew Hedberg: Hey, guys. Good evening. Congrats on a really strong quarter here in Q1. Jim, I wanted to ask you a question about some of the CAD replacement deals. Obviously, this is really good to hear and obviously difficult to pull off. I'm wondering if you could provide a few more details on what drove those? And thinking longer-term with all your investment in SaaS, CAD and Atlas, I mean, do you think we might be in a scenario where you might see even more disruption in the future. Some of these CAD replacements, considering what you've done with SaaS versus some of your peers.
James Heppelmann: Yes. So there is two in particular. I'll talk about one really with SharkNinja. But let me cover the other one first. It was a European OEM, I can't tell you who it was, I will be able to at some point, but not yet. I don't yet have permission. But an OEM who had both our software and our CAD software and the competitors and use them both as many large OEMs do. And they decided that they didn't like that anymore. And they would really prefer to have one tool and if they had to go from two to one they will go into Creo. So that was a pretty substantial displacement of a very well-known high-end product. And then the other case really was a displacement of a very well-known low-end product. Where this account said – SharkNinja said, we really like what Creo can do and we really like CSL and so forth and we too don't like having two sets of tools. And if we had to pick one, we pick Creo. So kind of at opposite ends of the Creo range, if you will, we're displacing different products from the same vendor. And that vendor, you can guess who it is, it has kind of left their customers a little frustrated. Some of their business policies, some of their technical strategies are well accepted by the customers and it's creating some discontent and some of that discontent turns into switching, especially if you're looking at two tools and you're saying, I wish we had one. Well, I really like those PTC guys, their tools are great and are better to work with.
Matthew Hedberg: Thank you.
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gal Munda with Berenberg. Your question please.
Gal Munda: Hey. Yes, thank you for taking my question. Jim, I have a question for you in terms of the IoT. In the past you've said that a lot of your IoT growth in the future will be obviously rely on some of the partners and then bring on incremental new opportunities mainly talking about Rockwell obviously and also Microsoft. Recently, few days ago, you've announced kind of partnership with Fujitsu Smart Factory on the IoT initiative. And I was just wondering how much – how does that compared to something like Rockwell? And how complementary it is versus how much is it as a competitive channels or something like Rockwell as well, which clearly isn't exclusive for other. Thank you.
James Heppelmann: Yes. There is no exclusivity there would happened with Fujitsu, as I understand the story. First they implemented our software in their factories and it was quite successful. And then there is a system integrator arm of Fujitsu who said, we'd like to take this showcase we've built in our own company and take it down the road and sell it to other companies. And so that's the nature of that announcement. But Fujitsu as an SI is no Rockwell. So I don't really – they're much more localized in certain pockets and so forth. And they're important partner and we're glad to have them. But I don't think it's meaningful at the level of a Rockwell partnership, certainly not yet maybe we'll get there someday. But just think of them as two different tiers.
Gal Munda: Got you. But the idea is to really expand that channel partnership within the FY Q2 kind of [indiscernible].
James Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, a lot of SI's want to sell with us where we sell the software and they do the project. And that's motion has been working very well. And then some SI's, in some cases like Fujitsu say, well, could we just sell it, because we have some clients we'd like to go. Basically sell them what we've done in our own company and we'd like to take that order. But think that for every Fujitsu. There is multiple SI's that we sell with rather than thrilled.
Gal Munda: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will be from Matthew Broome with Mizuho Securities. Your question please.
Matthew Broome: Thanks very much. Hi Jim, Kristian and Tim. Thanks for squeezing me in. So just in terms of the new SaaS business unit. Is that more of an operational structure? Or is it also responsible for driving future SaaS strategy, including M&A and maybe the migration of your co-products?
James Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, it's a business unit that's quite complete. It has R&D and marketing and sales, doesn't really new services because we don't so much need that. But it's really a pretty complete business unit. It has the P&L, it has growth targets, we will make acquisitions for them. In fact, Arena was an example. But we've made a couple other little tuck-ins that we didn't announce because they were too small. But definitely, that's a business and the way I look at it, they are paving the path for a future PTC. Because at some point, our industry will really go to SaaS, I mean it's starting to and that's good, but at some point it will tip right over like other industries have. And at that point that business unit will be bigger and bigger and may in fact be the future inner gravity for PTC. It's not big enough at $100 million – let's call it $1.4 billion. So it's not yet 10% but you put Arena in there and it steps up closer to 10% and then you let that growth rate run for a while and it won't be long before it's quite meaningful to us. But that's what they're doing, their paving the path for a future PTC.
Matthew Broome: Okay, that makes sense. And then maybe just quickly, could you give us any idea in terms of what the win rates are for Onshape versus the competition.
James Heppelmann: Yes. Well, I think what it really comes down to is does a customer want SaaS or not. If they want SaaS, then the win rates exceptionally high, but they might decide they don't want SaaS for whatever reason. And it might be that other people in their company already use SolidWorks or what have you. But think of Onshape as a really good CAD system on a completely different deployment and business model. And the deployment and business model is even more differentiated – is more differentiated in the product itself is. So I think, smaller companies, say, I really like the idea of being able to get to this data without having a server, without having a system administrator, without having – I'd like to be able to pick up my work at home on my Macintosh if I worked on at all day on a Windows workstations. I mean, that's great. I like the real-time collaboration. Onshape is a multi-user system were multiple users work together on the same designs at the same time as opposed to multiple users working independently and pass the data back and forth, which is how most other CAD systems work. So I think again, I often say, think of it like electric vehicles versus internal combustion engines, it's religion at some level. And very few people get down to a shortlist that has three of each. Somewhere in the decision making process they either say, I want to electric and now I'm down to a shortlist of electric vehicles or I don't want electric, I'm going to stay with internal combustion and they end up with that shortlist. But I'm saying for those customers who say, I think I want SaaS. This is a good chance, we're going to win that deal.
Matthew Broome: Thanks. All right, thanks very much.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this ends our Q&A session. I will turn the call back to Tim Fox for final remarks.
Timothy Fox: Thanks, Karen, and thanks everybody for joining us today on the call. Will be out on the road virtually over the next quarter, participating in a number of events, please check out our website for details. And we do look forward to seeing you this over the next coming months and certainly in 90 days. And thank you for your interest in PTC. Have a great evening.
James Heppelmann: Thank you, everybody.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: And thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the PTC 2020 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Tim Fox: Thank you, Joelle. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining PTC's conference call to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020 financial results. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, we'd like to acknowledge that a table from our press release became public and we're currently looking into how this happened. In the meantime of course the full set of earnings documents are available on PTC's Investor Relations website. Now, moving on to today's call. Please note that our comments including forward-looking statements including statements regarding future financial guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in PTC's filings with the SEC including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. As a reminder, we will be referring to operating and non-GAAP financial measures during today's call. Discussion of our operating metrics and the items excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release and related Form 8-K. References to growth rates will be in constant currency unless otherwise noted. And lastly we'll be referencing our prepared remarks document which is in presentation form today which you can find posted on our IR website. With that, let me turn it over to Jim.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks Tim. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. I hope you and your families continue to stay safe and well during this crisis. Before jumping into our quarter and year-end review, I'd like to begin by sharing several pieces of new news that we announced earlier this afternoon. Turning to slide four, we're very pleased to announce that PTC and Rockwell Automation have extended our strategic partnership by two additional years which cements the alliance in place through fiscal 2023. We have also broadened the partnership beyond IoT and AR to include PLM and Onshape. Back in May, Rockwell acquired Kalypso, a professional services company who has been a strong PLM and IoT partner of PTC for years. Kalypso gives Rockwell increased capabilities to pursue digital threat initiatives so the scope of our agreement has been broadened to embrace those pursuits. The agreement has other changes that better encourage sales cooperation give PTC access to Rockwell's Emulate3D factory simulation software and naturally it contemplates continued growth through fiscal 2023. The alliance has expanded our reach and our capabilities as intended while providing Rockwell with access to best-in-class Industry 4.0 software technology, the agreement has allowed PTC to address significant white space in the market. Rockwell has introduced PTC technology into more than 250 sizable companies across 45 countries to date. And 70% represent new logos to PTC. Rockwell has quickly become one of PTC's biggest and most important partners. Blake Moret, the Chairman and CEO of Rockwell Automation shares my view that this extension is a big win for both companies. Turning now to slide five, we also announced earlier today that we'll be hosting a virtual Investor Day on December 15th. We'll be reviewing our strategy, secular growth drivers in our markets, our broad solutions portfolio, and how we're taking those solutions to market. Kristian will also review progress of our very attractive financial model. Given that upcoming event, we plan to keep this call focused on Q4 and fiscal 2020 results and on fiscal 2021 guidance. We hope you can join us for the event in December. With that I'd like to turn to slide six and spend a few minutes describing what we see the three key elements of our strategy to deliver long-term shareholder value. It starts by aligning with market demand so we can build a strong pipeline. Then optimizing new and renewal sales and customer success to power the top line ARR growth. Finally, creating an efficient business model and operation that allows PTC to drive the bottom line free cash flow growth even faster. This will be PTC's new framework for describing our business strategy, operations and results here as we head into fiscal 2021. First on market demand. Fiscal 2020 will no doubt be remembered as one of the most unique and challenging times PTC has faced over our 35-year history. I fundamentally believe we'll look back at the last year as a pivotal moment for PTC. Pivotal in the sense that our suite of software solutions, which have been driving significant value from customers before the pandemic, have now become even more mission critical. Years back, we had anticipated a growing need for the types of capabilities PTC has been investing in, but COVID has certainly accelerated demand for them. Digital transformation initiatives across the industrial space are accelerating as companies adjust to this new normal way of doing business. The importance of solutions that enable work from home, global team and supply chain collaboration, remote asset management, remote frontline worker training and support have never been higher. For PTC, this translates into more demand for PLM, for IoT, for AR and for SaaS. What we're seeing in our pipeline, which stands at record levels confirms that PTC is in a strong position. Regarding the top line, necessity is the mother of invention and work from home has pushed PTC to dramatically accelerate our digital marketing and sales capabilities. I'm very pleased to report that we delivered strong Q4 bookings, up from the previous high-water mark in Q4 of 2019, which is even more impressive when you consider the state of the global economy and the fact that our sales teams were constrained to virtual operations. I feel like we've made more progress adopting digital go-to-market in the last 6 months than in the previous 5 years. With the subscription transition in the rearview mirror, we have successfully crossed the proverbial valley of death and are back to record levels of ARR and revenue. Now we're enjoying the top line stability and the higher rates of growth and higher margins that led us to undertake that difficult 5-year journey. As proof, fiscal 2020 marked the third consecutive year of double-digit ARR growth for PTC, despite the extreme volatility of PMIs and the macro environment that occurred during that same time frame. Now more than 90% of our revenue is software and 98% of that software revenue is recurring. I'm so pleased with this outcome. It came just-in-time for COVID. Finally, in the bottom line category, our EPS and free cash flow were both above guidance. As Kristian will detail a little later, our fiscal 2021 free cash flow guidance represents another new high-water mark for PTC. This is driven by strong ARR growth and the passing of several short-term free cash flow headwinds that held us back in fiscal 2020, but are now fading as we go into fiscal 2021 allowing our true earnings power to shine through. Altogether, PTC is very fortunate to have industry-leading technology that's well aligned with secular growth drivers, vastly improved digital go-to-market capabilities and in a sustainable and efficient recurring software business model. With that let me turn to slide 7 and touch on a few key financial highlights. ARR of $1.27 billion represents growth of 14% or 11% at constant currency, which was the midpoint of our guidance range. To put the COVID-19 impact into context fiscal 2020 ARR growth was about 500 basis points below our pre-COVID internal plan, due to bookings pressures and modestly elevated churn resulting from the pandemic. At this point, we see a smaller 200 basis point headwind to fiscal 2021 ARR growth. And as of now, no headwind to fiscal 2022 and beyond. Overall, we're very pleased with our fiscal 2020 financial results and excited about our fiscal 2021 guidance. And I believe that PTC is positioned to do even better in coming years. There's a lot of shareholder value creation that lies ahead of us. With that as context, let's take a look at the respective contributions of the FSG, Core and Growth business segments of our portfolio. Moving to slide 8. You'll see that ARR growth declined modestly in our FSG business but was strong in our much larger Core business and accelerated in our fast-growing Growth business. Recall that our Focused Solutions Group which we position as a lower growth cash cow has exposure to industries heavily impacted by COVID-19 in particular retailers and airlines. Our FSG products remain very competitive and we're expecting FSG to recover to low single-digit growth again in fiscal 2021 as economic conditions in those segments improve. At the same time, we're very pleased with the 11% growth of our Core business, which continues to materially outpace the market growth rate. Q4 was the 12th consecutive quarter that our core ARR growth rate has been in double-digits. Meanwhile our growth business had a very strong quarter and year, with growth trending back to the levels we want to see. ThingWorx, Vuforia and Onshape, all posted impressive results in Q4, but Vuforia and Onshape have really been strong all year. It's worth noting that ARR of our growth business has now surpassed that of FSG, which creates a tailwind of growth for the entire portfolio. Let's go a click deeper into the main elements of our core and growth segments. Turning to slide 9, our CAD team delivered a solid quarter with ARR growth in the high-single-digits. Across geos, APAC, once again delivered strong results and the overall demand environment improved sequentially in the Americas and stabilized in Europe. Overall CAD renewals remained healthy with churn improving quarter-over-quarter. We're excited to be launching the next release of Creo 7.0 in the coming months, which incorporates our first Atlas-based offering. Creo generative design extension or GDX, as we call it, leverages our Frustum generative design technology with the compute offloaded to a pure SaaS Atlas environment from where it is served to both Creo and Onshape. Also in this next Creo release, we'll be launching the mainstream high fidelity simulation capabilities from ANSYS, fully integrated with Creo, creating another highly differentiated leg of growth for our CAD business. Speaking of ANSYS, we had solid results from Creo Simulation Live, our CAD solution that embeds real-time simulation from ANSYS, which delivered its second highest bookings quarter to date. We continue to see interest across a wide variety of verticals, like automotive, medical device, industrials and in the high-tech space. On Slide 10, we highlight a great high-tech CSL win with NVIDIA. This is a classic example of how traditional design and simulation processes impact time to market. Creo Simulation Live provides NVIDIA engineers with real-time control of design direction, allowing a more refined design handoff to analysts, resulting in reduced rework, faster time to market and improved work processes. We're pleased with CSL's traction in the market and look forward to launching new marketing programs in the coming quarters. Moving on to slide 11 in our PLM business, you'll see that PLM continued to deliver strong performance with mid-teens ARR growth in Q4 and for the full year. In fact, the PLM team beat their pre-COVID sales goal for the full year. From a geographic perspective in Q4, PLM performance was broad-based with double-digit growth across all three major geographies led by the APAC region. From a vertical perspective, our PLM team continues to win big in the medical device space and in A&D. Turning to Slide 12, a great proof point in the life sciences arena was a major competitive displacement at Baxter International. What started as a point solution opportunity for product requirements management expanded into a full-blown digital thread enterprise engagement. Baxter was operating with disparate independent systems and processes, which was negatively impacting regulatory cycle times. By adopting PTC's broad suite of Windchill PLM solutions, Baxter's consolidating its footprint into a single enterprise system and transforming from document-centric to part-centric processes, resulting in a 4,500-seat competitive displacement. You'll see on slide 13 that we had a great win at TE Connectivity. In this case, TE was using a highly customized incumbent system for technical document distribution. By leveraging ThingWorx Navigate and seamlessly integrating with Windchill PLM and other enterprise systems, TE will deliver content to 20,000 users across functions like purchasing, supply chain, planning and manufacturing planning. Moving on to our Growth business, I'll begin with IoT on slide 14. While IoT ARR was impacted in fiscal 2020 from the new logo headwinds we described earlier in the year, we were pleased to see IoT bookings double sequentially in Q4, which benefited from some pent-up demand following macro slowdowns midyear, but also benefited from a number of significant wins in the quarter. Once again the standout IoT vertical in the quarter was medical device industry, which has experienced less economic disruption during the crisis. We also had very strong performance in the Americas with bookings more than doubling sequentially. We were also pleased to receive further validation of PTC's strong IoT market position by the industry analyst community. Just last week PTC was named a leader in the 2020 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Industrial IoT Platforms. This is a particularly special award given Gartner's rigorous and in-depth evaluation process and the strong influence that Gartner has in our market. On slide 15 we have an example of ThingWorx in action at Stanley Black & Decker, one of the most venerable manufacturing brands in the industrial tool and hardware markets. Stanley has been on a multiyear digital transformation journey with PTC and we were pleased to expand this relationship in Q4. Leveraging ThingWorx applications to expose data across previously disconnected assets, Stanley is driving significant improvements in OEE, overall equipment effectiveness across their global manufacturing footprint. Turning to slide 16. Bridgestone is another SCO customer that's had great success leveraging ThingWorx Analytics, the embedded machine learning engine to provide real-time insights into its production environment to drive operational efficiencies, improve throughput and improve quality all at scale. Let me shift to our AR business on slide 17. The Vuforia augmented reality team delivered very strong results in Q4 with bookings up 50% year-over-year. The AR team landed a nice seven-figure deal in the largest deal to date in Europe. We also saw a significant increase in the number of six-figure deals with 18 in the quarter, doubling the previous high-water mark. The large deal acceleration is a testament to the success of our up-sell strategy. Customers are starting to adopt our entry-level AR solution Vuforia Chalk and then identifying more sophisticated AR use cases, which we addressed with Vuforia Studio and Vuforia Expert Capture. These advanced solutions are tailor-made for the remote work situation that our industrial customers are currently navigating. We had two notable wins in Q4 that highlighted the broader value -- or the value of our broader AR suite. The first on slide 18 is at Jabil, a major global contract manufacturing company with 260,000 employees in 30 countries. Jabil operates in a highly competitive market where margins are paramount. One of the biggest cost inputs is, of course, human capital so finding new transformative solutions to improve onboarding and training and increasing frontline worker efficiency can have huge returns. PTC's AR team leveraging existing CAD and PLM relationships at Jabil introduced the Vuforia suite to their manufacturing team and landed a seven-figure AR starter deal. Turning to slide 19. A second great AR success story in the quarter was with Nordex, one of the world's leading wind turbine manufacturers. And as the COVID-19 pandemic unfolded, Nordex was planning to ramp new production capacity in India. However, the COVID related travel restrictions kept their German based technical experts grounded, which stalled the commissioning of new production facilities. By leveraging Vuforia Expert Capture, local technicians recorded training instructions in context then automatically published that content to headsets and mobile devices used by the production teams on the ground in India. Turning now to slide 20. I'll wrap up my comments on our Growth business by discussing Onshape, which delivered another strong quarter as they wrapped up their first year as part of the PTC family. Onshape had a record quarter with bookings up more than 80% year-over-year and with 70% growth in new logos. During fiscal 2020, Onshape landed over 700 competitive displacements, the majority coming from SolidWorks. I see this as clear evidence of the disruptive nature of Onshape's SaaS based solution in what has been a competitive mature market with entrenched incumbent players. The investments we're making in Onshape's global market expansion is starting to pay early dividends in Europe, which is a large market for design software. The PTC reseller channel while still early in its Onshape journey is gaining traction and opens up another exciting vector of growth for the Onshape business. Lastly on Onshape, I'd like to update you on the exciting trends we're seeing in the education market. On slide 21, you'll see that education sign-ups during the back-to-school season have been growing nicely for years, but they have literally exploded this year due to COVID. Let me explain why. Mainstream CAD systems run exclusively on Windows workstations, but students generally have Macbooks, Chromebooks or iPads. So schools have always been forced to provide a special PC computer room on-campus for any CAD-related work. Because of the pandemic, most schools now require work-from-anywhere solutions. So they're increasingly turning to Onshape which runs on any of the devices students typically have. Schools are realizing that they don't even need the expensive PC room anymore. So, I don't see the situation reverting. Winning in education is really important because students represent the workforce of tomorrow. Winning them over, while setting the bar at a new level has proven to be a winning long-term sales and marketing technique in the CAD industry. We believe the rapid adoption of Onshape in education provides a template for SaaS adoption to follow in the commercial market. Our manufacturing customers have the same needs for real-time collaboration and access to data from anywhere and on any device. I believe the COVID crisis is accelerating the SaaS tipping point for the engineering software industry by several years. Bottom line is that one year into it Onshape looks to be another excellent acquisition. To wrap up on our Growth business, I think it's pretty clear that the COVID crisis has only amplified long-term growth opportunities for PTC. Let me provide some color on geographic performance. On slide 22, you'll see that APAC had strong performance with ARR growth of 14%, reflecting the earlier reopening of those economies and much healthier churn rates on subscription licenses particularly in China where our subscription model seems to be gaining a foothold. America's ARR growth of 11% was driven by mid-teens PLM growth and strong growth across our AR suite, but partially offset by softness in FSG. Europe ARR growth of 8% while benefiting from solid PLM performance lagged other regions primarily because of the higher mix of CAD and pressure on new logo activity in IoT. Before I wrap up let me turn to slide 23 and touch on our other key alliance partner. I've already spoken of the strength of the Rockwell and ANSYS alliances, but our partnership with Microsoft had another strong quarter with bookings increasing around 20% from Q3 with momentum building in Europe which comprised 30% of the bookings in Q4. With a solid pipeline heading into FY 2021 and field engagement strengthening across the globe we remain bullish on the Microsoft Alliance opportunity. To wrap up and summarize turning to slide 24. We're seeing strong demand from secular drivers like digital transformation, work from home, the need for remote monitoring solutions for asset management remote support of frontline workers and growing interest in SaaS. We're in the right place at the right time. We've executed well during a challenging environment, delivering solid ARR growth and record bookings to close out the year. Our subscription transition is complete with a return to record ARR and revenue in FY '20. And we're expecting a free cash flow inflection in fiscal 2021 with continued strong free cash flow growth thereafter. We're confident that by aligning with market demand to build a strong pipeline, improving our execution to convert that pipeline to robust ARR growth and leveraging scale and business model efficiencies to drive even higher free cash flow growth is a recipe that will continue to create significant shareholder value for years to come. With that I'll turn it over to Kristian, who will take you through more details on the financial results and guidance.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Jim and good afternoon everyone. Before I review our results, I'd like to note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance and all growth rate references will be in constant currency. Let me start off with a brief review of our fourth quarter and full year results and then spend the balance of the call on our outlook for fiscal 2021. Turning to Slide 26. Fiscal '20 ARR of $1.27 billion increased 14% year-over-year or 11% on a constant currency basis, which was at the midpoint of guidance. As Jim noted earlier, we had very strong bookings performance in Q4. And consistent with recent trends we did see an uptick in ramp deals which we believe reflects a level of customer conservatism on the pace of their software deployment plans, given the current environment. The takeaway here is that even though our strong bookings outperformance didn't represent a meaningful change to fiscal 2020 ARR, it contributed to backlog in future periods, primarily fiscal 2022 and beyond. Fiscal 2020 new ACV grew 10% despite a year-over-year bookings decline in the high single digits due to the backlog we had entering the year. Churn of 8.6% was slightly higher than expected. Fiscal 2020 free cash flow of $214 million was slightly ahead of guidance. Note that free cash flow for the year includes approximately $52 million of restructuring and acquisition-related payments, as well as approximately $8 million of incremental interest paid before we retire the $500 million of 6% notes back in May. It's also worth pointing out that interest payments on our bonds are now in our second and fourth quarters, while previously they were in our first and third quarters. Fiscal 2020 revenue of $1.46 billion increased 17% year-over-year and was above guidance, driven by 27% recurring revenue growth. As we've discussed previously, revenue is impacted by ASC 606 and related business policy changes. For example, in Q4 contract durations were slightly longer than forecasted. And we had stronger-than-expected conversions, both of which positively impacted the amount of upfront subscription revenue recognized in the quarter. FX was also a modest revenue tailwind. Fiscal 2020 operating margin of 29% increased approximately 870 basis points over fiscal 2019. And lastly, EPS of $2.57 increased almost 60% year-on-year. Turning to page 27. I'll begin with our balance sheet. We ended fiscal 2020 with cash and marketable securities of $335 million and $1.02 billion of gross debt, including $1 billion of senior notes and $18 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility. Note that that outstanding balance of $18 million was paid down on October 27. We believe that this is an attractive and stable capital structure, especially in light of the current economic backdrop. Also please note that for your financial modeling, at the beginning in fiscal 2021 we have adopted a calendar quarter end financial reporting. Now turning to guidance. On slide 28, we highlight a few of our key guidance assumptions. In essence, based on Q4 performance and current outlook for 2021, we're expecting the macro environment to remain stable in the near term, with conditions improving in the second half of the fiscal year. So with that as context and turning to slide 29, we're expecting fiscal 2021 ARR of $1.39 billion to $1.42 billion. That's a growth rate of 9% to 12% on a constant currency basis. And regarding ARR seasonality, we would expect the growth rates to be fairly consistent each quarter throughout fiscal 2021. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $340 million for the full year, growth of approximately 60% year-over-year. As we've said previously, fiscal 2021 free cash flow growth benefits from reduced interest, restructuring and acquisition-related payments. And regarding the linearity of free cash flow in fiscal 2021, we expect to generate more than 60% of our annual free cash flow in the first half. As collections are stronger in the first half, it will be offset by expenses increasing as we ramp hiring throughout the year. We expect Q1 free cash flow north of $100 million. With the incremental revolver debt paid off and free cash flow accelerating, we plan to address the stock repurchase program with our Board at our upcoming Board Meeting in November. And as a reminder fiscal 2021 free cash flow includes approximately $15 million of restructuring payments related primarily to the headquarter relocation as well as to the cost actions we took early in fiscal '20. Now turning to P&L guidance. We're expecting fiscal 2021 revenue of $1.55 billion to $1.6 billion. That's a growth rate of 6% to 10%. The decline in the revenue growth rate relative to fiscal '20 is related to the impact of ASC 606 and related business policy changes that benefited revenue growth last fiscal year. It has no impact on ARR or free cash flow as we continue to bill customers annually upfront. On the expense front, we're expecting operating expense growth of approximately 10% in fiscal 2021. We plan to start filling open headcount roles at a more normalized pace after hitting the pause button last year while tightly managing expenses throughout fiscal '20. We also expect other expenses like travel to increase as the global economy reopens. And we also expect some increase in variable compensation expense. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $2.65 to $2.85 that's growth of 3% to 11%. So wrapping up, we had solid financial performance in fiscal '20. We delivered our third consecutive year of double-digit ARR growth while maintaining discipline on our expense structure. And we are successfully navigating a very challenging macro environment. We began fiscal 2021 in a strong position to continue driving attractive top line growth and very strong free cash flow growth. With that I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yes, thank you. Good evening. Jim let me start with you and ask about what I think are still the two largest sources of revenue for you, namely your CAD active base and your PLM active base. And this is an industry trend question. Over the last couple of years there's been a very interesting phenomenon with Creo growing as quickly in terms of its active base as your principal peers have been doing after lagging your peers' growth as far as active base is concerned. So you're now with the rest of the group in that respect in the mid-single digits for Creo base growth. And so the question is, how are you thinking about the growth from here in the active base for Creo? And then similar question for the Windchill which has also been growing its base, it seems in about the mid-single digits, would you expect some acceleration in 2021 and beyond in the base? And for Kristian since you referred to hiring, I can't help but ask about that. It's been very clear that your open recs are well up from the trough back in the spring particularly for sales and service and R&D. Maybe walk us through how you're thinking about that reopening of the hiring aperture in terms of functions and geos and what it might mean for OpEx growth? 
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. Jay I'll take the first part of that. So we showed last November was it when we had our Investor Day? We showed a model that said, if our bookings for CAD and PLM were to be flat then over the course of five years our growth rates would slow down from that low double-digit number to the kind of upper single digit almost mid-single-digit growth rate in the industry. That's if the bookings numbers are flat. But I think we do see an opportunity to do better than flat. We're winning -- we have very strong competitive products. We have new things to sell. For example in Creo, we have the Creo Simulation Live and pretty soon now the whole ANSYS suite behind that. We have this generative design stuff. We have AR the augmented reality technologies built into both Creo and Windchill. So I mean I think we feel like in the near term, we could slow down a bit in the next couple of years. But I think then, once you get to the midterm this Atlas project could be a real tailwind for growth. So I think that scenario that we showed last fall of slowing down to market growth, probably won't happen because I think that this Atlas SaaS-ification we call it of Creo and Windchill will actually be a growth driver using this Atlas platform that's kind of shared with Onshape. So we'll talk more about that naturally in the November time frame. But I think when you look at our growth rate versus others and one of our European peers reported results that were materially weaker than ours, I think we have really strong competitive products, I think we're in better verticals. For example, aerospace and defense is really defense for us in a strong way. We're in the medical device arena. And we have a business model that's terrific. It doesn't leak so much as others who don't have a recurring revenue model like we do. So I think there's just a collection of advantages that are allowing us for the third consecutive year and frankly forecasted into next year to continue to grow at rates materially higher than the balance of the market we compete against. Do you want to take the headcount question?
Kristian Talvitie: Is this part seven of the presentation?
Jim Heppelmann: Nine. 
Kristian Talvitie: Part 9? Hey, you just put out a report was it yesterday or two days ago that laid out all the headcount like I don't even understand what the question is. I have to go to you to get the data on our own hiring plan. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Well, no I guess the question is... 
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Let me try and articulate it this way. We are continuing to invest in the business. There's a fair amount of call it go to market-related, which includes customer success sales and marketing resources. And additionally, Jim talked a lot about some of the future technology that's being developed. That obviously requires talent as well. So R&D talent is really the – also a large pool of hiring for us for the year. I think at the same time we are cognizant of what's going on in the world around us. And we're – we've got plans to hire them throughout the year, but I think we'll maintain flexibility as well depending on how the macro environment continues to evolve and how that impacts us in the short term. But that's generally what we're trying to hire is folks that can build cool products for our customers and folks who can help customers extract value from that. 
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I think too let me add. When you look at our OpEx increase in fiscal 2021, it seems higher than you might expect. But frankly a lot of that is just cost that fell out of 2020 because of COVID. We're allowing room for it to come back in. So let me give you an example. We spend $40 million to $50 million a year in travel and that just went to zero. So most of FY 2020 had zero travel. But we're assuming in FY 2021 that, yes, we'd be back calling on customers and stuff like that and that would ramp. So a lot of the cost increase makes more sense, if you take the two years and average them, right? If you take the 2% or 3% OpEx growth in FY 2020 and the 10% in 2021 you add it together you get let's call it 13%. Okay average is 6.5%. Well 6.5% makes sense against the guidance of 9% to 12% ARR growth. That's the way you ought to look at it. It's not so much that we're spending a lot more. But that we're returning some of the spend or actually planning for some of the spend to come back as we go into FY 2021. 
Kristian Talvitie: Perfect. Thanks very much .
Operator: Our next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Kristian Talvitie: Hi, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Hi, guys. Hey, Kristain. Thanks for taking my question here. I'll just keep it to one. Jim, maybe for you. How did the IoT and AR businesses sort of trend towards the end of Q4? And to the extent you can sort of comment here at the beginning of Q1 I guess exiting last quarter, it sounded like just like everybody else it was kind of difficult to sell into some of your end customers, just because of things like factory closing. So curious how things sort of evolved at the end of Q4, and how they're sort of looking now? 
Jim Heppelmann: Well, let me tell you when we started Q4 the -- what we call the beginning of the quarter forecast had a what we call a wedge in it versus a hedge. No, I'm sorry a hedge versus the wedge I said that wrong. Meaning, we were actually taking it down from the roll-ups and saying the roll-ups look nice coming from the field, but we have this COVID thing going out there we should be conservative. But actually the roll-ups were higher than the forecast. So what happened throughout the course of the quarter is we raised the forecast four times internally. So I think we saw building strength throughout the quarter. It wasn't just like a Hail Mary pass at the end although frankly a lot of business did come in at the end. But we had raised the quarter or raised the forecast three times in the month of September alone prior to the last week. So I think we just saw a building strength, and yes a lot of it was IoT and AR, but frankly a lot of it was PLM as well. I mean, we had a bang-up PLM quarter, but we also had very, very good IoT and AR quarter.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Makes sense. Thanks guys.
Jim Heppelmann : Thanks, Saket.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jason Celino : Hey, thanks guys for taking the question here.
Jim Heppelmann: Hi, Jason.
Jason Celino : So we talked a little bit about the funnel for the -- for IoT and in AR. It seems like it's really ticked up at least at the beginning of the pandemic. And you -- and it looks like Q4 things are back on track. Maybe can you talk about how we should think about sales cycles? What is the typical sales cycle look like now that things might be opening up? Would that be any different?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I think most of our AR sales cycles are less than two quarters. And then most of our IoT sales cycles tend to be more three and four, because it's a kind of bigger more complex enterprise system. It's a system of record, it requires some amount of implementation and weaving into the physical side of the business and so forth. So let me just say though the IoT pipeline is good and the AR pipeline is fantastic. And part of the places that some of those sales and marketing resources are going to is to make sure for example in AR that we can actually keep up in that pipeline, because there's so much interest and our competitive advantage is so strong. I mean, if you go look at the Magic Quadrant-type reports, which we'll show you in December if you haven't seen them recently. I mean, we are miles ahead of everybody in this field of industrial AR, and there's just a huge level of interest. So we just want to make sure we're in place actually to execute on it, because again, that interest won't hang around forever if we don't service it. So that's where some of the investment is going. Thanks.
Jason Celino: Thank you. I’ll stick to one.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Jim Heppelmann: Hey, Adam.
Adam Borg: Hey, guys, and thanks for taking the question. Maybe just two quick ones for me. First one Jim, maybe a bigger picture question. So, nice to see the Rockwell partnership being extended another two years. It would be great if you could comment on maybe the one or two focus areas of the partnership for this year and how you're thinking about that playing out. And then maybe just for Kristian churn, obviously, you're talking about 100 basis points of improvement next year off of some worsening trend this year. Maybe talk about what are the low-hanging fruit? And what are the drivers of the trend improvement? Thanks so much.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. On the Rockwell contract just to add a little more color. I mean, we extended that early, because both salespeople and customers want certainty that by the time a campaign completes that the partnership is still in full force, right? I mean, you wouldn't want to start a three-quarter sales cycle in the back half of the year if that contract wasn't extended. So we really did it just to take any fear out and because it's a great partnership and we're both committed to it. There were some other changes we wanted to make, while we had the hood open, for example, throwing some more products in there and so forth. But the real thing was it's a great partnership. Let's not scare anybody by letting it come too close to the sun here where it looks like it might expire. So where are we going to focus? I think it's the same place we've been focusing. Rockwell has some real momentum with our products and they're really selling them into their strong suites. Their food and beverage, their North American automotive, their various different materials and oil and gas probably that's a little more challenged at the moment. But it's really Rockwell taking our technology into their very large customer base and really doing the smart factory kind of thing, where they add software this IoT and AR type of software to all the other products that Rockwell has both software and hardware and really build the whole smart factory strategy. So I think that's where we'll continue to focus. It doesn't represent a change. Adding PLM and Onshape, I think is interesting. I don't think that will become central to the partnership. It really is an IoT and AR partnership. But they see some opportunities around Onshape. We showed some examples of how, you could use Onshape for factory design, during our LiveWorx presentation during my keynote. And then for PLM, they have a PLM capability. Now that's quite impressive in Kalypso. And they see some opportunities they want to be able to go after.
Kristian Talvitie: Hey Adam, it's Kristian. So on, the churn question. I think first I'd start off by saying, relative to last year in fiscal 2020 we only saw about, 100 basis point degradation in churn, which I think in general, speaks to the very sticky nature of the software that we sell right? And the value that customers are getting from it. And frankly, even a significant piece of that increase was really down to a couple of customers -- larger customers that were known churn, that went into this year. So, point number one being, we don't -- we didn't really see any meaningful change in churn activity, as a result of the pandemic, at least not yet. Number two, as we're talking earlier about the hiring plans, one of the things that I mentioned was customer success. That's one area that we are going to be, continuing to invest in. And we expect that that will also have a positive impact throughout the year. And then, additionally, we started late this or late in fiscal 2020, actually offering multiyear renewal terms to customers, which previously had not been a policy. It's one of the policies when we talk about, ASC 606 and related business policy changes. That's another example of a business policy change, which we believe also would continue to help reduce churn. So when we talk about 100 basis points of churn improvement, that's really just getting us back to last year's levels. And we think that's an achievable target.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks so much.
Kristian Talvitie: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Broome with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Matthew Broome: Hi. Thanks very much. Hi, Jim, Kristian and Tim and congrats on the results, by the way, so just on the Rockwell partnership, will Rockwell be increasing the number of quota-carrying reps assigned to selling PTC solutions? And then, will there be any changes to PTC's sales organization now that it sounds like you'll be selling more of Rockwell software?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. So let me say, Rockwell's earnings call is next week or maybe even the week after. And I'd probably prefer to defer to them. But let me say certainly the partnership contemplates strong continued growth. And normally associated with strong continued growth, one would continue to make go-to-market investments. But let me defer that question to them, so I don't steal any of their thunder. And then on the PTC side. I mean, I think, we -- what we really have gained access to is this Emulate3D. I don't think that's central to what we're trying to do. But I think we are interested in trying to figure out, how to better integrate that with Onshape. And at least have it as a weapon in the arsenal. But I don't think we're going to pivot hard toward that. I think we have more pipeline than we can keep up with in CAD, PLM, IoT and AR and Onshape. So -- but anyway, it's a weapon in the arsenal that we can pull out, if we find the right opportunity. And we've certainly seen such opportunities over time. This company Emulate3D that Rockwell acquired actually had been on our acquisition list too. So its technology we're interested in, but we got a lot on our plate, at the same time. So we'll call on it opportunistically.
Matthew Broome: Okay. Make sense. Thanks very much.
Kristian Talvitie: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Vruwink with Baird. Your line is now open.
Kristian Talvitie: Hi Joe.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi everyone. I just wanted to maybe talk about the recent bookings environment. And if we have maybe gotten the forecast for fiscal 2021, I don't know a month or two ago. What would have been different about it? So in other words, it sounds like, your internal plans have moved up as the quarter went on. You're getting some recovery in pieces of the business that were negatively impacted in FY 2020. That all seems to be good. At the same time we might be about to revisit an environment with certain economies closing that could have an impact on new bookings activity. So I'm just wondering kind of the puts and takes in arriving at ARR growth of 9% to 12%, which is kind of a similar number. Kristian, I think you were even talking about it at the beginning of September. Just a give and take and how you think about FY 2021?
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. Joe, let me – this is Jim. Let me take a high level let's call it qualitative pass at this. And Kristian if you want to add any quantitative numbers too you can. In the case of FSG, that's a business where for example one of the big properties is Servigistics. Spare parts management and airlines is the largest industry we sell into or one of the largest. So that's had some pressure as airlines were in deep trouble and whatnot. I think if we see modest low single-digit improvement in ARR for Servigistics or let's say for all of FSG, FSG will still be down versus 2019, right? So we're not really expecting miracles there. We're just saying we see some things happening that will be slightly helpful. Now as you go to the rest of it, the real thing is the pipeline. First of all we've become much better at managing the pipeline. And right now we have a very optimistic looking pipeline and not just for Q1. I mean really for the whole year and really for each of the main segments CAD, PLM IoT and AR and really for each of the main geographies. So we have a lot of pipeline. Now we don't have a crystal ball as to what could happen with COVID. Lockdowns could hurt. Although, honestly, we feel like we're locked down and I think most of our customers feel to me like they're locked down already. I mean their production people are showing up to work in the factories but the people we're selling to really are pretty much working from home. More let's say on the knowledge worker side of the business. So I don't know what lockdowns will mean. I kind of think we're in lockdown mode. Yes restaurants are open but that's fine. We're not selling to restaurants. We're selling to manufacturing companies. So I don't know what that will mean. I think Kristian was clear though that our assumption is that life will be kind of like it is now in the near-term and improving somewhat in the back half of our year. If COVID does something radical and it's radically different than that yes, okay, we're going to have to have a different set of assumptions. But we're only working with kind of what we have.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. I don't – I mean, I don't have anything to add to that Jim. Okay. Unless there's a specific question Joe you're trying to get at.
Joe Vruwink: No. No I'm just looking for more color. If I can squeeze one more in and it goes back Jim to a comment you made at the very beginning. We don't see your backlog but it sounds like there's actually a pretty high amount of visibility in the backlog just given some of the ramp deal structures that give you confidence. And the question you talked about this year being a 500 basis point departure from plan, next year a 200 basis point departure and then FY 2022 having no departure. So is that...
Jim Heppelmann: Let me link those comments to backlog. I was really talking about backlog as I look forward to 2021 and beyond. When I said is there's a 200 basis points or two percentage points headwind to our growth in FY 2021, which is contemplated in our guidance by the way, really because the backlog is down, entering the year. But if you look at the backlog for the year after that, it's right where it should be, in part because of the booking strength we saw, particularly in the fourth quarter. So right now, we don't have a FY 2022 deficit in our backlog chart. But we do have one that will cost us about two points in FY 2021. Two points of growth, you can run the math, that's what the backlog differential is.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Thank you.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Your line is now open. 
Andrew Obin: Hi, guys. Good afternoon. 
Jim Heppelmann: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Just a bigger picture question. I guess, you started to talk about adding sort of Atlas functionality to Creo and Windchill. So as you, sort of, think over the next couple of years what is the investment cycle? What does the rollout look like? When should it peak? When should it start moving the needle in terms of the numbers? Because we've been getting a lot of questions on that particular area actually. 
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean we're going to give you a little more insight again in December, but let me kind of just paint the highest level picture. We think the industry is going to SaaS. And with Onshape we're leading the charge. But we'd like to bring our customer base that's on Creo and Windchill along for the ride. So we're saying what if we developed using the Atlas kernel if you will or architecture of Onshape, what if we developed versions of Creo and Windchill that kind of acted a lot like Onshape in terms of being true multi-tenant, multiuser SaaS. But at the same time, we're compatible so that you could do a lift and shift of an on-premise deployment into the SaaS cloud. Now that will take us a couple of years to build to be frank because if you're talking about compatibility then you need pin for pin feature capability, right? We're not talking about building a new product with limited functionality. We're really talking about full on versions of Creo and Windchill so that you could lift the production deployment shift it into the SaaS cloud and never miss a beat. When it's -- or why it's interesting is because that lift and shift typically doubles the ARR.  Because a subscription on-premise seat generally doubles in value when it becomes a subscription SaaS seat because you save the servers and the administration and the upgrades and lots of different things. So I think you should model that kind of in the back half of a five-year window and well beyond by the way. I think it's something that would probably run for I don't know it could be a decade. And -- but it will take us a while to get it going. So I'm not counting on anything there in 2021 and probably not even anything in 2022. And we'll keep you posted. We've got a lot of work to do. 
Andrew Obin: Got you. And just a follow-up question on site access. So you did highlight that you started seeing better results in industrial IoT in September. How related was it to actually being able to gain site access to your customers? And are you seeing any impact particularly in Europe from sort of the announcements of lockdowns in Europe in terms of actual site access? 
Jim Heppelmann: Well the lockdowns in Europe of course happened just lately. So I wouldn't have seen that in Q4 in any case. But I think it was helpful. Now we did have a pickup in Europe, but the real pickup was in the U.S. And we were able to reengage customers and customers send people back into their plants to get these projects going and so forth. And it was based a lot on expansions, but also we called out some real interesting new wins competitive wins where companies said, okay, let's get this initiative going and make a selection and get back to work. So we did see some of that in Q4. Again the interest level in our IoT software remains very high. And what happened in the fourth quarter is the close rate went up to a more kind of normalized close rate than we were seeing, let's say, in Q2 and Q3. 
Andrew Obin: Great, answer. Thanks for answering my question. Thanks a lot.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Your line is now open. 
Sterling Auty: Yes. Thanks. Hi, guys. You mentioned improvement in pipeline management. I'm curious what were the changes that you made that drove the improvement? And now that you're in the new fiscal year what are the biggest changes that you've made to the sales and go-to-market mode for this fiscal year? 
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Well on the pipeline thing about a year ago, we hired a Chief Pipeline Officer, which really was somebody whose job it is to really watch the pipeline and make sure we're doing the right things to build it out. So this Chief Pipeline Officer maintains a six-quarter rolling view of the pipeline by segment, by geo, by sales channel you name it. So at any point in time, I have a dashboard that says, how does the pipeline look for CAD in Europe three quarters from now? I can tell you that. And there's a goal for how CAD in Europe three quarters from now should look as compared to what is the forecast or the plan for CAD in Europe three quarters from now. So we really have a level of data that is unprecedented here at PTC. And therefore, we have a level of proactiveness that's unprecedented because we know. For example, we might say, PLM in Japan is soft four quarters out. Get on it. We need to run some marketing promotions, we need to do this, we need to do that. We also know where to put resources. So, in terms of hiring and whatnot. We've done a lot of hiring, for example, into AR because this pipeline is so big, and we're worried about whether or not it will age out and disappear if we can't tend to it. But let me say going into the year on -- in terms of go-to-market configuration, no big changes. No big new players, no big reorganizations. It's really just keep doing what we're doing, because it's working pretty well. It came off the best quarter of sales we ever had. And it's working well to link sales and marketing in a digital go-to-market motion. We learned a lot in the last year. It wasn't wasted at all in that respect.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Just adding on that, I mean I think the go-to-market teams have done a remarkable job of figuring out how to leverage virtual selling environment, right and actually adapt and thrive in it. So, I think that will be a complementary model going forward.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, much more efficient. I think you all know this, but if you travel with airplane tickets and rental cars and hotel rooms to make sales calls, you don't get that many sales calls made. And to the extent you can do that through a video call, it's very, very productive. And we came up with some really interesting ideas. For example, we've shifted our customer experience center, which was designed for customers to come to into more like a broadcast studio. So that we could do high-quality events with the customer online, but us not in our living rooms at home, but actually like you're watching the TV news practically. I mean it looks really impressive. And then, if you're there, it looks kind of strange, because you realize it's a studio. But we're doing things like that that really make it a much more powerful scalable and efficient go-to-market model. I really want to stress, for years, I was pushing -- so is Kristian, for selling to be more digital. And it was hard, but it suddenly got very easy and everybody embraced it, because the options were taken away.
Sterling Auty: Yes, exactly. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Jim Heppelmann: Hey, Rich.
Kristian Talvitie: Hey, Rich.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Hi, hi, guys. So Jim, when we were talking back in the, I guess, sort of mid-fourth quarter, when you talked about the pipeline for your AR products being multiples of historical levels. I think at that point maybe it wasn't clear what your close rates were going to be on this very strong pipeline. And based on how the quarter turned out, it sounds like maybe they started to accelerate or were pretty good. So, just wondering if you can provide any color on sort of the AR pipeline buildup, where it stands versus historical, and then maybe what you've learned and how you've started to close on that pipeline.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Well, Rich, I mean, if you've been in and around enterprise software for a while, you know that kind of like rule of thumb is that for every $1 you have in the forecast, you ought to have $3 in the pipeline. And sometimes it's $2 and sometimes it's $4. If you have numbers that are closer to $10, it tells you something. It tells you that you don't have enough capacity or you're not qualifying enough or you have product problems or I mean whatever. So, it also tells you have low close rates, right? Because if you didn't take the forecast up and you sit there with all that coverage somehow you -- by mathematically, you're not doing an effective job closing that pipeline. So, we have very high levels of coverage in AR. I mean -- and by the way in Onshape too very high. And so, we are trying to both understand what it takes to increase the close rate. And we made some progress, but it isn't near that 3:1 ratio, but we're also bringing in more resources. So we're making good progress and it led to pretty good results all of last year, especially in Q4 of last year. And we have a strong plan for AR this year. I mean, this is a business. It's a hyper-growth business. It has some real legs and we're pretty excited about it. Just trying to figure out how to make sure we don't leave anything behind.
Rich Valera: Great. And just for Kristian quick clarification. The reason you're able to close that 200 basis point headwind -- growth headwind in F 2022 is because of the ramp deal, is that right? Why you've got the 200 basis point headwind F 2021, but not in F 2022 I just wanted to clarify that?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. And I think we tried to articulate that. A lot of the overperformance that we saw in -- even in Q4 relative to our original forecast actually created backlog, primarily for fiscal 2022 and beyond. So it's -- yes, its ramped deals going out that far as customers... 
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Let me just step through that. If a sales rep closed the deal late in Q4, there was a ramp. A little bit in the first year a little bit more in the second more in the third. While if they closed it in Q4, the start date is almost certainly in Q1. And then the ramps would typically ramp on the anniversary of the start date. So that deal closed in Q4 of 2020 did nothing for 2020. It will do a little bit for 2021 and a lot for 2022 and possibly even more for 2023. I mean that's how these ramps work. So what we're saying is we have a 2 point -- two percentage points against the $1.2-ish billion $1.250 billion of ARR $25 million air gap if you will in pipeline going into fiscal 2021. But if you say well how does the pipeline look for fiscal 2022 compared to how it should look right now, the answer is it looks fine.
Rich Valera: Hey, thanks. Thanks gentlemen.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes.
Kristian Talvitie: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Tim Fox for closing remarks.
Tim Fox: Thanks, Joelle. And everybody thanks for joining us today on the call. PTC will be participating in a number of virtual events this quarter. We'll be posting those details on our investor website. And we hopefully look forward to seeing you on the conference circuit or at our Investor Day on December 15. And once again thanks for your interest in PTC and have a great evening.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you everybody. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the PTC 2020 Third Quarter Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. I would now turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC’s Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Thank you, Valerie and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining PTC’s conference call to discuss our third fiscal quarter financial results. On the call today are; Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today’s comments include forward-looking statements including statements regarding future financial guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in PTC’s filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. As a reminder, we will be referring to operating and non-GAAP financial measures during today’s call. Discussion of our operating metrics and items excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release and related Form 8-K. Lastly, references to growth rates will be in constant currency, unless otherwise noted. With that, let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for joining us. I hope you and your families continue to stay safe and well during this crisis. I’d also like to thank the extended global PTC team for their continued hard work and commitment during this time of disruption. Before I jump into a review of our quarter, I’d like to briefly reflect on the Coronavirus crisis, and review the headwinds and tailwinds that’s been creating for our business. In terms of headwinds, we all know that the COVID-driven economic downturn is creating profitability and even business continuity concerns for many companies around the world. Naturally, some of the affected companies are PTC customers and prospects. The second major headwind is the travel bans and work from home requirements, which slows down selling processes and interferes with on-site project work. As a result of these headwinds, we’ve seen pressure on bookings and some purchases get pushed out. Fortunately, to-date, the pressure has been somewhat less than we discussed in our guidance commentary last quarter. Our Q3 bookings were down mid 20% year-over-year, which is slightly better than the expectations we shared of down 30% to 50%. Based on the current forecast, we expect Q4 bookings growth rate to improve sequentially. The impact on renewal rates continues to be muted and we believe our previous guidance, suggesting a modest downtick and renewals remains an accurate assessment. So in aggregate, at this point, we think that the COVID crisis will continue to be a major headwind, but perhaps less so than we guided to last quarter. I’ll remind you, however, that this situation remains very dynamic. And we don’t have a crystal ball to see what lies ahead in the future. Like everybody else, we’d sure like to see a vaccine become widely available. At the same time, the COVID crisis is creating some strong tailwind still. We expect these tailwinds to persist for years to come long after the short-term headwinds fade as the health crisis passes. If there’s one thing the crisis has illuminated for our industrial customers, it’s the need to accelerate their digital transformation efforts. In my LiveWorx keynote, I talked about the key learnings our customers have seen as a consequence of the crisis. They include the need to embrace the mobile workforce, the need for tools that better enable impromptu collaboration across supply chain partners. The need to bring digital to the frontline workforce and the need to push forward with remote monitoring and optimization of products in factories. These needs very directly translate into elevated levels of interest for our PLM, IoT, Augmented Reality and SaaS solutions. The COVID situation is driving higher pipelines for Windchill for ThingWorx for the Vuforia and for Onshape. Each business is feeling the negative effects of the headwind still, but in cases like Vuforia and Onshape, the new tailwinds are strong enough to cancel most of the headwinds and these businesses continue to exhibit hyper growth rates. With Vuforia and Onshape in particular, where we have a deal push because of economic concerns, a new one tends to pop up because of the needs of the new normal. When the health crisis is ultimately managed down through a vaccine or other means, I expect that PTC will be in a very strong growth position as the tailwinds blow uncontested. With that, let me now turn to our Q3 results. Overall, we’re very pleased with our performance. We delivered 10% ARR growth, which was above our expectation of high single-digit growth. We delivered very strong revenue and APS and exceptionally strong free cash flow in the quarter. Kristian will get into the details later. So let me focus on providing color on the trends we’re seeing across our business segments. From a geographic perspective, ARR growth was evenly balanced with 10% year-over-year growth across all three major geographic regions. One notable area of performance was in China, which posted mid-teens ARR growth and early indicator that the economy there is on the path to recovery, and that our subscription model is gaining traction. Turning to our business performance by segment. Let me begin with our growth products, which as a reminder includes IoT, AR and Onshape. Growth product ARR grew 24% year-over-year, which is below our expectations for a normal environment. But consistent with the COVID dynamics we’ve discussed, which in particular, have extended sales cycles for new IoT customers. Remember that IoT is where the physical world meets the digital world. And we typically have to engage the physical world in the initial setup phase, so that we can then remotely monitor and control it thereafter. It’s hard, for example, to make progress, selling a smart factory project to a new logo if the factory shut down or you’re not allowed to go there for COVID reasons. But once the IoT systems in place, customers really see the value of remote monitoring and optimization and the expansion business remains brisk. Vuforia and Onshape are relatively less affected due to lightweight deployment models and their pure SaaS nature. Let me provide you some highlights in these two areas, starting with AR. We delivered a solid quarter overall with record Vuforia-Chalk, enterprise sales and acceleration in a six figure AR deals and we added substantially to the burgeoning AR pipeline, which will serve us well in the fourth quarter and beyond. You may recall that in response to the crisis back in March, we decided to provide free access to the Vuforia-Chalk, which is the entry level capability of the Vuforia-Suite that allows everybody to use their mobile device to see and markup real world frontline worker environments, such as factories and worksite. Chalk is proving to be incredibly helpful for remote support and problem solving. The adoption of Chalk has been exceptional, with daily production usage levels across the customer base, now running 5 times higher than before we launched the program a few months back. All those companies using Chalk now represent an exciting upsell pipeline to pursue in Q4 and beyond. Because of the strong adoption we’ve seen when we took the sales friction out of the way, we’re moving toward a freemium program that positions Chalk as a basic offering that’s an easy entry point into the broader Vuforia-Suite. One of the most interesting upsell opportunities is the Vuforia Expert Capture, a more advanced AR solution, which was a key driver in large AR deals in Q3. Expert capture is tailor-made for doing knowledge transfer between frontline workers in the remote work situation that our industrial customers are currently navigating. We had two notable wins in Q3 that highlight the value of our broader AR suite. The first is a leading US-based manufacturer of specialty measurement equipment, before the crisis hit, their services organization had kicked off an initiative to transform the way to deliver services to differentiate their offerings and improve operational efficiency. When the crisis hit, they encountered new services delivery challenges, because of travel bans and on-site restrictions. PTC introduced the Vuforia Suite through this free Chalk program. And in less than three months, the customer adopted and deployed Vuforia Chalk and Expert Capture across the Global Services team, using Vuforia that now delivering highly effective remote support and are capturing best practices from internal experts for distribution to their end customers. A second grade AR success story in the quarter was Philips Healthcare. As the COVID-19 pandemic unfolded, Philips needed to significantly ramp up ventilator production to address the growing healthcare crisis. They faced two significant challenges. The first was accelerating training of new staff required to enable 24/7 production shifts. The second challenge was the travel ban which threatened to delay their new production capacity in India. PTC introduced Philips to our Vuforia Expert Capture solution and in less than 30 days, Philips was capturing expertise from technicians in the US, and remotely training new hires across the globe. Despite facing the same COVID headwinds that were navigating across our business, our pure SaaS Onshape CAD business, delivered a strong quarter. The Onshape organization had a solid bookings quarter, added a record number of new logos and is tracking to achieve their FY ’21 – ‘20 plan. It’s worth noting that in this challenging macro environment, Onshape’s growth rate is more than 30 percentage points higher than the well known mainstream product it’s most frequently displacing, which tells me that something interesting is happening. Another proof point for Onshape momentum is that the pipeline is 4 times larger today than when we acquired the company three quarters ago. To support this strong demand, we’re making significant investments in Onshape go-to market, including expanding sales reach into Europe, which is a large market for design software. In Q3 Onshape also booked the first handful of orders from PTC’s reseller channel, a new program that was just launched. We believe getting PTC VaRs in the game will open another exciting vector of growth for the Onshape business. We’re proceeding full speed ahead on the Atlas program too, which aims to generalize the underlying Onshape SaaS architecture and put it to work more broadly across the entire PTC product portfolio. Work has progressed well on the Vuforia and generate design front and we’re working towards the day when there are versions of Creo and Windchill that are fully multi-tenant SaaS. Thanks to the underlying Atlas platform they share with Onshape. Overall, we remain extremely excited about the opportunity to grow Onshape into the leading SaaS engineering design suite. As industrial companies rethink their innovation strategies for a new normal built around SaaS, there’s no better solution than Onshape. Jon Hirschtick and John McEleney and the rest of the Onshape team have integrated seamlessly in the PTC and morale is very high. And they’ve never missed a beat in their frequent delivery schedules. Naturally, they love the Atlas strategy and we’re very pleased with how this acquisition is unfolding. Lastly, in our growth business, I’d like to discuss IoT a bit more. As I mentioned earlier, we’ve seen pressure on new deal closure as a result of the COVID-19 crisis. While the new logo pipeline remains strong, the inability to engage with customers on-site, the scope and plan of the Enterprise Solutions has elongated sales cycles. But the interest level remains higher than ever. So we’re confident that as we see the environment begin to stabilize and engagement activity resume, we’ll get this part of the pipeline cranking back up. Meanwhile, we did see solid IoT expansion activity in Q3, which is a testament to the value customers are realizing with ThingWorx. We saw a balanced expansion across both the smart connected products use case and the smart connected operations use case. And from a vertical perspective, we continue to see broad-based demand in a core industrial space in high tech and electronics, and in aerospace and defense. But the real standout vertical in the quarter was the medical device industry, which has experienced less economic disruption during the crisis. Medical device companies like Abbott Laboratories and Hologic are continuing to expand their smart connected product deployments, enabling them to remotely monitor and service the product fleet seamlessly, despite the operational challenges caused by the pandemic. Our partner, Rockwell had a relatively good quarter of AR and IoT sales with a strong sequential tick up in business. Like PTC, Rockwell saw strong expansion sales, which is great for the success of the partnership as we have landed a lot of starter deals previously. Our partnership with Microsoft had a strong quarter across IoT, AR and PLM fronts. We were pleased to learn just recently that we won Microsoft’s Global Manufacturing Partner of the Year Award for second consecutive year. We’ve recently extended this partnership into a new class of IoT solutions, called Factory Insight as a Service. This solution was launched a few weeks ago, is a three-way partnership with Rockwell Automation and Microsoft. Factory Insights as a Service is a turnkey cloud solution that enables manufacturers to achieve significant impact, speed and scale with the digital transformation initiatives. All three companies are taking it to market. Lastly, on IoT, in addition to solid expansion activity and healthy backlog and pipeline heading into the fourth quarter, our confidence in PTC’s IoT market position was once again validated by the industry analyst community. Quadrant Knowledge Solutions identified PTC as the outright leader in industrial IoT platforms in this latest SPARK Matrix report, based on technology excellence and customer impact. We’ll put this report on our Investor Relations website for you to reveal. To wrap up on a growth business, the punch line here is the COVID crisis creates a significant long-term growth opportunity for PTC, balanced against some near-term headwinds. We believe there are fundamental changes happening in the industrial economy that will play out in our favor over the coming years, bolstered by the strong alliances with Rockwell Automation and Microsoft, PTC is extremely well positioned to be a central part of the digital transformation strategies of our industrial customers. Turning now to the core business, we’re very pleased with our Q3 performance with ARR growth of 10% once again, outpacing the market growth. The juxtaposition of Creo and Windchill being up are combined 10% in a quarter where DSOS, CATIA and INNOVIA businesses were down a combined 10% is interesting. I attribute that 20 point disparity to the great progress PTC has made to strengthen our products and to strengthen our business model. Q3 was the 11th consecutive quarter that our core ARR growth rate has been in the double-digits. With such steady and predictable performance over a long period now, it’s obvious that we made tremendous strides, driving the cyclicality out of our core business. At this point, PMI fluctuations seem to have a more muted effect on PTC than they do on some of our peers. PTC’s PLM business continues its streak of strong performance with mid-teens ARR growth in Q3. From a geographic perspective, PLM performance was broad based with double-digit growth across all three major geographies, led by the APAC region. The momentum in our PLM business was underscored by a major win with the US Navy, which we announced earlier this afternoon. Following a rigorous competitive process against a dozen other technology providers that concluded with a small initial win a year ago, we conducted a successful pilot program and we’ve now won a substantial expansion agreement to power a cloud-based digital transformation and modernization effort around the weapons readiness and war fighting capabilities of the Naval Sea Systems Command. This project will drive a fundamental change in the way the Navy operates and supports its fleet of ships and submarines. PTC software will be used to create a model based digital twin of each chip that will be used by more than 15,000 users and an expansive supplier network to optimize lifecycle costs and maximize operational availability. With additional options in place that could expand the ARR of this project to over $25 million in year five. This contract is poised to become PTC’s largest run rate customer so long as we successfully execute. The Navy when reinforces, my earlier point about the digital transformation trends that are happening across the broader industrial economy and how they’re driving new demand for PLM. Our PLM pipeline looks strong and with many more digital transformation projects being discussed. We feel the prospects of a new wave of secular PLM growth are increasing. Turning now to CAD. Our CAD team delivered a solid quarter with ARR growth in high single-digits. Growth across the GOs was mixed with APAC leading the way, followed by the Americas and Europe. In Europe, which has our largest CAD channel exposure, sales were more severely impacted by the COVID crisis, given the patchwork of government shutdown across the regions. But CAD renewal rates were extremely strong. We had solid results from Creo simulation live, our CAD solution that embeds real-time simulation from Ansys. We closed 10 expansion deals across a number of verticals like automotive, medical device and industrials. And we inked our first seven figure CSL deal with a large US government agency. It feels like we’re gaining some steam with CSL and we look forward to launching new marketing programs in the coming quarters. And finally, our Focused Solution Group was flat, more or less it is expected given the difficult circumstances. With high profitability and low churn, this business continues to add real strength to the portfolio. To wrap up my comments, I think it’s safe to say that we’re operating in unchartered waters as we navigate through this pandemic. However, I couldn’t be more pleased with our strategic position. And with our team’s execution in the face of these challenging times. We’re fully mindful of the headwinds the pandemic will place on new business, as we continue to target double-digit growth in ARR, revenue and EPS for the year. We’re confident that once this crisis passes, we’ll be well positioned to drive even higher levels of growth, margin expansion and shareholder value creation. With that, I’ll turn it over to Kristian, who’ll take you through more details on the financial results.
Kristian Talvitie: Great, thanks, Jim and good afternoon, everyone. Before I review our result, I’d like to note that I’ll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance, and all growth rate references will be in constant currency. Let me start off with a brief review of our third quarter results, and then spend the balance of the call on our outlook for the remainder of the year. Q3 ARR was $1.21 billion, representing 10% year-over-year growth at constant currency, which was slightly above the guidance commentary we provided last quarter. The upside was driven by solid new ACV bookings, and only modest deterioration in churn which came in essentially in line with our forecast for the quarter. Q3 revenue of $352 million was up 20% year-over-year, driven by 28% recurring revenue growth. As we’ve discussed previously, revenue is impacted by ASC 606 and related business policy changes. Operating margin of 29% increased approximately 1,200 basis points over Q3 ‘19. And lastly, non-GAAP EPS of $0.62 increased almost a 180% year-over-year. Q3 free cash flow of $99 million was ahead of our expectations, driven primarily by the timing of collections, lower than allowed for customer concessions and lower than planned expenses such as travel and the virtual LiveWorx event. I think the key takeaway here is that even in the current macro environment, customers are clearly getting value from our solutions and paying largely on time. Moving on to our balance sheet, following the redemption of the $500 million of 6% senior notes in May, we ended Q3 with $1.1 billion of debt, including $1 billion of senior notes with a weighted average cost of debt of 3.8% and $138 million outstanding on our credit facility. We ended Q3 with cash and marketable securities of $435 million. We believe this is a very attractive and stable debt structure, especially in light of the current economic backdrop. Now, turning to guidance. Based on our Q3 performance and outlook for Q4, we’re raising the low end of our ARR guidance, and now expect year-over-year ARR growth of 10% to 12% on a constant currency basis, versus our previous 9% to 12% range. At the low end of the ARR guidance, we expect new ACV bookings to be down approximately 30% for the back half of FY ‘20 versus our previous low end expectation of down 50%. At the high end of guidance, we continue to expect new ACV bookings to be down approximately 20% year-over-year and we’re still expecting churn of approximately 8% for fiscal ‘20. It’s worth noting that despite these declines in new ACV bookings and slightly increased churn, we’re still able to target double-digit ARR growth, which is a testament to the strength of our recurring business model. Before I get into the guidance details, there are few important factors worth reviewing as it relates to ARR. First, as a reminder, the way that we define ARR is the total value of active ACV or Annual Contract Value contracts at the end of the quarter. This means the timing matters, both for new ACV bookings and renewal ACV bookings. In that, our subscription ACV is counted in ARR when contracts start. So, for example, if we book an order at the end of the quarter, but the start date is in the following quarter, it’s not counted in ending ARR for that quarter, but instead goes into backlog. The key takeaway here is, that while we build a set of start date assumptions into our forecast and guidance, there’s always some risk that start dates move, and hence ARR and backlog change accordingly. The second key factor is ramp agreements. A portion of our new ACV bookings are structured with annual committed ACV ramps that grow each year of the contract duration. The ramp agreements are great in the sense that they build future committed backlog which increases our ARR visibility in the future. However, if we book more ramp agreements than anticipated in any given quarter, this can also impact ending ARR and of course, backlog. Given the current macro environment, where customers are more cautious about their budgets and deployments, we’ve seen an uptick in demand for ramp agreements. We factored some of this into our guidance. But we believe it’s important to call this out heading into what is our largest bookings quarter for the year. So now for the specifics, we’re expecting fiscal ‘20 ARR of $1.24 billion to $1.2 6 billion, that’s a constant currency growth rate of 10% to 12%. Relative to Q3, our ARR guidance includes approximately $5 million of positive FX impact. And the quarter-over-quarter increase in growth is driven primarily by both normal seasonality of our business, as well as our backlog of deals booked in prior periods. Turning now to free cash flow. For fiscal ’20, we’re expecting to deliver approximately $210 million which is an increase of about $10 million from our prior guidance, due to modestly higher expected ARR, solid collection activity and FX, and consistent with last quarter even though we haven’t seen a material change in customer payment activity, we’ve built in some cushion for potential customer payment concessions. Please note that the interest payments for the two senior notes we closed in February will be paid in our fiscal second and fourth fiscal quarters, beginning this quarter, where the interests on the retired note was previously paid in our first and third fiscal quarters. For the full year, free cash flow guidance includes $45 million in restructuring costs, $9 million of acquisition related payments, $65 million of interest payments and CapEx investments in the low to 20 - low to mid $20 million range. Now turning to P&L guidance, we’re expecting fiscal ‘20 revenue of $1.42 billion to $1.43 billion, that’s an increase of $7 million at the midpoint of guidance, reflecting modestly higher ARR and subscription revenue. The resulting revenue range is growth of 13% to 14%. On the expense front, we remain diligent relative to our headcount additions and continue to limit hiring to critical roles, primarily in our growth businesses. We continue to target operating expense growth in the lower single-digits for fiscal ‘20 and an operating margin range of 27% to 28%, which is an increase of 700 basis points to 800 basis points year-over-year. Non-GAAP EP S is now expected to be $2.28 to $2.35, that’s an increase of $0.04 at the midpoint of guidance, and represents 39% to 43% year-over-year growth. A final point on guidance, you’ll note that the implied Q4 P&L guidance calls for a slowdown in year-over-year revenue and EPS growth. This slowdown is related to the accounting treatment of on-premise subscription revenue under ASC 606 and business policy changes we put in place in Q4 of ’19. Subscription revenue under ASC 606 is also impacted by contract term length. So to the extent that term length change going forward, you should expect to see variability on a quarterly basis. That said, it is important to understand this has no impact on ARR or free cash flow as we continue to build customers annually upfront. Also, please note that we’re guiding to a higher than normal seasonal increase in operating expenses for Q4. This is due in part to lower than normal expenses in Q3, with LiveWorx being held virtually this year, and other lower expenses such as travel, due to COVID related restrictions. And in Q4, we’re also expecting for normal higher commissions, an uptick in new hires and also there are four more business days in Q4 than Q3 which drives incremental improvements as well. So to sum up with the caveats I described earlier about start date, timing and ramp contracts, we believe that our guidance to be appropriate. We continue to be diligent on expenses and protecting earnings without impairing our ability to make key investments in our growth businesses. And lastly, we have a strong and stable capital structure to support our profitable growth strategy going forward. While we’re not providing fiscal ‘21 guidance at this time, it is worth noting that even under a scenario of prolonged economic softness, we would still expect solid ARR growth. And as a reminder, there will be additional free cash flow tailwinds in fiscal ‘21. Well, we expect CapEx to continue in the same mid 20s ballpark. Interest expense is expected to decrease roughly $25 million compared to fiscal ’20, given our new debt structure, and assuming no restructuring, we would expect $30 million less of restructuring payments and assuming no acquisitions, another approximately $10 million less of actual acquisition related payments in fiscal ‘21. One additional note for those of you building models for fiscal ’21. We will be moving to calendar quarters next year off of the modified four or five quarters we’ve had previously. We’ll provide more details on this topic next quarter. So, wrapping up, we had another solid quarter, but recognize that the market is changing rapidly. We believe we’re very well positioned to perform during the downturn, and to continue delivering significant value to our customers, which in turn will drive ARR growth well into the future. With that, I’ll turn the call over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Matt Hedberg: Well, hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Hey, guys. Glad you’re all doing well. And it’s great to hear your voices again. Jim, I think what really is intriguing me and I started to dig into it a lot in some of the work that we’ve been doing is, you guys leveraging Atlas, which I think is obviously one of the crown jewels of odd shape. You noted in your prepared remarks working on a SaaS version of Creo and Windchill and you said, you know, it’s still an ongoing process. I’m just wondering, could you provide a bit more detail on there and how you think about the timeline for that rollout? And how, you know, existing customers might leverage a SaaS version of Creo and Windchill?
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. Well, Matt, good catch there. Because, you know, I think it really is ultimately a very large opportunity. But let me be clear, it’s kind of a mid to long-term thing, because we’re really looking at doing kind of a major redevelopment of those properties onto this platform. And You know, the key thing for us would be to optimize for compatibility and continuity. So I sort of – I have an analogy I’ve shared internally many times and probably help with investors as well. You know, if you think of Google Docs, it’s a completely fresh thought, fresh look at, let’s say, Office Productivity Suite. Meanwhile, you had Microsoft Office, which was on-prem. But Microsoft came out with Office 365, which was SaaS, and companies like PTC might have been thinking about whether or not we should go to Google Docs. I mean, many, many do, and particularly new companies, but as companies who have been using Office forever, really do prioritize compatibility of data and user experience, but we like to have SaaS. So you could imagine we could build a product that looks a lot like Creo. But it runs in the cloud and is multi-tenant, but you open up your same old files and you go right back to work with the same old user interface, much like you did with Office 365. Meanwhile, Onshape’s over here are more like Google Docs, unbridled, unconstrained innovation, no legacy, trying to invent the next generation of application. So I think Onshape fights the fight against competitors and Atlas allows Creo and Windchill to bring their customer base with. Again, it’ll take us, I’m going to say a couple of years to do this. You know, I partly tell you, because it’s part of our commitment, I really go to SaaS. It is a long-term monetization effort that’s significant, because while we’ve brought our customers from perpetual to subscription, there’s another and potentially bigger monetization associated with bringing them from on-prem into SaaS. So I’m excited about that. You know, and really, to me, if the Onshape acquisition seemed expensive, I mean, it was, but what people didn’t realize is that we were getting both a breakthrough CAD system, but also a breakthrough CAD platform that will allow Creo and Windchill, you know, to get into that SaaS world years earlier than they would have independently and on a consistent platform. So that is, we bring our customers to SaaS, everything’s knitted together on a common platform as well. So we’re very excited about it. But you know, I want to be clear, it’s not a short-term strategy. I think, though, if you’re looking about – let me just add one more comment. If you’re thinking about, are there any drivers for longer-term, strong growth in CAD and PLM, I would say, yeah, there’s kind of two that have captured my attention. One would be the movement of Creo and Windchill, the SaaS and the second one is something I mentioned which is the digital transformation story around Windchill that’s starting to get more and more traction.
Matt Hedberg: Thanks a lot, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Saket Kalia of Barclays. Your line is open.
Jim Heppelmann: Hey, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hey guys, thanks. Hey, Jim. Hey, Kristian, thanks for taking my question here. Jim, I actually maybe want to pick up on that last item that you just mentioned with Windchill and just PLM broadly. You know, can you just talk about that strength in PLM, ARR? You know, is it related to that digital transformation? You talked about a secular wave and PLM again? Is it market share gains? And how do you sort of think about that going forward?
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, I think, you know, when I talk to my sales team, and when I spend a lot of time with customers, I think that, you know, in the past PLM followed CAD around, now it’s starting to follow digital transformation initiatives. And what really happens there is, industrial companies say, how could we think about, you know, taken ourselves through a digital transformation that didn’t involve digital product data, you know, being under control and well managed and so forth. So I think like the Navy example, it’s got nothing to do actually with engineering. It’s about a model driven, you know, operation and support paradigm. And it’s got nothing to do with following CAD around. It’s really about how do you use that data to transform the way products are operated and serviced and supported, you know, during the lifecycle out in the field. And that’s a great example of the kind of initiatives we’re hearing more and more about, as people saying that product data could be useful for a lot more than engineering. And if we want to try to do that, you know, this digital threat discussion, reuse it for manufacturing, reuse it for service, potentially use it for sales and marketing. If we want to do that, we got to get it under better control. And Windchill excels at that, you know, it’s already a SaaS and web-based system. And it differentiates well, you know, every single Magic Quadrant report you’ve seen in years Windchill’s way up front, in terms of its, you know, competitiveness, let's say. And I just think that digital transformation has become a real driver.
Saket Kalia: Got it, makes sense. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew DeGasperi of Berenberg. Your line is open.
Andrew DeGasperi: Thanks for – hi, how are you? Maybe just one or two questions. The first on Q4 ARR, I was just wondering in terms of the makeup of that guidance. Can you maybe elaborate a little bit how much of that is based on ramp deals versus brand new booking?
Kristian Talvitie: Well, as we’ve said numerous times before, we’re not getting into the specifics around that just but we do have a fair amount of visibility into the ARR. Again, it’s our largest bookings quarter of the year, which does make it a little bit harder to call around the – you know, the line of start dates and how much is actually going to come in this ramp deal. But from a fundamental, you know, how much business are we selling out to the market perspective, I think we feel pretty good about the, you know, about the prospects for Q4. And we feel good about the, you know, the ranges we’ve put out with those caveats.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. And maybe just to add, Andrew. I mean, clearly, Q4 has forever been a seasonally strong quarter for bookings. And so it’s natural that it would be a seasonally strong quarter for backlog as well. So, you know, we start Q4 with kind of seasonally high backlog. And then we’re going to – and some of that new bookings will land in the quarter and some of it will go back in the backlog. So again, what Kristian saying is, the real risk here is calling the timing of it, because how much of the new bookings lands in backlog versus in the quarter? I mean, that’s actually important to the way we report, although it’s actually not important to the – how well the business is doing. You know, the important thing there is, how much business do we go get? So I’d say seasonally, high. But we don’t really want to get into the details and percentages of it.
Andrew DeGasperi: That’s helpful. Just quickly on Onshape in terms of the channel, and how much you've essentially leveraged that, I mean, as at this point is it completely out there or is it just a select few that have been able to sell it? And if given the success, would you consider accelerating that process?
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. So it’s a couple of dozen right now, but it’s a couple of dozen of the best ones, biggest investment. So what we did is, we said, you know, we have hundreds and hundreds of channel partners. But you know, there’s definitely a kind of a tail, let’s say to that. So let’s start with the biggest best ones, the ones who are in best position to invest in new sales capacity, because they’re still selling Creo and, and let’s go ramp them up and see how it goes. So we started that last quarter. And by the way, we thought we would do this someday. But COVID convinced us we should do it right now. Because we just saw the pipeline just blossoming. And we said, you know, we just don’t have the capacity to execute on this. And there’s probably a lot more business that we’re not even finding. So, you know, that’s what we’re doing there, we’re taken a couple of dozen of our biggest and best resellers. They’re ramping up incremental new capacity. And they’re selling Onshape kind of into the lower end segment of the market, typically against SolidWorks. And they’re continuing to sell Creo kind of that’s slightly bigger and more sophisticated customers who, you know, for whatever reason really need that more advanced functionality of a higher end product.
Andrew DeGasperi: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Borg of Stifel. Your line is open.
Adam Borg: Hey, guys and thanks for taking – hey, guys thanks for taking the question. Just a real question on OpEx as I think beyond this year, obviously I’m not looking for guidance, but you guys have done a great job this year, you know, limiting OpEx spend. Some of that is one-time in nature, some of that is expense discipline. How should we think about OpEx grows more qualitatively going forward just given the opportunities that you’re talking about and the attraction you’re seeing? I know we’ve talked in the past about OpEx going at half the rate of ARR. I’m just curious if that thinking has changed? Thanks so much.
Kristian Talvitie: Yeah, great, Adam. Good, good question. You know, I think as a general rule of thumb, I think that’s the right way to think about it. And that’s, you know, certainly where we, you know, start with our planning process and we’re in the middle of the planning process right now in any given year, we may, you know, flex that up or down. But over the longer-term, that’s definitely the, you know, the starting point. But again, it can fluctuate a little bit depending on timing and opportunities we see in front of us.
Adam Borg: Great and maybe just a quick follow-up. Any comments on just recent business trends in July versus what you’re seeing in June? Thanks again.
Jim Heppelmann: All I would say is the quarter. You know, I was nervous as we came to the end of the quarter. And it was surprisingly not that stressful. So the quarter ended without a lot of fireworks and without a lot of angst and so forth it was actually quite relaxed. So that just tells me that it didn’t get worse. It probably held together and you know, gives me more confidence looking at the Q4 forecast.
Adam Borg: Thanks again.
Kristian Talvitie: Thank you, Adam.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes with Tyler Radke of Citi. Your line is open.
Tyler Radke: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask about the growth business, obviously, the ARR decelerated there and I think, you know, you call out some headwinds as it relates to, you know, selling some of these new IoT deals into customers, you know, where you have to be on site? I guess, how are you thinking about the trajectory of the growth ARR? Is this kind of the trough? And would you expect that to accelerate next quarter with the, you know, just overall ARR expected to reaccelerate? And then, you know, in regions, whether it’s China or Europe, you know, that are further along the reopening. Are you starting to see any signs of those IoT deals starting to pick back up just as things start to reopen? Thank you.
Jim Heppelmann: Go ahead.
Kristian Talvitie: Yeah, sure. Tyler, good question. You know, again, you know I think that the demand environment still remains a little bit challenging out there. So we’re mindful of that. That said, echoing Jim’s comments earlier, we do have committed backlog, if you will, of ARR coming into Q4, so we would actually expect to see fairly solid ARR performance for the growth business in Q4, just given some of that visibility that we have. Over the longer-term, you know, start looking into next year. I think that part’s still open.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. And let me, maybe just say in Q4, you know, Q4 is always for us, a seasonally strong quarter. You know, we have a hockey stick in Q4. And we’re telling you, we expect Q4 to be down less year-over-year than Q3 was, which means they’re going to go a good step up. And it’s not possible to achieve a good step up in bookings without IoT playing a major role. So there’s a lot of IoT business in our Q4 forecast, certainly a sequential step up. And at the same time, you know, we feel like we’re applying some conservatism there. So what I would say, Kristian said there’s problems in the demand environment, I’d actually say there’s problems in the closing environment, because the demand is high. And so what we need to do in Q4 is called the right close rate. And I think in any case, we’re going to have a sequential step up that’s quite interesting, you know, in the IoT business, and therefore, this probably would be the trough in the in the growth rate of the growth business, ARR growth rate.
Tyler Radke: Right and then are you just seeing any type of demand differences in regions that are opening up faster than others?
Kristian Talvitie: Well, we have seen China, as an example, has continued to accelerate, which is, you know, good. That’s both a function I think of their economy opening back up a little bit as well as, you know, our subscription model. Customers getting more comfortable with the subscription model in that region as well. You know, I think on a geo basis, we are looking for continued strong performance in Europe and Americas as well, but on a, you know, growth percentage, I think APAC would be the leader.
Tyler Radke: Okay, thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you, good evening. Hey, Jim, let me start with you on a technology question referring back to LiveWorx last month, the most valuable part of the conference so the various roadmap sessions for the various products, and was good to see that you’re right hearing to the release cadences, particularly for Windchill and of course for Creo. The question I have is, when you think about the upcoming releases that it just hit in December and June next year, what do you think will be the most incremental or catalytic, new features and capabilities, I’m highlighting PLM, because that’s where I think a lot of the flux is technologically and in terms of the end markets. So when you think about that, what do you think could be the drivers? And then additionally, how are you thinking about the incremental effect possibly of the new Creo ANSYS simulation product for the higher end product that coming out with in the fall?
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, let me take the second question first. I mean, there’s two things simultaneously happening in our relationship with ANSYS. One is, we’ve seen a nice pickup in the first wave of the Creo simulation live. And then as you point out, we’re coming out with another wave of capability around the mainstream simulation suite that is called ANSYS AIM. So, you know, while we’re getting momentum, we’re also now going to broaden the portfolio. And I think we’re optimistic about that. You know, PTC does have some capacity to sell simulation, we just decided we’d rather sell with ANSYS then against them. So I think we have a best-in-class simulation suite now within our CAD environment. And there’s customers certainly are interested in that. So I think that ANSYS partnership will continue to gain traction accordingly. And then, you know, on this Windchill thing, I do think there’s two big things we’re working on right now. And without getting deep in the details, responding to this digital transformation moment, is one of them. And then, although it won’t ship in the near-term, you know, beginning to think about how do you go to a multi-tenant SaaS version or Windchill. We do sell Windchill and SaaS today, but it’s single tenant. And what that means is that we don’t have all the upgrades – all the benefits of regular upgrades, you know, every three weeks, the whole basis is upgraded and so forth. But we’d like to go tackle that problem. We’d like to do I because it represents incrementally more value to the customer. And it represents incrementally more value of the PTC. I mean, frankly, less wasted energy by everybody. Now, in the meantime, some of the things we are working on is even while it remains single tenant SaaS, we could do a lot to make the cost of ownership lower, which would benefit PTC when we provided the SaaS and benefit all those, all those customers who take it as on-premise. So I’d say again, those two things more related to responding to digital transformation moment. And that includes integration with IoT and integration with the Vuforia Suite and stuff like that. And then, you know, preparing both tactically and strategically for a better SaaS future.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: For Kristian, how do you think the contribution from your partners, the total number, so to say that you get from them might evolve? If it’s x today? Where do you think it might be 2, 3, 5 years from now and Microsoft has been very vocal in just the last couple of months about their commitment to the manufacturing market. They highlighted you. There are multiple use cases they’re increasingly looking at, generally, but with what you do as well tied in. So when you think about all your partners, how does that footprint or ecosystem, whatever you want to call it proportionally, become more important to you?
Kristian Talvitie: Yeah, well, great question, Jay. I think that the, you know, the partner economy is extremely important to PTC. And, you know, that includes the more traditional partners as well as some of the more strategic as we call them alliances we’ve had recently –
Jim Heppelmann: And that’s the role in the global system integrators.
Kristian Talvitie: Global system integrators, but you know, again, Rockwell, Microsoft, you know, ANSYS as well. And so, you know, as we look out over multiple years, you know, I think that there is, you know, historically, let me say it this way, historically, the channel contribution has been, you know, mid 20s to kind of 30% of PTC’s overall business and as we look out over multiple years, we think that the opportunity for that is, you know, certainly to push, you know, the high 30s, approaching 40% of the, you know, approaching 40% of the business, you know, over a period of time.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Obin of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Hey, thanks a lot. Just a question on Onshape. You know, you guys sort of highlighted that revenue in the quarter was in line with expectations. We’ve been hearing through channel checks that actually COVID locked down the fact that everybody works from home are actually stimulated a lot of demand for the product, a lot of interest. Do you see sort of the growth trajectory for Onshape being meaningfully impacted post-COVID of the next several quarters that we can notice from the outside?
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, my view, Andrew is that two things are happening simultaneously. Some deals are being blocked, because companies are themselves in crisis mode and that tends to be larger deals. So there’s a headwind for sure, slowing actually down. But then is this tailwind, bringing in more deals that would not have, if not for COVID, probably wouldn’t have been in the forecast, meaning people are talking to us about because of COVID, I’m talking to you. And so we think right now, the headwinds and the tailwinds are cancelling each other out. And we’re basically on plan. However, we think at some point, when the economic fear subsides a little bit. I mean, companies going out of business, don’t buy any software from anybody. But when they stop worrying about going out of business, and they start thinking about going back to business, then we think there’s just the tailwind. And so the real answer is that, PTC has far more confidence in the future of Onshape than with the day we pulled the trigger on the acquisition nine months ago, we just feel like it was a great move both as a CAD tool, and then really something special in terms of this Atlas architecture that’s going to help us in many ways.
Andrew Obin: I mean just a follow-up question on-site access. Do you see any material improvement in July over June?
Jim Heppelmann: Again, our quarter is back-end loaded, okay. So we don’t close near as much business in June as we do in July. So for us, the risk would be that we didn’t close the business in July, but we did. Actually we landed our forecast came in above the guidance range we gave you. And so to us, July was certainly not worse than June and potentially better, because a back end quarter close more or less as expected.
Andrew Obin: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Wong of Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
Ken Wong: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just one for you, Jim, you touched on this Navy deal potentially $25 million 5 years out from now, I guess how should we be thinking about the potential slope of that transaction from a ramp perspective? And then as we think about other areas of defense, is it fair to assume that this is something that could potentially map over to kind of other departments?
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, okay those are both good questions. So first on the slope, let me just be clear, what we have is a pre-negotiated set of annual expansion options. We’re not calling it a ramp, because they’re not committed, they’re options. Okay, so think of it like a ramp, but without the commitment, therefore, none of it’s in backlog, none of it’s in ARR, none of that stuff. It’s just out there. But they’re pre-negotiated and it’s a pretty steady ramp that would get us from the initial deal, which by the way, the Navy disclosed some information on this. So I’ll tell you, they disclosed that they had set aside $97 million for this contract. And they also disclosed that the first order was a little over $3 million. So think that we got a $3 million ACV order and there’s a series of additional orders, if you added them all together over all the years, you know, plus a little bit of services gets you to that $97 million, they’ve set aside for us. Now, again, just to be clear, we – the project needs to go well or you could imagine scenarios where we don’t get that full ramp. Now, your second question.
Kristian Talvitie: So just to clarify on that, the first two years are in that 3, 3.5 –
Jim Heppelmann: Okay, first two years and then 3.5, right. Fair enough. So two years upfront and then a series of expansion options. Thanks, Kristian. Now, first of all, the Navy doesn't only have ships, they have airplanes. And so there’s Nav Sea, which is the deal we want and there’s there's Nav Air and it’s completely logical that the Navy would use the same system for the airplanes and that would, you know, potentially double it. But then absolutely, we’re going to go pitch the same story to every other branch of the military who operates all these assets and really see if we can't get others to follow so. We think we have something special there. But you know, we’re not going to call anything right now other than put that in the category of the digital transformation tailwind for PLM, because this is not engineering in CAD, it’s digital product models under configuration management, for purposes of operations and support.
Ken Wong: Got it, well thanks for the detail. And actually maybe a follow-on, I guess beyond defense. I mean, it sounds like this is something that could potentially map out to kind of other end markets. Is that a fair statement? Or is this very defense-specific?
Kristian Talvitie: No, no, no it’s not defense-specific at all. In fact, they’re deploying commercial off-the-shelf software that we actually developed for initially for non-defense customers. So we’re certainly engaged in similar discussions with other customers. And in fact, if you go to the LiveWorx event two years ago, some of you might remember, I was doing a configuration managed augmented reality inspection procedure against the Volvo truck engine. That’s actually the same story, just a particular use case of it. So this definitely could go elsewhere. It’s just of course these military commands operate such large numbers of assets of such high value that they’re you know, really, really interesting if you can win them.
Ken Wong: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Rich Valera of Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Thanks for fitting me in. Jim, a question for you on IoT. If you can put aside the logistical issues with deployment right now, I just wanted to get your sense of where that product is and its lifestyle – lifecycle in terms of adoption. And the things you’ve done specifically to facilitate adoption to reduce the friction and getting customers to adopt it. I know you just rolled out kind of insights as a service, which I think is one of the things in that sort of ilk. And you’ve also been working on sort of, I think, more templates to make it maybe more shrink wrapped and less customizable. But if you could just talk us through where that product is in its lifecycle and if you think there’s kind of an inflection somewhere down the road as you all these things sort of coalesce to make it more of a final product, as opposed to, you know, custom deployment.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, and I think that’s a great question, Rich, because I think the product has matured quite a bit as a great platform to develop and run IoT business applications, okay. But what we’d like to do is have more than pre-developed exactly as you said. We’d like it to be a solution in a way that has the platform in the background if you want it, but you’d really rather buy the solution. You know, I kind of in the industry example that’s a bit dated would be like salesforce.com and force.com. You know what I mean? Like force.com is there, if you bought salesforce.com, but most people really would focus on the CRM system or what have you. So just thinking about that for a minute, we’d like to have more value-oriented, outcome-based solutions that are ready to go. And that’s been a big focus at PTC, we hired a new executive to run that about a year ago now, Craig Melrose you know, a longtime McKinsey manufacturing expert. And so the reason I really like Craig is, he looks at it from a value standpoint. Hey, Mr. customer, what problems do you have? And what value could be created by solving those problems? And then we want to come and say, we have a solution that does exactly that. Let’s not talk about developing anything, it’s ready to go. So that’s what we’re aiming for. Again, I think at the platform level, we now have a very mature system and really we’re focusing now on the solutions. This factory insight as a service is a down payment. But I think you know, in the next one and even two years, you’re going to see us roll out a whole series of very interesting solutions that will change the way we sell. We’ll go back to selling Enterprise Solutions built around the concept of IoT as opposed to an IoT platform you could use to build the Enterprise Solutions, which is kind of the world we’ve been coming from.
Rich Valera: That makes sense. Thanks for that clarification, Jim.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our Q&A portion. I’d like to turn this call back over to Tim for any closing remarks.
Tim Fox: Thanks, Valerie. And again, thank you, everyone for joining us today. We will be participating in a number of virtual events coming up this quarter. You can find all the details on our investor website. We look forward to seeing you on the conference circuit in the coming months and again, thank you for your interest in PTC and we all hope you have a great evening. Take care.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the PTC 2020 Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Great. Thank you, Valorie. Good afternoon everybody and thank you for joining us today on PTC’s conference call to discuss our fiscal Q2 ‘20 results. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding future financial guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in PTC's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. As a reminder, we will be referring to operating and non-GAAP financial measures today during the call. Discussion of our operating metrics and these items excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release and related Form 8-K. And lastly, references to growth rates will be in constant currency unless otherwise noted. With that, let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks Tim. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. I hope you and your families are safe and well during this crisis. Before I jump into review of our quarter, I'd like to start by thanking our tens of thousands of customers around the world for their continued support and loyalty. Many of our customer relationships date back two and three decades now, which shows how important the relationships have been to both parties. We've been through several crises together and we'll get through this one too. I'd also like to thank PTC’s 6,000 employees around the globe for their hard work and commitment during the crisis. The way our team has embraced the remote work environment, while pushing forward to strategic initiatives and leaning in to support our global customer base, is a testament to the great culture we built here at PTC. Overall, we are very pleased with our fiscal Q2 results. We delivered 11% ARR growth, 25% revenue growth and 117% EPS growth. We did experience some bookings pressure related to the pandemic in the final weeks of the quarter, resulting in new ACV bookings being down mid-teens year-over-year. The impact came late in the quarter and was greater in Europe and Asia and within our smaller channel customers. Renewals were essentially unaffected by the crisis in Q2. Looking ahead, we’re mindful of the pressure that the pandemic would place on new bookings and our guidance reflects that. Still we continue to target double digit organic growth in ARR, revenue and EPS for the full year, despite factoring in the potential of severe demand challenges and modest renewal headwinds as well. I am very pleased that PTC remains able to provide such a strong outlook, given the very conservative guidance assumptions that Kristian will outline later in the call. Our strong Q2 results and outlook are not due to luck or happenstance, but are attributable to several successful strategic and operational initiatives we've executed over the past few years. These actions were initially taken to position PPC as a premium software company in a timeless manner, but they are proving to be particularly fortuitous in the current crisis environment. I am referring to our business model transition, our successful expansion into high growth IoT and AR markets, our recent embrace of a pure SaaS future through the Onshape acquisition and the restructuring we did earlier this year before the pandemic arrived. Because of these changes, PTC is positioned to hold up well during the downturn and we are very well positioned to drive even stronger growth in shareholder value creation once this crisis passes. Q2 ARR growth rates were 10% for the Core business, 30% in the Growth business, and low single digits in the Focus Solutions Group. Each business performed just modestly below the level we would have expected without the crisis. The datas in the prepared remarks and there's nothing particularly notable there. So instead of going deeper into Q2 results, let me instead use my time to take you through the strategic changes we've made to transform PTC into a company that's well positioned for this downturn. Understanding these changes will help illuminate the confidence we have in our guidance and in our longer term future. The biggest change has been our successful transition to a subscription business model that was completed last fall as we wrapped up fiscal 2019. Today over 95% of our software revenue is recurring. In stark contrast to the 2009 financial crisis, where double digit bookings decline led to double digit revenue and earnings declines for PTC. Our fiscal 2020 guidance is targeting double digit organic ARR growth with even higher levels of revenue growth, plus expanding margins that drive strong EPS growth and solid free cash flow. This is despite Q2 new bookings declines and the assumption of more significant year-over-year bookings declines in Q3 and Q4. The recurring nature of our model is allowing us to largely protect earnings and cash flow without materially impacting our ability to make key investments in our growth businesses to further extend our competitive positioning. The second big challenge – the second big change over the past few years has been the expansion of the markets we serve, enabled by strategic changes in our product portfolio. I think there's broad consensus that inside this terrible crisis it is digital technologies that are coming to the rescue and keeping many of us productive to avoid a much worse situation. As we've seen with video calls, anything digital that empowers a distributed workforce and embraces remote work is the most compelling of all. Fortunately for PTC IoT, ARR and PLM are all about remote work. Digitizing product data, and factory data and worker expertise so that it can be used by a distributed workforce is the very point of these technologies. We expect that the new normal that follows this crisis will create stronger tailwind to the already high growth IoT and AR markets and will make PLM more relevant than ever. Let me double click on augmented reality. PTC’s Vuforia AR suite allows companies to capture and digitize human expertise for purposes of collaborating with, training and supporting remote frontline workers. We’ve all seen Zoom, Teams and Go to Meeting usage explode for knowledge workers, but these tools don't bring any value to frontline workers. Vuforia does essentially what Zoom does, but for frontline workers. And there are three times more frontline workers, than knowledge workers on the world. Vuforia is a strong leader in industrial AR and PTC really stands to benefit as enterprise AR adoption accelerates. Here is an interesting proof point. In response to the crisis, we decided to provide free access to Vuforia Chalk, the entry level capability of the Vuforia suite. Think of the Vuforia Chalk as like a FaceTime call that allows you to see and mark up the real world environment at the frontline workers’ factory or work site. It's incredibly helpful for remote support and problem solving. By making Chalk free for the crisis period, we eliminated sales friction and quickly introduced AR for the first time to thousands of companies who were desperate for an immediate solution. Rockwell Automation and other companies partnered with us in promoting this initiative. Here in the U.S. National Association of Manufacturers embraced AR as a key strategy for their manufacturing constituents and promoted our free Chalk initiative. The NAM went a step further and published a paper that Professor Michael Porter and I co-authored on the topic of using AR to drive front line worker productivity, which you can find on our Investor website. The adoption of Chalk has been amazing and daily Vuforia Chalk AR collaboration traffic soared to levels 10 times higher than it was before the crisis. These companies using Chalk represent a big upsell pipeline to pursue in Q4 and beyond. Please check out ptc.com/freechalk to learn more, including a nice case study that discusses Toyota's use of Chalk to provide remote support the factory workers. Toyota incidentally is currently our largest Chalk customer. Moving on to IoT. From the beginning, PTC's IoT story has been about remote monitoring of smart connected products and remote monitoring of smart connected factories. Many medtech companies use PTC IoT solutions and we've already experienced large spikes in IoT usage as several medical diagnostics customers rush to launch new smart connected diagnostics and treatment equipment to respond to the COVID crisis. Because IoT and AR are both such strong drivers of digital transformation, ThingWorx and Vuforia solutions are frequently used together to allow customers to remotely monitor and diagnose assets and then to allow remote experts to collaboratively troubleshoot with front-line workers even from the safety of their homes. In a joint study that PTC and BCG recently published, we found that 81% of IoT projects see added value in AR, while 76% of projects that started with AR see real value in adding IoT. There's an important takeaway here. IoT and AR together form the foundation for a new era called spatial computing. This wave will be big, but it's just starting to form. Last week, PTC launched our first spatial computing offering called Vuforia Spatial Toolbox. I'm very excited about the possibilities for spatial computing in the industrial world of plants, factories and work sites and with best-in-class IoT and AR solutions to build on. PTC has a real competitive advantage as this wave comes together. Our Windchill software has been a real hero during the COVID crisis too, because Windchill has been a pure web application from the start. It doesn't matter where you are or what device you have, you still have full access to product data and full ability to participate in the process. We received accolades from numerous Windchill customers regarding how effective the software has been in their transition to a work from home environment. Because every manual or paper based process at their site came to an abrupt stop. Many customers have asked us to help accelerate and broaden their deployments because there was no hiccup in any process where PLM was used. PLM is more in fashion now than it ever has been. While AR, IoT and PLM are all about remote work, CAD is a different story. Mainstream CAD is an on-premise market today with 99% of current professional CAD seats installed on desktop workstations. These CAD environments prove more challenging in a work from home scenario because engineers were denied access to their workstation at the office that contain both their applications and data. This situation will have to change in a new normal that embraces remote work, which brings me to the next PTC strategic change I'd like to highlight, which is our effort to transition the engineering software industry, the full SaaS leveraging our Onshape acquisition. Working from home is more difficult with CAD because engineers don't have the big workstations at home to load the software on. No matter which mainstream CAD tool they use, many industrial companies have been forced to implement painful workarounds like using Citrix to gain access to the CAD software and data on a workstation back in the office. I talked last week to the CIO of a major automotive OEM. He said that he now has thousands of knowledge workers working from home and his biggest challenges have been an engineering. His company uses a competitor's PLM system that unlike Windchill has a fat client. So even his PLM system isn't readily accessible from home, he was exasperated by the state of engineering software and in complete agreement that we really need to bring the engineering world to SaaS so it can enjoy the benefits we now take for granted across the rest of our business systems. Frankly, our acquisition of Onshape could not have been timelier. If you want SaaS and engineering, Onshape is the only native SaaS product development platform on the market. Onshape users thrived during work from home because all their functionality and data lives in the cloud at all times. They can easily access their work from home at any time on any device, including a MacBook, Chromebook, phone or tablet. If it's hard to imagine what true SaaS means to CAD, take this 15 second test. Fire up a web browser and go to our Investor Relations website and then click on the Onshape link you see there. In about 15 seconds, you'll be in a full blown professional CAD system interacting with 3D model of a ventilator or a robot you pick. That's it. The implementation is done, you're in production. There's nothing like that in the industry and because it took the veteran Onshape team six years and more than $100 million to build the platform, PTC has a major lead as we enter this phase of SaaS acceleration. Onshape is not a big business yet, but of all our product lines that had the best performance relative to plan in Q2 and showed strong year-over-year bookings growth. As the crisis deepens, the level of Onshape interest grew commensurately and the pipeline is very strong going forward. Because it's so easy to get started with more than a dozen community-based emergency response programs aiming to develop new personal protection equipment and ventilators adopted Onshape globally. These efforts typically involve some combination of academic, commercial and government entities, joining forces to quickly design and manufacture a novel approach to respond quickly to the emergency shortages. This is a perfect fit for Onshape, teams discussed that we can either go implement a common CAD system or we can just start using Onshape right now. It's like calling an Uber rather than buying a car and securing a place to park it. The level of innovation and speed observed in these community projects is causing industrial companies to rethink their rigid supply chain strategies. And instead, look for technologies they can use to encourage and lubricate impromptu collaboration. We saw a related phenomenon happening in the education market. Many universities and many high schools have a 3D CAD curriculum in their engineering or STEM programs. most frequently using SolidWorks because all major CAD systems like SolidWorks run exclusively on Windows workstations and students generally have MacBooks, Chromebooks or iPads. Students are forced to provide a special PC computer room on campus where all CAD work must be done. The computer work has – the computer room has always been a pain because a lot of extra work and money for the school and students can't work from their dorm or classroom. But in this crisis, the computer room has become a showstopper because it's simply inaccessible because schools needed an immediate work from home solution to get back on track, Onshape education signups have soared to levels never seen before, especially during the middle of a school year. Likewise because of the coronavirus, the popular FIRST robotics program had to cancel their physical robot building season, but we worked with first to offer virtual Robots to the Rescue program and more than 400 virtual student teams quickly spring back to life and join this online CAD based robot competition. We estimate that Onshape has taken five to 10 points of education market share already in the past two months. And I expect things to really heat up during the summer back-to-school planning season. Winning an education is really important because infusing college new hires with the latest thinking so that they can influence the commercial companies that hire them is a proven sales and marketing approach in the CAD industry. We believe that COVID crisis will accelerate the SaaS tipping point for the engineering and software industry by several years. With this belief, we've been thinking about SaaS more broadly. For example, what about our installed customer base? What can we do there? As we mentioned in November, our acquisition thesis viewed Onshape as a CAD application built on a multipurpose SaaS platform. We saw the underlying SaaS platform as big a prize as the new CAD system and we've been investing heavily there. We'll be shining a light on this platform at live works in introducing it, using the code name Atlas. Think that Atlas will carry the PTC SaaS world on its shoulders. We're making great progress to extend Atlas more broadly across the PTC portfolio and we're deep into the work required to have it carry the frustum generative design capabilities and the Vuforia AR suite. I expect that we'll have the first brand new Atlas based deliverables in the market yet in calendar 2020. The long-term goal at PTC is to have a broad and seamless portfolio sharing a common SaaS infrastructure. We'll have more info at live works, which by the way has been converted to a virtual event that you're all welcome to attend. The bottom line is that I really liked the Onshape acquisition back in November, but I like it even more now. The timing could not have been better. The work-from-home genie won't go back in the bottle and it's now clear that we will need to embrace a more distributed and agile workforce and we've ever known before. That future will need SaaS based PLM, IoT, AR and CAD more than ever and PTC’s years ahead of competition across this waterfront. The last change I want to talk about is restructuring and cost management. As we entered fiscal 2020, we announced a restructuring plan to shift resources into our SaaS initiatives. As we executed that strategy throughout the fall and winter, we reduced costs more than the original plan, which you can see in our higher restructuring costs. This coupled with lower travel costs plus an intentional slowdown in hiring and cancellation of various live events like LiveWorx has us tracking toward a spending number that's well below our plan for the year. Even as we continue to invest aggressively in new technologies like SaaS and AR, we still expect to deliver strong operating margin expansion in fiscal 2020. Before I wrap up, I'd like to share one other piece of important news, which is that PTC just launched Creo 7 in the market two weeks ago during the work-from-home period. This is a huge release for us because it brings to market a frustum generative design technology. It adds fluid dynamics to the ANSYS live simulation capabilities and lays the groundwork for the mainstream EM simulation suite to ship with Creo this fall. It introduces multi body design and has a host of improvements related to additive manufacturing and more. While I'm excited about our opportunity to take share in the transition to SaaS, that's a long-term strategy. In the meantime, Creo 7 is a big advancement in terms of our ability to continue to win and renew Creo customers with this flagship product line. In summary, because of the tough decisions PTC previously action to change our business model to expand in the growth markets like IoT and AR to launch into SaaS with Onshape and to work on our cost structure. We're very well positioned to perform during the downturn and to thrive in the new normal the inevitable turnaround will bring. It's a difficult market out there, but I couldn't be more pleased with PTC’s positioning in it. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kristian to take you through the quantitative results.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I begin – before I review our results, I'd like to note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance and all growth rate references will be in constant currency. Let me start off with a brief review of our second quarter results and then spend the balance of the call on our outlook for the remainder of the year. Q2 ARR was $1.18 billion representing 11% year-over-year growth, which is consistent with the guidance commentary we provided last quarter and slightly better than on our March 10 business update call. Similar to other software peers, we did see a deterioration in new bookings in the last few weeks of the quarter. However, due to factors such as backlog and timing of start dates, we still achieved strong new ACV growth. And as Jim mentioned earlier, Q2 churn came in essentially on plan. So the net result of all that was 11% ARR growth. Q2 revenue of $360 million, was up 25% year-over-year driven by 35% recurring revenue growth. Operating margin of 29%, increased 1,400 basis points over Q2 2019 and lastly, non-GAAP EPS of $0.59 increased almost 200% year-over-year. Q2 free cash flow of $82 million was within our expectations and included $18 million of restructuring payments primarily associated with the workforce reduction actions we began in Q1 2020 and $2 million of acquisition related payments.  Moving on to our balance sheets, we ended Q2 with $1.6 billion of debt, including $1.5 billion of senior notes and $148 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility. And we had cash and marketable securities of $884 million. As you know, in January we announced that we will redeem the $500 million of 6% notes due in 2024 on May 15 of this year. Following this redemption, we will have $1 billion of senior notes with a weighted average cost of debt of 3.8% it's also worth noting that the maturity dates on these new notes extended to 2025 and 2028 respectively and will have approximately $350 million of cash and marketable securities. We believe this is a very attractive and stable capital structure, especially in light of the current economic backdrop. Now turning the guidance. Let me begin by providing some context on our outlook and our underlying guidance assumptions for the balance of the year. As Jim discussed earlier, while we were pleased with our Q2 results, we did see some pressure on new bookings in the final weeks of the quarter. Conversely, renewal activity was strong throughout Q2. In addition, the majority of our Q3 renewals take place during the first month of the quarter and April renewal rates were largely on track. Given the uncertainty around the duration and depth of the current economic slowdown, we've revised our fiscal 2020 outlook to assume continued deterioration and the demand environment for the remainder of the year. From a demand perspective, you will recall that a certain portion of our new ACV is backlog, meaning it was previously committed in a prior period and therefore not really impacted by a macroeconomic induced downturn and our new bookings assumption relates only to the new business that has not been yet committed. At the same time, only the contracts that are up for renewal in any given period can experience churn, not the full ARR base. Well, we do not share the specifics of new deals sold or proportion of expiring contracts, I do think it's important to outline this nuance so you can understand how our guidance range contemplates and market demand at both the high and low end of the ARR range. So with that as a backdrop, let me share with you our thinking on ARR for the remainder of the fiscal year. At the low end of the range, we assume a severe disruption in new bookings growth in Q3 and Q4 with both quarters down approximately 50% year-over-year. To be clear, this level of deterioration is not what our internal forecast is calling for, but given the uncertainty of the environment, we wanted to provide an appropriately conservative outlook for the low end. The mid-point of the range assumes new bookings are down about 30% in the back half. This is in line with the commentary we provided on March 10th, as well as in line with our performance in fiscal 2009. But it's also well below what our internal forecast is calling for. The high end of the range assumes new bookings are down 30% year-over-year in Q3 and modest sequential improvement in Q4, but still down about 20% year-over-year, again, this scenario also modestly below internal expectation. In addition to account for the possibility of lower retention rates in the back half of the year, we've increased our churn rate assumptions on both the low and high-end of the range. Now, instead of assuming a modest year-over-year improvement in churn, we're factoring in a churn rate of approximately 8% for fiscal 2020. Through Q2, approximately 20% of our churn was related to customer loss, primarily smaller customers in the channel with the remainder of the churn related to downgrades. Lastly, we're anticipating our professional services business will face headwinds over the next few quarters. We're seeing regions like Southern Europe, where projects are being paused or postponed and industries like automotive and retail and footwear and apparel are more heavily impacted. On the positive side, our professional services teams and most geographies are able to continue their work remotely, so the slow down is primarily related to new implementation, where the potential deals are being pushed out into a lesser extent a temporary pause for ongoing projects. We also saw a strong move of training to a virtual format even in more conservative areas such as the CAD and PLM markets and in countries like Germany and Italy. What is particularly noteworthy is Jim mentioned earlier, is that the strength of the recurring business model could not be more evident. Even with these declines in new bookings and increased churn, we're still targeting double-digit ARR growth for the year. Now for this specifics, we're expecting fiscal 2020 ARR of $1.22 billion to $1.2 6 billion, that's a growth rate of 9% to 12%. Relative to Q2, our ARR guidance includes approximately $7 million of negative FX impact, and we expect Q3 ARR growth to be in the high single-digits with ARR growth accelerating in Q4. This increase is driven primarily by both normal seasonality of our business and our backlog of new deals booked in prior periods. Now turning to free cash flow. For fiscal 2020, we're expecting to deliver approximately $200 million, which is down about $30 million from our prior guidance and includes $10 million of additional restructuring charges related to our reorganization in the first half and a $5 million negative FX impact. And even though we haven't seen a material change in customer payment activity, we've also built some caution into our collections forecast for the back half of the year. For the full year, free cash flow guidance includes $45 million of restructuring costs, approximately $10 million of acquisition-related payments, $65 million of interest payments and CapEx investments in the low-to-mid $20 million range. Now, turning to the P&L guidance, we're expecting fiscal 2020 revenue of $1.4 to $1.43 billion, that’s a decrease of about $70 million at the mid-point of guidance. Again, revenue is somewhat funny concept for an on-prem subscription company under ASC 606. So while our ARR, which is essentially our subscription and support billings on a trailing 12 month basis is down about $45 million at the midpoint, revenue will be down $70 million, reflecting an additional $17 million reduction in professional services, $5 million reduction in perpetual license revenue and shorter expected contract durations as we're seeing more customer opt for one year terms, given the macro backdrop. The resulting revenue range is growth of 11% to 14%. As I mentioned earlier, to ensure we can mitigate the impact of lower top line growth on earnings and cash flow, we're taking additional steps beyond our early restructuring actions to control expenses by limiting new headcount additions to critical roles in our growth businesses, that in conjunction with lower travel expense, lesser spend on events such as live works and lower expected variable compensation expense sets us up well to deliver on the margin front despite a $70 million reduction in revenue at the midpoint. The result is that, we expect a tighter operating margin range of 27% to 28% compared with our previous guidance of 26% to 29%. This is an increase of 700 basis points to 800 basis points year-over-year. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected to be $2.20 to $2.35, which is only a decrease of $0.12 at the mid-point of guidance and represents 34% to 43% growth year-over-year. So to sum up, we feel our guidance has an appropriate and prudent amount of conservatism, considering all the current exoticness factors, we've taken measures to control expenses and protect earnings without impairing our ability to make key investments in our growth businesses and to further extend our competitive positioning. And lastly, we have a strong and stable capital structure to support our profitable growth strategy going forward. Well, we're not providing fiscal 2021 guidance at this time. It is worth noting that even under a scenario of economic softness, we still expect ARR to grow. And with spending control that PTC has demonstrated for many years, we also expect to generate free cash flow growth. Bear in mind, there will be some free cash flow tailwinds in fiscal 2021, and while we expect that CapEx will continue in the same mid-20s ballpark, interest expense is expected to decrease roughly $25 million compared to the fiscal 2020 outlook, given the debt structure we put in place and assuming no new restructuring, we would expect approximately $30 million less of restructuring payments and assuming no acquisitions and other approximately $10 million less of acquisition related payments in fiscal 2021. So wrapping up, we had a solid quarter, but recognized the market is changing rapidly. We believe, we're well positioned to perform during the downturn and continue delivering significant value to our customers, which will in turn drive ARR and free cash flow growth well into the future. So with that, I'd like to thank everyone for their time and I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Saket Kalia of Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Jim Heppelmann: Hey, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Hey Jim, hey Kristian. Thanks for taking my questions here. Hey Jim, maybe, first for you. Can you talk a little bit about the pipeline in the IoT business? I think we said in the prepared remarks clearly not a lot of big deals being signed there in this environment particularly closer to the end of the March quarter. But how about interest/pipeline for IoT for the remainder of this year?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, Saket. Just this morning actually we did go through the pipeline kind of in preparation for the call. And the IoT pipeline is pretty strong. The question for us is close rates and the risk that some of that pipeline pushes back a quarter or whatever, from Q3 to Q4 and Q4 to Q1.  So we have plenty to work with. Plenty to support our forecast that, as Kristian said, is well above the guidance range we've given you. We're being conservative around close rates in the forecast and being double conservative in the guidance, because we're worried about software that has to be implemented in bigger ticket purchases might get delayed. I doubt it's going to get canceled. But it's just what we saw at the end of the quarter was, if you needed to buy software, you had to implement. But everybody is being sent home and you don't know how to implement it, we'll then want to just wait until we all come back to the office and buy it then. And so that to me is the risk. But it's not really a question of pipeline, it's really a question of close rates. And that's generally true across the board.
Saket Kalia: That makes a lot of sense. Kristian, maybe for my follow-up for you, can you just talk a little bit about the slightly higher churn assumption? You talked about sort of where that comes from downgrades versus smaller customers. But I'm curious, as you think about that assumption in the guide, are you starting to see any headcount reductions at your customers that would maybe contribute to that forecast? Or is that maybe another element of conservatism? 
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. So again, here, we haven't really seen major headcount reductions in our customer base. But an effort to, again, provide a prudent and conservative outlook. We thought that was the right thing to do to factor in some extra churn. It's a dicey market environment right now.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes Kristian said this, but to reiterate, we've not seen COVID-related churn thus far.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Very helpful guys. Thanks very much for the color.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Vruwink of Baird. Your line is open.
Jim Heppelmann: Hey Joe.
Kristian Talvitie: Hey Joe.
Joe Vruwink: Hey, hello everyone. I just wanted to be clear on, I guess, guidance versus internal expectations. So are your internal expectations that you referred to closer to what you're actually seeing in the market today and guidance presents a dramatically, I'll say, worse scenario ultimately? Is that a fair characterization?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, we have a forecast. That's our internal expectation. Keep in mind, new bookings were down 16% last quarter. Going forward, our forecast would have it down more than 16%, but still above the entire range that Kristian gave you. So the truth is none of us know what's going to happen in the coming quarters. We just don't. So rather than assume it's going to be good and get surprised when it's bad, we're assuming it's going to be kind of bad. And hopefully, if there's a surprise, it will be to the good side. But certainly, we're looking at a forecast that's above the high end of the guidance range.
Kristian Talvitie: And again just to follow-on to that, just to put the guidance range, the midpoint where new bookings down, call it, in the 30% range in Q3 and Q4. That's the kind of the levels of deterioration that we saw back in 2009, right? We've provided that even at our Analyst Day scenario. And the low end contemplates something even more difficult than that environment.
Joe Vruwink: Okay, that’s helpful. And then a lot of companies seem to be going back to the 2009 playbook. Obviously, PTC has provided a lot of detail with the mid-March update, and now just in regards to how new ACV trended during that period of time. I guess when you compare and contrast the pieces of the portfolio that were around in 2009, has anything held up, I guess, surprisingly better? And then when you look at the pieces that have been added, and obviously, you spoke to Onshape and the strength there, but with some of the newer pieces over the last decade, can you maybe speak to how that's helping provide the resiliency or helping provide the offset, given this is a pretty tough environment your customers are going through?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, for sure. I think if you look at 2009, we were really a CAD and PLM company. And those businesses combined – those markets combined were growing single digits, probably upper single digits at the time. We didn't have the growth engines we have now. And I spent a lot of time upfront to say, actually, this COVID crisis will probably create a substantial tailwind for our SaaS business, our IoT business and our AR business. Maybe not immediately, but definitely, some of it is happening immediately. Our AR pipeline is off the charts. So it's hard to know for sure how to compare this to 2009. I would say we definitely have a growth year portfolio and a more relevant portfolio in the context of this crisis than we had in the context of that crisis. And then as Kristian said, the high end of our guidance sort of assumes it's as bad as 2009, and the low end of our guidance assumes it's much worse than 2009.
Joe Vruwink: Okay, great. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jim Heppelmann: Hi, Matt.
Matt Hedberg: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. Really do appreciate a lot of the detail that you guys gave, that's super helpful. Jim, I'm wondering, your guidance outlines a variety of new booking scenario, which I think is helpful relative to ARR. Now given this is a clearly back-end loaded quarters, I'm wondering if you can comment on new booking trends you are seeing thus far in April? It sounds like renewals, and as Kristian said, remained strong this month. But wondering if you're seeing any signs of change in new bookings, maybe beyond what you saw in Q2?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, as you said, we do have relatively back-end loaded quarters. And that said, we do track what we call the done number, which is what percent done are we versus this point in a typical quarter? And relative to the forecast, the done number is just fine. But it's early and it's not that meaningful when it's this early.
Matt Hedberg: That's helpful. And then I like the done number, we got to use that more often. And then I guess, in terms of your global model, obviously you've got a very diversified model globally. And I think in your prepared remarks, you noted some new bookings weakness in Europe and Asia, in particular this past quarter. I'm wondering though if you can comment on, if you're seeing any signs of improvement or stabilization in some of these pockets internationally that are showing signs of reopening. I'm thinking like China, maybe pockets of Asia, anything of note there as if some of those economies start to open up a little bit?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, in China in particular, even by the end of the last quarter, we saw hints of come back and definitely when we look at the forecast for this quarter, it's up quarter-over-quarter, it's up nicely. So I think we do see China coming back online and spending coming back into the system. The U.S. of course is two steps behind that, right. So last quarter, Europe was in a deeper funk than the U.S. and maybe by the end of the quarter we'll see Europe improving. I don't know. And part of the problem right now is none of us know, none of us know what's going to happen. So what we tried to do is give guidance with a lot of prudence as Kristian said. And then be transparent on the level of prudence we put in the guidance so that you can decide if it should be more or less based on your own deal of what's going to happen in the world.
Matt Hedberg: Sounds good. Thanks a lot guys. Thanks for all the details.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Borg of Stifel. Your line is open.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks for taking the question, guys. And again, appreciate all the commentary as well. Just real quickly on ARR. So in the past, Kristian, you've talked about ramp deals in the back half of the year. Just curious, I want to confirm that those committed ramp deals that we've talked about, you haven't seen any impact to that or have some of those ramp deals been renegotiated and I have a follow-up?
Kristian Talvitie: No, we're not seeing, at this point, meaningful changes to the previously committed ramps. I mean, I think…
Jim Heppelmann: Well, I mean, the thing you have to understand is their contracts. And once you sign a contract, if somebody comes and said hypothetically, we'd like to renegotiate that, our reaction is, we wouldn't – there's a whole lot of contracts we have too that we'd like to renegotiate. We have a lease on a brand new headquarters. It's been empty for six weeks. I'd like to renegotiate that, but the vendor doesn't seem to want to renegotiate it with me. So I'm just saying these are contracts, that there isn't renegotiation unless there's something in it for us too and simply taking them down would just be a win loss and difficult to get us to sign up for that.
Adam Borg: Perfect. I appreciate that. And just as a quick follow-up, I don't think I heard anything yet about the partnerships with Rockwell, ANSYS, we talked a little bit about Creo Simulation Live, but any color you can provide on how Rockwell – Creo Simulation Live and even the Microsoft partnership did in the quarter? Thanks again.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I passed on that simply to save time because I wanted to talk about the strategic perspectives, but all three main partnerships did okay in the quarter. Probably of them all, Microsoft was the strongest. But with Rockwell, we had some great wins. Rockwell had some great wins. Rockwell has taken us into some amazing new accounts and I'll let them speak about their accounts. And then with ANSYS, we also had some good sales. I don't think we probably were on plan with ANSYS, but in general, we weren't on plan with anything. So I think all three partnerships posted a decent quarter. None of them particularly notable in either direction, all of them suffered a little bit in the context of what happened to everybody late in the quarter.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks again.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks Adam.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks. Good evening. Jim, your comments on product strategy were quite interesting, including the reference to the forthcoming Atlas release. My question there before my follow-up for Kristian is could you put all of those comments and your strategic outlook in the context of the close with lifecycle management strategy that we've talked about that you've talked about. What are perhaps some of the metrics or milestones that you would think about to validate that the strategy is viable, that it is having an impact in the marketplace and maybe throw in some Onshape roadmap comments into that. And then secondly, for Kristian, your cost containment efforts were certainly quite apparent from the very large reduction in your open positions over the last few months down over 60% since the end of 2019 for all open positions. In that number, there was an especially large decline in sales openings, which I suppose is understandable given the bookings outlook. But is there some longer term implication in there in terms of how you were thinking about your sales structure. Maybe driving to more of an inside sales structured in support of Onshape and SaaS, generally and you’re thinking perhaps about any kind of further R&D or even product line consolidations, maybe end of lifeing anything or anything along those lines.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. So Jay, I'll take the first one. To share with people some terminology so rather than say Vuforia will be based on Onshape, which sounds funny. Let's say Onshape is based on Atlas and Vuforia will also be based on Atlas. And we will bring other technologies onto the Atlas platform. And this Atlas platform will evolve over time and at some point it actually will look materially different than what we acquired from Onshape because we've taken it in other directions as well. For example, Vuforia needs a computer vision engine in the platform and Onshape didn't, but that's okay. No Atlas will have a computer vision engine for anything that needs it and then AI engine for IoT and so forth. But to get to the gist of your question today, we have a closed loop life cycle management story with significant properties being subscription but on-premise, in particular Creo. And Windchill has a lot of on-premise, but we also do sell that as SaaS. And so what we'd like to do is somewhere down the road, have a complete 100% SaaS based closed-loop life cycle management suite that passes that 15-second test. You click on a link, and within 15 seconds, you're in any part of the suites doing anything that we can do. We are not there today, but and the industry is far from there by the way. And so I think that what PTC has is a lead and now we see an exogenous factor as Kristian said, that's a wake up call that this industry have to move to SaaS pronto and pronto won't be quick, but it's going to be a lot quicker than I might have thought it was three months ago. And so PTC is going to press our advantage is as hard as we can and try to be the company that brings this industry to SaaS. And it's going to require a lot of work from us in the coming quarters and even years. But I think it could represent a significant share shift. Because of the industry goes to SaaS and we're far ahead of everybody pulling the industry there, we might definitely benefit from that. We're seeing it happen in education. That's why I started up that story is as you know, to imagine taking five points or 10 points of educational market share in two months. I couldn't have dreamed to that. But I can now in the context of this crisis.
Kristian Talvitie: And Jay then to answer the second through seventh questions…
Jay Vleeschhouwer: At least that.
Kristian Talvitie: That you sneakily wrapped all into one. Let me just try to sum it up this way. To a certain degree, PTC was fortunate with the timing of the reorganization that we did in the first half, which was actually pre-global pandemic and therefore unrelated. It was really more around reorganizing around the growth businesses. And, now as this struck, we had actually taken out more costs than perhaps originally anticipated. But that now puts us in a position where as we start looking at the back half much of that cost control, we can really just think about it as how, and when we want to release the spicket. We all want to get back to a stage where we're all hiring and growth is happening. So we want to be mindful of that and we're watching carefully what's going on in the market. But in the meantime, it's more like a slow drip on when and where we're hiring and we're trying to be pretty thoughtful about where we're adding capacity right now to take most advantage of the situation.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. Maybe I can add two tidbits to that that might be helpful. One is when we did this restructuring, we set out to do a reduction in force, but then we said, what we've moved to this new headquarters and that might be causing some pressures associated with the commute and so forth to some people. And they might leave anyway if it's a problem. So why don't we have a voluntary program and by the way, an early retirement program. And so we serve those two programs up with really only but an estimate of what might happen. And we had fairly good adoption of the voluntary and early retirement programs. So we ended up taking out more people than we probably would have taken out by a reduction in force. We said, okay, that's fine. We'll hire them back. But guess what? We're not going to hire them back. So you might say, it's almost like we've done a reduction in force by going below the headcount we intended to be at and then electing not to go back up. So that's a little bit why our cost structure has come down so much. And then, we definitely are still hiring. I can tell you what we're hiring developers for sure in our AR business, in our SaaS business and we're making selective hires here and there and also doing portfolio work within the portfolio. So for example, based on the demand we've seen for Onshape, we've shifted a fair amount of inside sellers into selling Onshape just did that recently. So don't yet have results. But we're responding to what we see as interesting demands in the market. We also did something else we turned our premier channel resellers, loose – or we're just doing that now, turning them loose with the right to sell Onshape. We hadn't intended to do that. But we said, hey, wait a minute. If the industry suddenly wants SaaS-based CAD and we alone have it, let's not miss this opportunity. Let's put capacity on it. So thinking that is just within the headcount and within the ecosystem, we're also doing some portfolio management to move resources to where the demand is the strongest.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you, Jay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jackson Ader: Thanks. This is Jackson Ader on for Sterling tonight. Question from our side, maybe on the go-to-market motion. Jim, you explained how any of us can go to ptc.com couple of clicks. We're using Onshape. So I was just curious, the required legwork for maybe an Onshape net new logo relative to the on premise world. Can you just give us a flavor for just how much easier or less friction there is with, with an Onshape, onboarding relative to the on-premise?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, well, again, there's no software and there's no data at the customer sites. So we skip all those phases of installation and so forth. And then as you might expect with a SaaS product, all the demonstrations and so forth are done digitally, virtually over the web. So definitely Onshape is set up for a digital go-to-market process and that's really what we're trying to leverage. Now that said, if you want to get in bigger deals, where there's more switching costs, more perceived risk in switching, no matter what you're switching to, you might have to call on people and have live conversations with them and so forth. So I think it's definitely more than just selling over the web, but it's not at all like pounding the pavement and making cold calls and stuff like that kind of the old fashioned direct sales way. So I think it's somewhere in the middle and that's why we're pulling more of our inside sales and more of our resellers into the game.
Jackson Ader: Okay, great. Thank you. And then the follow-up question on services. So you mentioned services were cut – but which services are still happening and which services where maybe cut the most, what types of services?
Jim Heppelmann: Well, let me just say, it's probably hard to categorize it by type, but let me do my best. So any services work that have to be performed onsite is a problem, because generally speaking, we're not allowed to go onsite, we're not allowed to travel there. And by the way, if we went onsite, probably the customer wouldn't be there anyway. So I would say as a characterization, onsite work is where the problem is. Good amount of our work is done offsite and really has been for years in part to take advantage of lower cost labor and so forth. So if you give us a project in Europe, we're probably going to do it in Romania, even if the actual project is in France or something like that. So that kind of work has gone full speed ahead, but it's really services work that requires onsite for example, if you're going to stand up IoT in a factory, somebody really has to go to the factory and assess all the physical assets that are there and determine how to connect to them. And it's hard to do that project without ever being in the factory. You maybe don't have to be in the factory all the time, but you at least have to go there to kick off the project. So I think it's those projects in the near-term, while we're in lockdown mode that require onsite work that are most challenged.
Jackson Ader: Makes sense. Thank you.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks, Jackson.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Koenig of Wedbush. Your line is open.
Jim Heppelmann: Hey, Steve.
Steve Koenig: Hi gentlemen. Hey. Thanks for taking my question. I'll just – I'll make it one question. So – and I apologize if this is repetitive with either scripted or QA remarks. I'm curious, I heard the remarks on your guidance and how you're thinking about it in comparison with 09, and that sounds sensible and it sounds pretty robust. I'm wondering though the composition of – particularly by vertical Jim, I'm curious on your view as you look out across your verticals kind of the relative, maybe resilience of the verticals and maybe one way to do it is to stack rank them if you want it to, but kind of any generalizations you can make regarding the financial crisis and the relative impact on your verticals versus this crisis and any relevant supply chain disruptions or other factors that affect those verticals.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, well. Maybe I could start by saying where we have the highest concentrations would be, what I'm going to call generalized industrial. That would be everything from John Deere to machine tools and factories to Carrier air conditioning equipment. That's our biggest vertical at this point in time. Our second vertical is Aerospace and Defense, which by the way particularly on the defense side is where we're strong, is not really suffering that much, the U.S. government is not dialing back, they're leading in. The third thing would be Electronics and High-Tech, but that's not really consumer electronics, it's really more business-to-business type of electronics equipment. So those would be our three biggest exposures. And then if you get down to places like Automotive, you're talking single-digits which is good because automotive is a tough industry. If you get into commercial aviation, it's not that big, again, we're much bigger than defense. If you think about places like, there is been questions about airlines. Well airlines are less than 5%. I think airlines and retail together are less than 5% of our ARR. And by the way, the business we do with airlines is around spare parts management. And we don't so much – it's not about new sales, it's more about renewals. And as long as they own those airplanes, they're going to own spare parts for them, whether they're flying them or not. And I don't think any airline that's still in business is going to stop managing spare parts because they won't be able to get back into business. They'll never put those airplanes in the air again, if they give up on the spare parts. So it feels like the parts of this particular economy that I hit the worst really are not the places where PTC has the deepest exposure. And in particular, I'm probably referring to automotive here, which I think is probably one of the toughest places to be.
Steve Koenig: Got it. Great. Well, thanks, Jim. Thanks, Kat.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks, Steve.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. I’d now like to turn the conference back over to Jim for any closing remarks.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you, and thanks everybody for joining us today. So in addition to LiveWorx going virtual, a lot of investor are going virtual as well. We're going to be at a bunch of them in this quarter beginning with JP Morgan’s Global TMT Conference on May 14th. So, look out on our website for the other events as they get posted. So we do look forward to seeing you on the conference circuit, hopefully. And if not, hopefully you can join us at the LiveWorx event, information is up on the website for that as well. And lastly, thank you for your interest in PTC and have a great and safe evening. See you all later. Bye-bye.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating, you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-01-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the PTC 2020 First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Thank you, Sheila. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining PTC's conference call to discuss our fiscal Q1 '20 results. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding future financial guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in PTC's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. As a reminder, we'll be referring to operating and non-GAAP financial measures during today's call. Discussion of our operating metrics and these items excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release and related Form 8-K. Lastly, references to growth rates will be in constant currency unless otherwise noted. And with that let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to share that our solid Q1 performance puts us right on track to deliver against our fiscal '20 targets and our attractive long-term financial ranges. ARR which is our key top line metric grew 11% in Q1. As Kristian will detail later in the call, we are raising our fiscal '20 ARR guidance based on our Q1 performance, our visibility into the balance of the fiscal year and favorable currency tailwinds. We're also raising revenue, EPS and adjusted free cash flow guidance for the year. At the midpoint of our guidance, we're now expecting fiscal '20 ARR growth in the mid-teens, revenue growth approaching 20% and EPS growth above 40%. The benefits of all the hard work we've done in the past years to expand our profitability, to increase our growth rate and to convert to a subscription model are really starting to show, because PTC truly is emerging as one of the world's premier public software companies. Before digging into the details, I'd like to share some observations about broader industry trends and PTC's unique position in terms of helping customers thrive during this period of rapid change in the industrial world. Similar to other industries like entertainment, hospitality or transportation that have been disrupted by digital technologies, industrial companies are now facing new challenges from traditional competitors that are embracing digital technologies across the value chains, and from new entrants exploring new business models. Digital transformation has become a wave that's sweeping across the industrial market, enabling companies to better differentiate their products and services while simultaneously optimizing their engineering, manufacturing, sales and service processes. As the only company out there who has a suite of CAD, PLM, IoT, AI and AR capabilities, PTC has a unique ability to help customers pursue their digital transformation ambitions. Every day, we are helping customers to do things like implement AI driven product design, or to create a digital thread to leverage product data across the value chain, or to gain operational insight from their products in the field and their assets and their factories through our leading IoT and AI technology and to drive significant improvements to worker productivity through our AR technology. I host many customer meetings and I can tell you that PTC Solutions really resonate with our customers, because they align with their high priority initiatives. Nobody else looks like PTC, and with the opportunity in front of us it's a very exciting time to be here. Given our performance and forward-looking momentum, one should take note that traditional economic measures like the PMI index are now much less correlated with PTC business trends. As we all learned in the great recession of 2009, recurring revenue streams are impacted much less by economic fluctuations then is perpetual license revenue. This suggests that our subscription-based business model coupled with growing secular dynamics of our business that I described earlier, have to a large degree driven a decoupling from traditional cyclical measures like PMI. We are guiding the strong ARR growth against the backdrop of some of the most lackluster PMI numbers in recent memory. Of course, we remain mindful of these external measures, but this negative sentiment has been around for some time now. This decoupling gives us even more confidence in our ability to drive sustainable growth going forward. Turning now to some highlights in the quarter. I'll begin with our growth business that now includes ThingWorx IoT, Vuforia AR and Onshape SaaS. ARR growth for our IoT solutions accelerated quarter-over-quarter and our augmented reality solutions once again outpaced high market growth rates, thanks to a continuation of the trend of customers introducing AR into their manufacturing and service environments. In addition the healthy new logo activity, Q1 expansion bookings represented about 65% of IoT and AR bookings, primarily driven by customer shifting from pilots to production at an accelerating pace. The number of six-figure deals in the quarter, more than doubled versus a year ago. When viewed through an ARR lens, trends across our customer cohorts are impressive. Relative to Q1 of last year the number of IoT and AR customers with ARR greater than 500K grew by over 50% [ph]. One of these customers; Thermo Fisher is a great example of how enterprises are transforming their business with PTC Solutions. Thermo Fisher is a global leader in the biotech space, who is leveraging ThingWorx to offer new value-added services to further differentiate themselves in their competitive end markets. In their chemical analysis division for example, Thermo Fisher embeds ThingWorx within their products, allowing end customers to remotely capture and analyze test data from these products. Thermo Fisher is also leveraging ThingWorx for predictive maintenance, and to provide feedback loops to their product development teams. Thermo Fisher is representative of the trends we're seeing where customers are expanding their digital footprint across product lines and use cases and into their production environments as well. Given the broad scope and global nature of the digital transformation opportunity within the industrial market, we knew it would be challenging to pursue this alone. Of course, that's why we performed strategic alliances with industry leaders like Rockwell Automation and Microsoft. Both of these alliances again delivered the goods in Q1. In our Rockwell Automation alliance, Q1 provided a strong start to the year with robust new deal activity, plus a meaningful uptick in expansions as pilot projects that were kicked off earlier in FY '19 moved into production. The Rockwell alliance team delivered new deals across the broad cross-section of vertical markets and in 15 different geographies, which highlights both the deep industrial domain expertise and the global reach that Rockwell Automation brings to this relationship. In our Microsoft alliance, Q1 also marked a strong start to the year with new ACV bookings well above plan. Geographically, the Americas continues to be the main driver of growth. However, momentum in Europe is building and the Microsoft alliance has a robust pipeline heading into Q2. We're also pleased to see that demand continued to expand beyond the smart connected product use case into factory and even AR solutions, which represented more than a third of the alliance bookings in Q1. A great proof point of the power of our Microsoft alliance is a recent win at Johnson Controls, who is a leading global provider of building control systems. It turns out that PTC, Microsoft and Accenture were independently supporting JCI's digital transformation efforts from different angles. Too many cooks in the kitchen ran the risk of slowing things down. So PTC, Microsoft and Accenture joined forces and approached the C-suite with a unified strategy for their smart factory initiatives. Together we landed the deal to deliver a fully cloud-based smart factory solution that has Accenture deploying PTC's ThingWorx and Microsoft's Azure. Before I leave the growth discussion, let me share that we're making great progress integrating the Onshape team. In fact the Onshape team moved into our Seaport headquarters earlier this week. I'd like to think of Onshape as the proverbial iceberg. What you see above water the 5%, looks a lot like a next-gen CAD and PLM system. But what's below the water the 95%, is PTC's new pure SaaS platform. We have big plans for Onshape and for SaaS, and I'm convinced this will become another major growth engine for PTC. Well it's too early to say much yet, I look forward to updating you on our SaaS progress in coming quarters. Our core product group delivered strong Q1 performance as well. Core business ARR growth of 10% outpaced market growth again in the quarter. It was led by very strong performance in PLM which delivered mid-teens ARR growth, that reflected broad based strength across all major geographies. In my view, the strong performance in PLM is indicative of the growing strategic role that PLM technology now plays in our customers' digital transformation strategies. Any industrial company who wants to undertake a digital transformation, quickly realizes that PLM will need to be one of their anchor tenant systems of record. Take Groupe Beneteau, our French manufacturer who is a leader in luxury sale in power boats. By leveraging PTC's Windchill, along with Creo and ThingWorx and Vuforia, Beneteau is delivering product and service differentiation together with engineering excellence and operational efficiency. Their PLM technology roadmap began with foundational capabilities such as bill of material management and change management. Then, extended into the factory with concurrent engineering and manufacturing instructions and from there into leveraging AR functionality for shop floor operators and dealership scenarios. This powerful combination of highly differentiated technologies is truly unique to PTC. We're using it to win new business and to expand relationships with existing customers as they seek to modernize the business processes. Altogether, we're seeing more and more evidence of a rejuvenation of PLM that makes the long-term growth opportunity that much more attractive for PTC. Our CAD team had a solid start to the year too, again delivering high single-digit ARR growth with notable strength in Asia-Pacific and in our global reseller channel. On the Creo Simulation Live front which is the starting point for our ANSYS partnership, interest remains high. Adoption, particularly in the enterprise space continues to ramp nicely with average deal sizes continuing to grow. Our focus on Creo Simulation Live or CSL as we call it, in FY '20 is on driving adoption in the channel which generates about half of our CAD business. We're kicking off new channel enablement and promotional programs in Q2 and remain bullish on the long-term opportunity for a significant CSL penetration in our installed base. While CSL is the tip of the spear in our partnership with ANSYS, we're also making good progress, bringing the broader discovery aim suite into the Creo fold as well. To wrap up my comments, I'd like to reiterate PTC's full commitment to driving mid-teens ARR growth and generating significant free cash flow in the coming years. Our strong performance in CAD and PLM, plus our leadership positions in the high growth IoT and AR markets, and more new opportunities for growth in the SaaS-based product development market with Onshape, gives us strong confidence that our growth will remain both significant and sustainable over the long-term. With our subscription transition and the rear -- rearview mirror and our ongoing focus on disciplined cost and portfolio management, we're firmly on track with our plans to transform PTC into one of the premier public software companies in the world. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kristian to comment on financials and guidance.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon everyone. Before I review our results, I'd like to note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance and all growth rate references will be in constant currency. Let me start off with a review of our first quarter results. Again this quarter I'm going to keep my remarks brief hitting just some key highlights and ask investors to refer to our press release and prepared remarks document available on our IR website for additional details. Q1 ARR was $1.16 billion, representing 11% year-over-year growth, which is consistent with the guidance commentary we provided last quarter. ARR in our growth product group was up 36% year-over-year and we continue to expect ARR growth to be above market growth rates of 30% to 40% in fiscal '20. ARR in the core, was up 10% year-over-year which was also above market growth and consistent with our outlook for fiscal '20. ARR in FSG was up 1% year-over-year, primarily due to the timing of deals and we expect ARR growth to be in the low to mid-single-digits for FSG for fiscal '20. Total Q1 revenue of $356 million was up 8% year-over-year, despite a 78% year-over-year decrease in perpetual license revenue driven by the end of perpetual license sales on January 1, 2019. Operating margin of 26% increased 200 basis points over Q4 '19 and declined 100 basis points compared to Q1 '19, where we experienced higher than expected perpetual license revenue resulting from the perpetual end of life program. And lastly, non-GAAP EPS of $0.57 increased 5% year-over-year against the perpetual heavy comparison of last year. And as you'll recall, revenue and operating expenses and consequently EPS can be impacted positively or negatively by ASC 606. Major drivers impacting revenue include term length changes and support to subscription conversion. And on the OpEx side, commissions were obviously also impacted. Finally, our Q1 adjusted free cash flow of $12 million was within our expectations and sets us up to achieve our full year guidance. Now turning to the guidance. Beginning with ARR. For fiscal '20, we're increasing our guidance to a range of $1.27 billion to $1.29 billion or 14% to 16% year-over-year growth and 13% to 15% on a constant currency basis. ARR guidance includes approximately $15 million of positive FX and already embedded in our original guidance for the year is approximately $10 million of ARR or 1 point of growth from the Onshape acquisition. Consistent with our prior guidance commentary, we expect Q2 constant currency ARR growth to be in line with Q1 results with ARR growth rates accelerating in the back half of the year. This increase is driven by both normal seasonality of our business and our backlog of deals booked in prior periods. Now turning to adjusted free cash flow. For fiscal '20, we're expecting a range of $260 million to $280 million reflecting the positive FX impact of $5 million. Now turning to P&L guidance. We're now expecting fiscal '20 total revenue of $1.45 billion to $1.53 billion, an increase of $25 million at the midpoint of guidance reflecting our Q1 performance, our outlook for the remainder of the year and approximately $15 million of FX. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected to be $2.15 to $2.65, an increase of $0.12 at the midpoint of guidance, reflecting our Q1 performance and outlook, and $0.05 of FX. We continue to expect fiscal '20 operating expenses to grow approximately 9% year-over-year. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Matt Hedberg: Hey, guys. Great, thanks for taking my question. PLM ARR growth mid-teens constant currency was pretty good, I know you called out pretty good geographic success. I think in your press release you talked about China and Europe in particular and Jim you mentioned digital transformation being a real tailwind here. Could you talk about the sustainability of this PLM growth. I know we spent a lot of time on some of the growth or -- growth of your businesses, but sort of the durability of PLM as we look forward through this year?
Jim Heppelmann: Well, I think we're going to have a very strong year this year for sure. And I think if you remember back to September, Kristian said over the coming five years, we would expect our PLM ARR growth rate to slow down to the market growth rate, which I think you had at 8%?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. So we're sort of mid-teens and we think over the five years that will slow to 8%. Now that's based on a number of factors. One thing is our renewal rates in PLM are very high. This is very, very sticky software, and relative to the base of ARR, we're selling a lot of it. So we're really in a strong good situation where there is strong demand because of digital transformation. Our product is ranked number one by every analyst report I have ever seen. And so we're in a good strong position where we get a chance to meet that demand with our product and high renewal rates and that's bodes well for a long time to come.
Matt Hedberg: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Hey, Jim. Hi, Kristian and Tim. With regard to PLM following up on that subject. When we think back over the last 12 to 15 years or more, there seems to been a pendulum of adoption among customers. In other words, there have been times when PLM only companies seem to have had momentum. And then there were times when integrated engineering software companies that have CAD and PLM and perhaps other products that had momentum. The question therefore is, what are you seeing in terms of conjoined business or CLM business across your three letter acronyms? How much of the PLM business is just for PLM versus your being able to conjoin CAD or anything else to that either as a beneficiary or driver to the PLM business?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I think, there have been pendulums for sure. And one of the strong upswings was when PTC who at that point had a CAD footprint brought PLM into the picture and cross-sold a lot of PLM to the CAD audience. Now, I think what's happening this time is a couple of different drivers. One is, we're doing a lot more engineering in the manufacturing data transformation. We have the software module of our PLM system called MPM link as in manufacturing process management and it's used to convert an engineering design and an engineering bill of material into a manufacturing process design and instructions, and the manufacturing bill of material in a very systematic configuration managed sort of way, so that if somebody later decides to change the engineering design, we can pinpoint what they need to update in the manufacturing process very quickly. And if the engineering design is highly configurable. Well, it turns out so as the manufacturing instructions and the MBOMs. So today we're selling a lot into that, that's become a new driver, an incremental new driver. And then the other thing is customers are really realizing for example, this augmented reality technology which we have best-in-class, customers love it. It's selling like crazy. That stuff needs configuration management of its content. So a lot of customers and I'm thinking of a great big -- I won't name them, because it didn't -- I didn't ask if I could, but a great big truck company in Europe really is excited about our AR technology and what its produced is a PLM project. Because they say, all right, that's great. But we'll never really be able to do augmented reality without configuration management of the content. So let's go do this broader PLM project. So I think that's another driver. I put that one also in kind of the digital transformation category. So I think there is definitely an upswing, but it's really brought by people saying how could you have a digital transformation strategy without having the digital descriptions of your products and manufacturing processes under control. It's silly to even talk about that. So I think this is definitely produced the tailwind that's generating momentum for PLM.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ken Talanian: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Could you give us a sense for how your net retention rate trended in the quarter for core growth in FSG compared to last year?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Hi, Ken, it's Kristian. I think we're not going to get into the quarterly variability, again just given the reporting framework that we have. But I think, suffice it to say that given the guidance that we have for the year we're expecting -- continuing to expect a modest improvement in net retention here in fiscal '20.
Ken Talanian: Great. And I guess as a follow-up, it looks like the growth portfolio saw some good traction in both Europe and APAC. Could you give us a sense for how we should think about the sustainability of that growth portfolio in both those regions?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, I think, what normally happens here at PTC maybe elsewhere, but here at PTC when we launch a business, a new business, it gets traction first in the US and then over time it gains more and more traction in Europe and APAC. And so I think that's just a natural way that these businesses develop, and we see it happening here. So a lot of times they get stronger first in the US and then without the US necessarily weakening, Europe and Asia have come on stronger a little bit later. That's what I would attribute that to.
Ken Talanian: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Hi, Jim. Hi, Kristian. Thanks for taking my question here. Kristian maybe for you. Bit of a mechanical question. But can you just talk a little bit about ramp deals. We talked about them a little bit last quarter. You've talked a little bit about sort of the back half strength that we should see in ARR for a variety of reasons. It sounds like ramp deals are part of it. Can you just touch on what parts of the businesses are you seeing these types of deals, these ramp deals. And then just for the benefit of the broader group, can you just talk about how they impact ARR at sort of different points in that ramp. Does that make sense?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Sure, Saket, it's a good question. So, thanks. If we just delve into the mechanics of it, how ramp deals impact ARR, is we will add things to ARR on start date of the contract, right, not book date, start date and in the case of a ramp deal where you have in essence kind of multiple start dates that you have year one of whatever 100,000...
Saket Kalia: Can I give an example and then you talk about the mechanics?
Kristian Talvitie: Sure.
Saket Kalia: Let me just lay out an example. Let's say, a customer loves our smart factory solution and they have 20 factories, and so they say, I want to really understand what it's going to cost me across all 20 factories. So I'd like to negotiate the deal for 20 factories, but I can only get about five deployed in the first year. Let's say another five in the second year and 10 in the third year. So they're going to do a ramp that's a commitment to five in the first year, five plus five in the second year, and five plus five plus 10 in the third year. So that's the ramp of the commitment now moving -- in that?
Kristian Talvitie: So the way that that would flow into ARR is, we would take the first five factories worth in year one. And say year two when the next five come -- comes on we would take the incremental five factories. And then in the third year we would take the incremental 10. So that's the mechanics of it. ARR flows in on start date of the contractual commitment. In terms of where we're seeing -- where we're seeing ramp deals. I think...
Saket Kalia: Yes, that's right.
Kristian Talvitie: We see, I would say more of them in the growth product group, IoT AR, and then we still actually do see some in core as well but to a lesser extent, and to the least extent in any of the FSG products.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That's very helpful. I'll get back in queue. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Broome with Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
Matthew Broome: Thanks. Hi, Jim, Kristian and Tim. I'm just curious, how you're tracking for sales capacity so far versus your hiring plan to this year? And can you just sort of give us any kind of an update on what sort of percentage of your total capacity is now focused on IoT and Augmented Reality?
Jim Heppelmann: So if the question -- sorry, I'm just going to repeat it to make sure that I understood it. I think the question was how are we tracking in terms of sales capacity?
Matthew Broome: Yes.
Jim Heppelmann: Was step one and then step two, how is that capacity divided between growth in core and in FSG?
Matthew Broome: Yes, exactly. Thanks.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Great. So in terms of tracking the capacity, I think we are on track for hiring kind of right where we would like to be at this point given our plan. In terms of the spread, frankly I'm going to have to get back to you on specific details, but the majority is actually still on the core product set which is understandable and the increasing amount on IoT. And then still specialists focused on the various compounds in FSG.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean another way to look at it would be to look at sales productivity which would be lowest in the growth business, because growth, you're bringing on a lot of new capacity. And it's doing a lot of land and expand deals and so forth. It would be significantly higher in the core and maybe even higher yet in the Focus Solution Group.
Kristian Talvitie: It gets a little more complicated where you have -- we also have full product line reps, right reps who are focused on major accounts and they sell everything in the bag. So, like how you want to break that out, it will be a little bit complicated.
Jim Heppelmann: But a basic takeaway would be that capacity is over represented for the growth business right? Which is what we need to do to deliver the growth. And you go back to the hiring thing, I can certainly understand where that question comes from? You should know we after about a year ago when we did get behind capacity, we changed the way we looked at this. We used to think of capacity as being a fiscal year thing and now we think of it really is every quarter. So it's not like this year, we have this many heads. But it's more like a constant, every quarter we need to be bringing on more capacity, so that we don't end the year and then have a big step function of capacity we have to ramp going into the next year. So I think our processes are vastly improved in this area.
Matthew Broome: Okay, perfect. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew [ph] with Berenberg. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: So, thanks for taking my question. Maybe if I could ask about the ARR guidance increase. Can you maybe explain to us the components of that. I guess Onshape is a big one, but are there deal timing pushouts that happens from Q4 to Q1. FX, can you maybe quantify that a little further?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Sure. So this is Kristian. Let's start with Onshape. Onshape is already embedded in our initial guidance, which we provided last quarter.
Jim Heppelmann: After the acquisition was announced.
Kristian Talvitie: After the acquisition announced, but provided in the initial guidance, so it's about $10 million from Onshape. There is about a $15 million increase from favorable FX as well, and then, just we're now a quarter of the way through the year. And we delivered what we believe were very solid results for Q1 and feel that much more comfortable with the range that we have out there. So in essence, what we did was tighten up the bottom end of the range from 12% to 15% to 13% to 15% and then increase the range from 13% to 15% to 14% to 16% really based on the FX impact. So hopefully that helps.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Wong with Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
Ken Wong: Okay. Thanks for taking my question guys. Hi, how is it going? Good afternoon. You're very positive on just the trajectory of Onshape and obviously you guys have more things to come and announce. It sounds like so far we've had a lot of feedback in terms of how maybe your customers are receiving it. Can you give us a little bit of color in terms of how the Onshape side of the installed base is looking at the PTC portfolio?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, I think the first thing we focused on was to make sure that the Onshape customers felt that it was a good thing that PTC acquired Onshape, just even if they stop there. And I think we've been very successful there. The messaging, we put out there was very supportive of Onshape and its importance to our future strategy. And of course CAD is very sticky software that companies tend to use for a lot of years. So if you're using Onshape you want to make sure it's in a sustainable place, so that you don't end up finding it's being shut down some years down the road or something like that. You've got to go find a new CAD system. So I think the general message was well received that Onshape has a great home within PTC. That's been a big success. Now as it goes to cross-sell, I mean, honestly it's too early. I do have a few anecdotal stories, but not enough to really draw any meaningful conclusions. But I would say this, we certainly think there are complementary use cases. For example, we're going to bring our AR technology close to Onshape, actually use much of the Onshape platform and that will make that an easy cross-sell. And then we're off exploring coexistence strategies with Creo and Windchill as well so that we could both upsell from Onshape to Creo, Windchill and Vuforia, but also cross-sell in those accounts to bring Onshape in for peripheral or let's call it edge use cases. So it's too early, though, to be honest. I'm very optimistic, but we've only owned it for about two months and we're past the phase where people are looking for the bathroom, although we had to start over this week when they move to the headquarters. But I mean it's just -- it's honestly too early.
Ken Wong: Got it. Great, thanks for the color Jim.
Operator: Next, we will hear from Adam Borg with Stifel. Your line is open.
Adam Borg: Hi guys. And -- hi guys, thanks for the question. Maybe just talking a little bit more in AR. So you've talked about Augmented Reality growing above market rates and some opportunities in PLM, but just wanted to dig in a little more on the cross-sell opportunity with IoT. Just given how complementary it is with ThingWorx and maybe talk more about that cross-sell opportunity within installed base? Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, I think, you have to think about it as we're trying to connect the physical and digital worlds together like in our logo, right. And IoT is one form of connection and AR is another. And when you connect them together, you can then have AR experiences that contain IoT data, meaning I can use AR in the physical world to tell you about the physical world because I know about the physical world, thanks to IoT. So these are definitely piece in the pod. It is a wonderful beautiful combination. The products are very well integrated. In fact, if you remember, for a while, we call the Vuforia Studio, ThingWorx Studio, but these are very complementary technology and what's really great, they are both best-in-class and there is no other IoT company who has AR technology and there is no other AR company who has IoT technology. So this is a very compelling story and it's completely unique to PTC.
Adam Borg: Great. And maybe just as a quick follow-up. I think this year, you guys are focusing on increasing deal duration both for new deals and renewals. And just curious, I know it's still early in the year but what's customer receptivity towards that? Thanks again.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. I think it's early in the year to really comment on that.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks so much.
Kristian Talvitie: Is it that later.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Sterling Auty: Yes. Thanks. Hi guys. Jim, you mentioned that nothing has really changed in the economic backdrop that you're still dealing with the challenging PMI numbers. So with that as the constant, what would you say is the biggest change in the business and based on your tone are you suggesting that the core of the business -- sorry, I don't mean core isn't that label, but the bulk of the business has fundamentally changed for the better and if so, what are the main factors that have caused that?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Okay. So yes, let me say, first of all, the PMI is what it is, it's not in a good place and yet, we're in a good place. So clearly something has changed and I would submit that two things have changed. Number one, we've changed our business model and metrics and we're a recurring revenue company versus a perpetual, and I want to come back to that. And then number two, we have a growth business and as many growth businesses are, they're not cyclical, they are secular. Companies want to do digital transformation even when they're laying off workers. In fact, they might even connect those strategies together. So I think the secular piece is very important, but frankly it's overwhelmed by the business model change. And so if we go back to the great recession of 2009, let's review what happened at PTC. We had a perpetual stream of licenses and we had a recurring stream of maintenance. The bottom fell out on the economy. The perpetual license sales declined, if I remember correctly 32% in 2009. And what happened is the maintenance stream, which had been growing mid-single-digits, basically went flat. And in 2010 it actually went down 2% and after that it grew every year since. So what happened actually is the effect on a recurring revenue stream is very much muted. And you can see this in the sensitivity analysis we gave you some quarters ago, where we showed you that for every 5 points that bookings drop, it would only bring ARR down 1 point. So if bookings dropped 30%, it would put 6 points of pressure on ARR, but that would be 2009 all over again. So we're in a situation where actually bookings aren't dropping. They're going up, because of the secular thing. And therefore, ARR is going up with it. So I just think the days when PTC was highly correlated to PMI are simply behind us.
Sterling Auty: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Steve Koenig: Thanks guys. Congratulations on a very good quarter. So, let's see my question here is on the -- you had your revenue growth in your growth business this quarter masked your ARR growth or actually was a point above, and you mentioned that expansion deals were something like two-thirds of your IoT AR bookings. How did that latter metric compare with other quarters and how is that trending? And more generally, do you expect revenue growth is going to be more a parity with bookings growth here going forward. Then I have a really quick housekeeping follow-up, if you don't mind.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I can take part of that, because I've commented on this many quarters and it's always in many recent quarters it's been in the 60% some range of bookings was from expansions. So again, we've been following a land and expand model, which is a beautiful thing when you get it to work and I think ours is really starting to work, because you have a lot of accounts out there that you've sold, and they haven't contributed much to revenue, but then they come back and expand, and the expansions are really interesting. And they may come back several tranches of expansion. So that's been happening. We have many IoT and AR customers in particular who have come back one or more times for expansions. And I think I need to defer to Kristian, if you can talk at all -- explain the correlation between bookings and revenue growth rates. I think it's complicated.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, it's pretty complicated. And depends again, I'll just remind everybody, it depends a lot on start dates. It depends on term length. It depends on renewal activity, etc. So it's not just term length of new deals but term length of this new deal.
Jim Heppelmann: Could I just interrupt; the real question is it revenue but revenue recognition. So you get a booking, maybe you can recognize it maybe you can't, maybe it starts next month, which means next quarter. Maybe it's a ramp deal. So, yes, it is a murky correlation between bookings growth and revenue growth.
Kristian Talvitie: Which is why we're trying to focus on ARR, which is kind of a much cleaner and a better proxy in that sense, cash generation for the business. And we still continue to expect the growth businesses to deliver north of market growth rates for fiscal '20. We would also expect there to be strong revenue growth attendance of that as well.
Steve Koenig: Okay, that's helpful. I guess, maybe to recast that question a little bit. How are you seeing churn or the inverse kind of renewal and expansion activity trending in that growth business. And then I'll just toss out the housekeeping question here, which is your -- am I correct that your new ARR guide is now -- you're now giving that nominally and that's 14% to 16%, but the comparison was 12% to 15% as your prior guide, the constant currency compares 13% to 15%. Is that right?
Kristian Talvitie: That's correct. Yes, we tightened up the low end of the range and then raised the entire range because of FX. 100% agreed. Then in terms of churn, we continue to see churn in the growth businesses higher than in the core and FSG from a percentage perspective, and we also continue to expect that that will trend down over time. So...
Jim Heppelmann: It has been improving consistently for a long period of time and we expect that to continue.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. So I don't think there's anything notable really to point out there other than those factors remain.
Steve Koenig: Got you. Great. Well thank you very much, guys and congrats again.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay, great.
Operator: Next we will hear from Yun Kim with Rosenblatt Securities. Your line is open.
Yun Kim: Thank you. Hi guys. Congrats on a solid quarter. I just want to talk about some of the ASP trends that you may be seeing out there. Obviously, you guys talked about ASP trend, I'm assuming its increasing in the growth products group. How is that ASP trending versus your core products group. And obviously, Jim, you talked about land and expand model working very well. Has that minimized the overall percent of business coming from large deals, despite I am assuming increase in ASP coming from your growth business?
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. By ASP, you really mean deal size.
Yun Kim: Yes.
Jim Heppelmann: Transaction size, exactly. Yes, I mean average deal size in the growth business, I'd have to check because while we're getting more big deals, we're also getting more small deals. So I'm not convinced -- I don't have the data in front of me, but my intuition would be ASP is actually not changing much. But of course, the business is growing fast. And then in any case it would generally be smaller than the core business because of this land and expand motion that we adopted in the growth business and didn't really adapt so much ever in the core business. So the core business tends to be bigger transactions, although there is a lot of add-ons of modules here and there, but PLM for example would tend to have larger ASPs because there is not really a land and expand model.
Yun Kim: Got it. Okay, that makes sense.
Jim Heppelmann: Sorry, that's not a perfect answer, but I hopefully it answers.
Kristian Talvitie: I think they were smaller than they were when they were perpetual.
Yun Kim: Oh yes, sure. Okay, great. And Jim also real quick question around more of a thematic stuff. So, not sure if you're running into this, but we are hearing a lot about 5G technology potentially accelerating the market adoption of IoT out there, especially in the factory automation market. Do you see that or do you expect the 5G technology to be meaningful for you in your IoT business or is it too early to tell?
Jim Heppelmann: Well, I definitely think it's important to our IoT customers. It's too early to know if it would cause our business to grow faster or not, but certainly in factories, people want to adapt 5G to have high-speed, low latency wireless communications for their machines and their Augmented Reality devices and so forth. So it's definitely important and I can tell you, we are engaged in discussions with several different 5G partners. I think one of them might end up being a big sponsor of LiveWorx. And I see it at this point as an ecosystem play, which is I want to make sure that 5G companies help promote our IoT technology and that our IoT technology can create opportunities for 5G companies and so forth. I think it's too early to say it's accelerator, but it's definitely important.
Yun Kim: Okay, great. I think that's it. So congrats on a great quarter.
Jim Heppelmann: Right, great. Thanks, Yun.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jason Celino: Thanks for taking my question. It looks like expense growth in the quarter was around 5%. But I think you guys are guiding more to 9% growth for the full year. Can you just talk about what are maybe some of the other big investments that you'll be making on integration costs as we kind of go through the year?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. So I think expense growth has a little bit to do with timing of Onshape right, as we only had a couple of months in the quarter. So we didn't have a full quarter's worth of Onshape. And then there is the kind of normal hiring plans. And we do have some back end loading to that hiring.
Jason Celino: Great, thanks.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Alex Tout with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Alex Tout: Yes, hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. I'd just be interested in your comments on the automotive end market specifically. It seems like it's probably one of the most, if not the most challenged manufacturing end market at the moment. I know your exposure isn't huge, but we are interested to see what you're seeing in terms of -- because I guess on the one hand you have secular and cyclical challenges in that industry versus also a need to innovate at the same time. So, what's kind of the net of those dynamics that you're seeing in your customers in the automotive space right now. Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. We're seeing actually relatively strong demand for IoT factory projects. Because I think in the downturn, people are looking for efficiency and taking a dumb factory and making it smart ought to make it most people would believe 5%, 10%, 15% more efficient and across the level of spend that people have in their production processes, those are very big numbers. So IoT demand is good. And then I'd also say PLM demand is good. I mentioned a truck company. There is another big European automotive OEM where we're working on some big PLM projects and probably looking at an expansion on that to the next phase pretty soon and so forth. So I think the PLM is really coming from digital transformation and IoT is coming from, let's try they find more productivity in our factories. I would say CAD, not so much probably. Probably we're not getting a lot of demand on the CAD front right now but good demand for PLM and IoT.
Alex Tout: Great. Thanks for the color.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tyler Radke with Citi. Your line is open.
Tyler Radke: Thank you very much for taking my question. It looks like on the guidance you -- the guidance raised on most metrics was driven by a combination of currency as well as solid execution in the quarter. The one line item that didn't see a raise appeared to be free cash flow. Maybe just help us understand why, given the solid fundamental performance in the quarter and your improved outlook on the year, why you're not expecting more free cash flow, then you previously guided. Thank you.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, sure. So I think we should look at both adjusted free cash flow and free cash flow. And I'll start with just free cash flow first. So we did take the adjusted free cash flow for currency, free cash flow we did not. And just highlighting we put it in the prepared remarks, but when we put out the initial restructuring estimate for the year that was based on an estimate -- current estimates actually have that about $5 million higher. So that actually offsets favorable currency impact on free cash flow. For adjusted free cash flow, we did raise that by $5 million, which again is largely the FX impact. And what I would say here is, it's just early in the year and we're just being prudent. Of course, we will revisit this as we continue to move through the year, but that's the answer.
Tyler Radke: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time that we have for questions. Please remain on the line for Tim Fox's closing remarks.
Tim Fox: Hi. Thanks, Sheila. And thanks everybody for joining us today on the call. PTC is going to be participating in three conferences in March, starting with Morgan Stanley's Global TMT Conference in San Francisco, followed by Berenberg's Design Conference and RBC's one-on-one conference both in New York. And additionally, we're going to be sending a save-the-date for our 2020 LiveWorx Event, which will be here in Boston, of course from June 8 to June 11, so watch that in your inbox. And so we look forward to seeing on the conference circuit in the coming months and if not, we'll be sure to update you on our Q2 call in April. Again, thank you for your interest in PTC and have a great evening, everyone.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Thanks, everybody.
Kristian Talvitie: Thank you.
Jim Heppelmann: Bye-bye.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-10-23 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the PTC 2019 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn to call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin. 
Timothy Fox: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining PTC's conference call to discuss our fiscal Q4 '19 results. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer; and a special guest with us today, Jon Hirschtick, CEO of Onshape.
 Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding future financial guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. 
 Additional information concerning these factors is contained in PTC's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements included on this call represent the company's view on October 23, 2019, and PTC disclaims any obligation to update these statements to reflect future events or circumstances.
 As a reminder, we'll be referring to operating and non-GAAP financial metrics during today's call. Discussion of our operating metrics and the items excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures under both 606 and 605 are included in this afternoon's earnings release materials and related Form 10-K. 
 I'd also like to remind everyone that starting with the first fiscal quarter of 2019, we adopted ASC 606 on a modified retrospective basis. In our earnings documents, we provided results under both ASC 605 and 606.
 Please note that the SEC requires the presentation of 605 results for the comparability with the prior year results. As such, our discussion on this call will focus on 605 results unless otherwise stated. Also please note that certain operating metrics such as bookings and ACV are under the same, both for 606 and 605.
 And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's CEO, Jim Heppelmann. 
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As Tim mentioned, we're very excited to have Jon Hirschtick joining us this afternoon to help me usher in what we believe is the new era of software-as-a-service or SaaS in the product development industry. PTC and Onshape share a common vision around helping organizations transform the way they develop products. Onshape's pure multi-tenant SaaS platform is a perfect complement to our market-leading on-premise product development solutions. And coupled with our industrial IoT and AR solutions, we can address an even broader part of the waterfront of digital transformation that's sweeping across the industrial market.
 Before Jon and I provide you with some additional color on our combined vision for PTC and Onshape, I want to provide highlights of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019 performance and discuss progress against key strategic initiatives.
 Given all the news and updates we're planning to share today, we know there is a lot to absorb and I'm guessing that we'll run out of time before we run out of questions. So to help further unpack all the moving parts, we're hosting an investor webcast on November 18, where we will reveal our long-term financial targets, show you how we plan to get there and provide more insight as to how Onshape plays in the picture. Stay tuned for more details on that event coming from PTC's IR team.
 On our Q3 earnings call, I characterized fiscal 2019 as a transitional year, where we achieved some important milestones like going global with subscription licensing while navigating through some short-term challenges in the business including a lackluster macro situation in the industrial world. 
 With that as context, I'm very pleased with our Q4 results and confident that we've established a strong foundation for accelerated growth going forward. Our Q4 financial performance was solid with revenue, operating margin and EPS all within our guidance range. Q4 bookings of $150 million was above the high end of the guidance range, thanks to our core business delivering above-planned results and very strong performance in our growth businesses. Despite a challenging macro situation and a global PMI that's been below 50 for nearly 6 months now, both Q4 and fiscal '19 bookings represented record sales for PTC. 
 ARR, which is a key top line metric we'll be focusing on going forward, grew 12% year-over-year in constant currency, right in line with the target we outlined in early September. With PTC now firmly established as a double-digit grower, you'll see in our guidance later that we're lifting our sights a bit and aiming toward a mid-teens ARR growth rate in fiscal '20. 
 Drilling first into highlights within our core business, PLM had a strong bookings quarter and came in ahead of plan while CAD bookings showed a strong sequential increase, thanks in part to a rebound both in the channel and in the geography where bookings had dropped significantly following the Last Time Buy and termination of perpetual licenses. We are not yet back to where we were in those geos, but the trend is good and we recaptured some ground. 
 In our growth businesses, IoT had a very strong quarter, which included a megadeal with Rockwell Automation. Excluding the megadeal, IoT still delivered one of the strongest expansion quarters to date with over 70% of the bookings driven by a record number of 6-figure deals, which highlights the momentum we're seeing in the business. 
 Our Augmented Reality business delivered another strong quarter with 6-figure AR deals accelerating once again driven in part by continued traction with the newest solution, Vuforia Expert Capture. Fiscal '19 was a pivotal year for AR with industrial enterprise adoption clearly gaining traction across a wide range of vertical markets, including medical devices, pharma, aerospace and defense, high-tech and automotive. 2 analyst reports covering the AR market were published in the quarter and we were pleased to see Vuforia declared the clear leader in each. 
 With AR delivering strong growth in Q4 and a strong pipeline headed into fiscal '20, we're confident that AR is emerging as another exciting and dependable long-term growth engine for PTC.
 Turning now to our 3 strategic alliances. We're pleased to see continued traction in Q4 with the pace of business accelerating in each. Beginning with Rockwell Automation. Following strong Q3 performance, the Rockwell team capped off the first year of our alliance by delivering a 75% sequential increase in new deals. For the full year, our alliance delivered nearly 100 transactions in 21 different countries across the broad cross-section of vertical markets, highlighting the deep industrial domain expertise and brand recognition that Rockwell Automation brings to the relationship. 
 The synergy is great because 70% of the accounts that Rockwell has sold to represent new logos for PTC. With the large and growing pipeline of opportunities, expansion deals accelerating and over 2,000 employees trained globally, we're more confident than ever about the success of this key strategic alliance. 
 In our Microsoft alliance, Q4 performance was once again strong with 72 deals closed in the quarter, double the number of deals closed in Q3. And bookings ended the year well above plan. 
 Geographically, the Americas continues to be a main driver of growth. However, the European team had their strongest performance to date and inked their first 7-figure transaction. Overall, we're very pleased with the momentum of this alliance and we're excited to be so closely aligned with Azure IoT and mixed reality and with Microsoft generally in the manufacturing space.
 Lastly, on the alliance front, we continue to see emerging signs of traction for Creo Simulation Live, our CAD solution that uses real-time simulation technology from our strategic alliance with ANSYS. We closed 126 transactions in the quarter, a 66% sequential increase from Q3 and we landed a number of follow-on expansion deals. With Live Simulation now available in Creo 4.0, 5.0 and 6.0, we expect adoption to further accelerate in fiscal '20.
 To summarize on the growth front, Q4 was a strong quarter that wrapped up a solid year. Despite the challenging macro situation, our CAD and PLM businesses saw combined constant currency ARR growth of 11%. Our focused solution group, what I refer to at times as our productivity zone, closed the year stronger-than-expected delivering 10% constant currency ARR growth for the year. And our IoT and AR growth engines delivered 28% constant currency ARR growth. With the combination of IoT and AR exiting fiscal '19 at greater than 12% of total ARR and about 1/3 of total bookings, these businesses represent a growing slice of the PTC pie as we enter fiscal '20 which bodes well for our growth rates going forward.
 Now if you step back and look at the PTC portfolio in fiscal '19, you see that on top of a strong and stable core business, we have 2 great growth engines in ThingWorx IoT and Vuforia AR. As we head into fiscal '20 with the Onshape acquisition, we are now bringing on a third growth engine. 
 As part of our diligence process, we commissioned a market study from McKinsey that suggested the SaaS-based CAD market would grow more than 35% year-over-year and represent nearly 20% of the total CAD market in 5 years. While Onshape is new, it sure feels familiar to us because Onshape lives in the same CAD and PLM market space as our core business. It's simply a mixed generation SaaS version of a technology concept that PTC itself pioneered 30 years ago. Onshape is not a distraction for us, but rather a doubling down on CAD and PLM to ensure that these core businesses will continue to grow and thrive over the longer term as the industry moves to SaaS. 
 As you know, we at PTC have been talking about the renaissance of CAD for some time. We realized that along with generative design, real-time simulation, augmented reality, IoT and additive manufacturing, SaaS will surely play a role in this industry renaissance. Once you realize how important SaaS will be and why, then you can't avoid the realization of how important Onshape, the only pure SaaS player, will be to this industry. Onshape is the first and only from scratch native SaaS product development platform that unites CAD, data management and collaboration tools in a next-generation package. 
 Onshape is a very unique asset. Because of the incredibly high cost of entry into the well-established CAD market, you simply won't find another CAD SaaS start-up out there. The only people who could even attempt to start up this bold are those with a track record so strong that they could raise 9-digit amounts of venture funding and pull in some of the industry's best talent, which brings me to Jon Hirschtick, John McEleney and Dave Corcoran who founded Onshape and run the company today. 
 I think it's fair to say that Jon, John and Dave are some of the most accomplished entrepreneurs in the history of the CAD industry. They created SolidWorks to capitalize on the Microsoft Windows wave in the mid-1990s and then turned it into a grand slam after it was acquired by Dassault, helping Dassault position SolidWorks as the primary growth engine over the past 2 decades. Ultimately, these guys came to the understanding that SaaS would be as disruptive to the CAD establishment as Windows was and that the CAD and PLM industry would surely move to SaaS just as nearly all other software industries already have.
 I agree with their premise that SaaS is inevitable in our world and there are many strong reasons why. Onshape is a bona fide growth engine that will allow PTC to take share in the growthiest parts of the CAD market. I'm eager to share the benefits that SaaS brings to the world of CAD and PLM, but since we have Jon Hirschtick here with us, I'd like to give him a chance to tell you first-hand what he and his team have been working on. Jon, can you share a little bit about your team and the work that brought you here to PTC? 
Jon Hirschtick: Happy to. Thank you, Jim. Let me first say how excited I am today. I spent my entire career since the 1980s in our industry, working on CAD and other software for product development. I've been lucky enough to be part of some of the biggest moments in the past in our industry and I feel like today is perhaps the biggest moment I've experienced in our industry. 
 When Jim and I met earlier this year, it was so exciting to me that he had this strong, clear vision that we share for the power that a pure SaaS platform could bring to the product development world. It was so refreshing for me to see also Jim's understanding of and commitment to pure SaaS, pure cloud since so many others in our market are pursuing partial cloud approaches. And frankly, partial cloud has been shown to fail time and time again in other markets. 
 Beyond just Jim's vision, he also obviously has resolved to take bold action to pursue his pure SaaS vision. And thank you, Jim, for the kind words about me and my fellow Onshapers. I'm very fortunate to be working with a lot of the great team that was with me when I founded and was CEO of SolidWorks. My Onshape Co-Founder, John McEleney, has also worked in our industry since the '80s, most notably as my business partner and another former CEO of SolidWorks. Another Onshape Co-Founder, Dave Corcoran, is a former VP of R&D at SolidWorks and is one of the key minds that shaped several of the greatest products in our industry, including SolidWorks and, of course, Onshape. 
 I wish I have the time here to tell you more about each of the rest of the 100 or so people on the Onshape team, a fantastic group. We founded Onshape because we saw the problems product development teams have with installed software applications and sharing data by copying files, often thousands of files among different people and tools. Whether product developers realize it or not, they're all losing time, efficiency and innovation to these problems. 
 At the same time, we saw how companies using pure cloud, pure SaaS technology like Salesforce, Workday, NetSuite, Zendesk, basically everyone were reinventing other software markets. We saw that we could solve many of the problems in product development but we would need, as Jim said, to build a clean sheet, new generation system to do it. And that's what we've built with Onshape. Today we have thousands of customers using Onshape with story after story of them developing products faster than they ever could, being more innovative. The great products that they're developing with Onshape is our ultimate reward. 
 So it's probably easy for you to see why I'm excited to be partnering with PTC. PTC is going to help us dramatically grow the number of customers we can reach with Onshape. PTC is also going to draw on their strong technical breadth and depth to further broaden the scope of what we offer on the Onshape platform. Thank you. 
James Heppelmann: Great. Thanks, Jon. I can't tell you how excited I am to have you and your team on my side this time around as we head into another wave of industry change and transition. Let me share a few important thoughts about how Onshape fits with PTC's core CAD and PLM strategy. 
 Our near-term goal is to increase our participation in the growthiest part of the CAD and PLM market, which really represents an adjacency to where Creo and Windchill play today. Jay Vleeschhouwer pointed out in a recent report that last year there were 174,000 new seats of CAD sold in the market globally with the sole SolidWorks business taking about 80,000 and Autodesk Inventor business capturing about 40,000. Creo, CATIA and NX took the bulk of the rest. 
 In the near term and midterm, it is that 70% of the market served by SolidWorks and Inventor that's most interesting to pursue with Onshape. Onshape gives us an opportunity to both participate in and then disrupt this part of the market and we can enter and play with a very strong hand. 
 Thanks to the massive advantage and innovation velocity that Jon spoke of, plus some great new technology like Generative Design that PTC can share within the portfolio, we expect Onshape will quickly mature into a full-featured SaaS CAD solution. There will be no glass ceiling on Onshape capabilities like SolidWorks endured over the years because PTC's positioning will be that we have the best of 2 different worlds. Creo and Windchill are best-in-class in the on-premise world and Onshape CAD and PLM are best-in-class in the pure SaaS world. 
 It's happened time after time that disruptive new technologies gain traction first in the SMB space, where customers generally have more flexibility to switch and then proceed up market over time. We expect that any SMB buyer who looks at Onshape will stop dead on their tracks due to its amazing capabilities plus all the fundamental SaaS advantages it offers. I'm referring to cost of ownership, support for any type of client device including phones and tablets, ease of getting started, collaboration that works like Google Docs and plus no need for upgrades and patches, no file servers and so forth. 
 Of course, in addition to SMB customers, Jon is going to take orders from companies of any size because, in the long run, the SaaS benefits are even more pronounced at the high end. Like Salesforce.com, we expect to get there over time and believe the high-end competition will be very vulnerable to what Jon and his team have built. That's why we all have the axiom that depth comes from below in the software industry.
 I want to stress that PTC remains 100% committed to long-term aggressive development of Creo and Windchill. We want to be best-in-class with either deployment model. So we will continue our pursuits of real-time simulation, generative design, additive manufacturing, IoT and AR infusion and all the other great things that we've been working on with Creo and Windchill. But in parallel, I expect you'll see many of the same capabilities appear on Onshape and surprisingly quickly given the fundamental innovation velocity of the SaaS model. When the day comes that any Dassault, Siemens, Autodesk or PTC customer wants to move to SaaS, we will be there ready to guide them. 
 But our real focus in the near term and midterm is on playing our strong new hand in the growthiest part of the market where we simply don't show up today. If you back up to 50,000 feet, you can see that Onshape represents a huge and invaluable injection of SaaS technology, business processes, know-how and culture into PTC. Onshape will dramatically expedite PTC's own transformation to SaaS. The industry is most certainly headed there and PTC is now positioned to pave the path with Jon and his team upfront leading the way. I think this acquisition, PTC's biggest ever, will transform the industry, while both solidifying and accelerating PTC's long-term growth opportunity in CAD and PLM. We're extremely excited to welcome the Onshape team to PTC.
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Kristian to comment on financials and guidance. 
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Jim. Thanks, Jon. And good afternoon, everyone. Before I review our results, I'd like to note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance, and all growth rate references will be in constant currency. And as Tim mentioned earlier, we adopted the new revenue recognition standard ASC 606 under the modified retrospective method on October 1, 2018. For year-over-year comparability purposes, I will be discussing our results under ASC 605 unless otherwise stated. 
 Please note that this will be the last quarter we report results under both accounting standards and the guidance provided today will be under the ASC 606 standard. Lastly, our guidance assumes that the Onshape acquisition closes in November following normal regulatory approvals and certain closing conditions.
 Let me start off with a review of our fourth quarter results. I'm going to keep my remarks brief, hitting just some key highlights and ask investors to refer to our press release and prepared remarks, documents available on our IR website for additional details.
 Q4 bookings of $150 million were above the high end of guidance and included a megadeal with Rockwell Automation. Excluding the megadeal, bookings would have been well within our guidance range. 
 Q4 ARR for the new definition was $1.116 billion. And at our guidance, FX rate was $1.134 billion representing 12% year-over-year growth which was in line with the guidance we outlined in our September preview. Our fiscal '19 new ACV and churn results were also consistent with the guidance provided in the preview. 
 As Jim mentioned earlier, ARR in our growth businesses was up 28% year-over-year at constant currency which was slightly below the outlook we provided in September. It's important to note that bookings in our growth businesses were up over 50% year-over-year in Q4. But because we closed a higher number of ramp deals than anticipated and had a number of other deals with fiscal '20 start dates, our Q4 ARR growth was slightly below our target. However, we now have even more IoT and AR backlog to support what we are expecting to be ARR growth well above market growth rates in fiscal '20.
 Total Q4 revenue of $335 million was up 9% year-over-year despite a 1,300 basis point increase in subscription mix; operating margin of 22% was at the high end of guidance and was an increase of 100 basis points year-over-year; and lastly, EPS of $0.45 was within our guidance range. 
 Moving on to the balance sheet. In Q4, we used $25 million to repurchase 378,000 shares and we repaid $30 million on our revolving credit facility. 
 Finally, on our Q4 results, FY '19 adjusted free cash flow of $245 million was $15 million below guidance due to several onetime items including: FX impact of approximately $6 million; collections received on October 1 versus September 30 of about $5 million; and taxes associated with increased invoicing of about $6 million.
 Now turning to guidance. And as a reminder, we provided changes to our new reporting and guidance approach in the FY '20 reporting metrics preview we filed in a September 5 8-K, which you can also find on our IR website. The primary motivation for the changes was our subscription business model transition. 
 We completed the transition of our selling motion early in fiscal '19 and we still have work to do and opportunity for improvement as we continue to transition our customer engagement model to the subscription mold. A secondary motivation was the adoption of ASC 606, which, for on-premise subscription companies, reduces the utility of traditional financial measures for understanding business performance. As such, we encourage investors to assess PTC's business performance using ARR and free cash flow as the primary topline and bottom-line measures. We will be providing annual guidance for these measures. 
 From an income statement perspective, we're also providing annual guidance. But due to a number of factors that can drive significant revenue and, therefore, EPS variability, you should expect wider-than-normal guidance ranges. These factors include subscription term length, timing of new and renewal bookings, the quarterly spread of new and renewal bookings, conversion of ratable support streams to subscription contracts subject to ASC 606 revenue recognition and any potential changes in revenue recognition under 606 for more upfront to ratable recognition resulting from continued investments in cloud-related functionality in our products. 
 Again just to highlight the point that we believe ARR is a more meaningful measure than revenue on how the economics of the business work, at the mid-point of our guidance range, we're expecting an approximately $150 million increase in ARR which will result in a revenue increase of approximately $250 million in recurring software revenue. To the extent that we recognize more upfront revenue in fiscal '20, we would expect revenue to decrease in fiscal '21.
 Now for the specifics. Beginning with ARR per our new definition, for FY '20, we're expecting a range of $1.25 billion to $1.28 billion or 12% to 15% growth. ARR guidance includes approximately $10 million of ARR or 1 point of growth from the Onshape acquisition. And seasonally, we expect ARR growth to be below the low end of the guidance range in the first part of the year and increase throughout the year. This increase is driven primarily by our backlog of committed ramp deals booked in prior periods.
 Turning now to adjusted free cash flow. For fiscal '20, we're expecting a range of $255 million to $275 million, which includes approximately $65 million of short-term, cash-related items impacting fiscal '20 results. These factors include an increase of approximately $25 million in cash taxes related to the significant projected increase in fiscal '20 operating income under ASC 606; an increase of approximately $25 million in interest related to the debt associated with the Onshape acquisition; and currency headwinds of approximately $15 million.
 While these incremental cash items are near-term headwinds to our normalized free cash flow targets, they are transitory and we do not expect them to impact our long-term targets. We will provide more detail on our long-range plan in just a few weeks at our November financial update webcast. 
 Now turning to the P&L guidance for fiscal '20. We're expecting total revenue of $1.41 billion to $1.51 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $1.95 to $2.60. Operating expenses are expected to grow approximately 9% year-over-year, and while this is slightly above our normal rule of thumb where we target OpEx growth at about half the rate of ARR growth. The slightly elevated expense run rate is due to the Onshape acquisition and we expect the run rate to decline in the latter half of fiscal '20 following realization of cost synergies and operational efficiencies that will be implemented in our second fiscal quarter.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets. 
Matthew Hedberg: Congrats on Onshape. I had 2 somewhat related questions on the deal. First of all, do you have a sense for how many of your customers have expressed interest in a SaaS-based offering? I'm trying to get a sense for that customer migration over time from sort of Creo and Windchill to Onshape. And secondarily, I think you noted you're going to continue to invest in CAD and PLM on your sort of legacy products or your core products. How should we think about that gap in functionality closing over time if, in fact, the SaaS-based CAD market is growing as rapidly as you suggest? 
James Heppelmann: Yes. Matt, so Jim here. We did, as I mentioned, commission McKinsey to do a study during our diligence phase here, and to replace, let's say, anecdotal data with quantitative data. And McKinsey did a study of around 230 customers. They reported very strong interest in the concept of SaaS. Some concerns that SaaS products weren't mature enough yet, always some concerns about switching cost and the larger the enterprise, the stronger that concern but huge amount of interest. 
 And now I would say one of the things PTC came to realize is that this Onshape product is actually much better than we thought it was, much more advanced than we thought it was. So we sort of think that the world hasn't processed how fast this product changes. While we, PTC, were talking to the Onshape guys, they did their 101st, 102nd and 103rd upgrade of the entire customer base. So there's an innovation velocity here that's amazing. And I think it's probably fair to say that Onshape is a mid-range product today but on a very fast improvement vector. 
 And we at PTC would be incented to offer up any of the great technology we might have to put into that improvement vector. So this is a product that's better than most people think it is and improving extremely fast and there's a very large amount of interest. So again, the resulting -- the kind of punchline result of the study, if you will, from McKinsey was that they think that we'd see a 35% CAGR over what's there today and that would lead to slightly under 20% market penetration by true SaaS in the next 5 years. 
Operator: Next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: A question for you, Jim, tying back to your keynote address at LiveWorx back in June. And the Onshape acquisition is fascinating for any number of reasons. And I'd like to put it in the context of what you spoke about 4 months ago, namely your Closed-Loop Lifecycle Management strategy, which you've talked about for a number of years, you've made some progress there. But how do you see Onshape fitting into that larger vision that you expressed at that time, not just with CAD but perhaps with the broader portfolio in terms of technology and customers and processes? 
James Heppelmann: Yes. I think, Jay, in simple terms, we will attempt to create 2 versions of that strategy, one that runs on-premise and one that runs in a cloud. Of course, we already have the one on-premise. So as Onshape matures, we will try to create all the goodness that PTC has on-premise in that SaaS world as well. And at some point when customers say, "Hey, I want to learn a little bit more about SaaS." We want to be head and shoulders ahead of everybody in terms of providing a very mature, proven, full function capability not just for CAD and PDM and collaboration but the closed-loop idea, augmented reality idea, the IoT idea that you saw us -- saw me show in that keynote, by the way. So it's very exciting, in fact, at keynote, you might have noticed, it won me visionary of the year designation from one of the analysts in this market. And we just want that visionary capability to embrace the SaaS model, that's really where we're going with this. 
Operator: Next question comes from Ken Wong from Guggenheim Securities. 
Hoi-Fung Wong: I just had a kind of a clarification question. I just want to understand the dynamics of that Rockwell megadeal. I think you had mentioned it was kind of credited against the minimum sort of fiscal year '20. Just wondering kind of how we should interpret that. Does that mean the relationship kind of is tracking below the minimum? Is there an ability to get that back on track? Or am I interpreting that wrong? 
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, Ken, it's Kristian. Yes, I actually... 
James Heppelmann: You can't infer much from that transaction other than actually things are going well. And to infer more than that is impossible. Because of confidentiality agreements we have with Rockwell, we don't really intend to disclose more. Partnership is going well. 
Operator: Next question comes from Ken Talanian from Evercore ISI. 
Kenneth Talanian: I was wondering if you could give us a sense for how you're thinking about growth in CAD, PLM and, separately, IoT relative to the high and low end of your fiscal '20 ARR guidance. 
Kristian Talvitie: Sure. So I mean I think in general we would expect that CAD and PLM will continue to outpace market growth rates and we actually expect IoT to end up significantly outpacing market growth here in fiscal '20 again due to some of the factors that I outlined in my prepared comments. 
James Heppelmann: Right. So I think probably CAD and PLM growth in the range, perhaps, a little less than where they are this year. But to be -- to add some conservatism. And if you take that IoT business growing much faster, growing kind of at the rate we've guided, you add in 1 point from Onshape, you take down probably the 10% in the FSG group. I'm not sure we're planning to do 10% again, I hope we do, but I don't know if we guided that. 
Kristian Talvitie: Nope. 
James Heppelmann: You run some models around that and you're going to land kind of in that range and maybe even near the upper end of it. So our view is that range contains a notch or 2 of conservatism in case the economy actually gets worse than it is at this moment than it has been in 2019. 
Operator: Next question comes from Saket Kalia from Barclays Capital. 
Saket Kalia: Jim, Kristian, congrats on the deal. Kristian, maybe just one for you. I hate to bring in the 606 accounting item, but obviously 606 rev rec here is going to make revenue a little lumpier, to your point, and that can be even more magnified by large multiyear deals. I think you talked about the wider range for income statement guidance, which we've seen other companies do as well. But can you just touch broad brush on some of the assumptions that you made in the revenue guide as it relates to sort of some of those large multiyear deals which again can be very magnified when it comes to rev rec? 
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. So I think as it relates to the, we'll call it, the large portion, I don't -- we're not really anticipating any significant change in the overall, we'll call it, size of those businesses. And I think probably the bigger question is what happens to the term length particularly on both new and renewal bookings? And the assumption that we're using is -- in the guidance is that we would expect modestly increasing length of term of contract particularly on the renewal side. That's probably one of the bigger factors, is really the term length. 
James Heppelmann: And then of course as you know, Saket, by eliminating that cancellation clause, which we think was an appropriate move, that immediately doubled the length and the effect of all new transactions. So it kind of took those things from 1 year to 2 and, in some cases, to 3. So I think the key thing is just that this number is going to jump around a lot. We're going to have a bang-up year in revenue growth, and I promise you, we're not going to brag about it because the better we do this year, the more it's going to come out of the future. And in the end, the business is the same, it's just moving it from year to year based on revenue recognition rules. 
 So I promise we won't gloat this year. And then you've got to promise to remember next year that we didn't gloat this year. 
Operator: Next question comes from Joe Vruwink from Baird. 
Joseph Vruwink: Congrats, both teams on the acquisition. Jim, your commentary was interesting. Just in the context, PLM was a strong quarter, CAD having a sequential rebound, megadeals and IoT. And all of these is coming in the context of a weakening macro. I'm just wondering if you could maybe reconcile the 2 dynamics. And then as a quick follow-up, whether you saw any change in customer spending behavior as the quarter went on? 
James Heppelmann: Actually Joe, it's interesting because the PMI number, as you probably know, is in the worst place it's been since 2009. But it doesn't feel like that out there. Unemployment's at a, I don't know, I think I heard 50-year low, which doesn't reconcile with the PMI being where it was in 2009. 
 So number one, this downturn feels a little different somehow. And then the second factor is that we are convinced our growth businesses are secular, not cyclic. So we also think that a growing amount of what we sell is potentially more interesting when faced with a difficult spending environment. When companies buy our IoT technology or AR technology and deploy it, for example in a factory, they do that to save money. And so I think that won't go out of style in a downturn. But it is a bit inexplicable but quite -- feels quite good that in the face of what really looks like a difficult economy. PTC just posted the best year in the 21 years I've been here. So I feel good about that. And we've allowed for some conservatism in our guide just in case. But I hope we don't need it. 
Operator: Next question comes from Adam Borg from Stifel. 
Adam Borg: Maybe just want to dig into Creo Simulation Live. It's great to see continued progress there. And just maybe 2 parts, one, is there an opportunity to embed that into Onshape? And then two, as you think about the overall CAD installed base, design engineers, what percent do you think is really addressable by a technology such as this? 
James Heppelmann: Yes. So let me take a stab and then maybe, Jon, you can add some thoughts on the second one. So with respect to Creo Simulation Live, for everybody's benefit, that's ANSYS technology embedded in Creo and it's really started to get some momentum. Of course, we've not been able to talk to ANSYS about it because you can't really do that before you announce such an acquisition. We only announced it this afternoon. So it's certainly a conversation we should go have with ANSYS. And I can't comment. We would need their permission to extend that right and so on and so forth. But definitely having capabilities like Creo Simulation Live and Onshape, I have to think would be very interesting. Let's call it Live Simulation. 
 And then the second thing, the installed base. What the McKinsey study told us was that there's about 35% of the market that wouldn't find SaaS interesting at all, meaning, 65% of the market actually has some level of interest. Now we think that 2 things: Number one, the growthiest part of the market where the most new seats are sold is really the SMB space where PTC doesn't play. It's the domain of SolidWorks and Inventor. And I think Onshape is in a good position to win a good share going forward, expanding over time, but win a good share of those new seats being sold. 
 And then the second thing is I think Onshape goes beyond that and it's a disruptive technology, a technology that will convince people to switch. And of course, smaller companies have more flexibility to switch, but arguably larger companies have more reason to switch. But you've got to balance sort of the goodness of switching with the switching costs and so forth to execute the switch. And that's why I think death comes from below, disruption tends to happen lower in the market and move up over time as people get more comfortable with it. Jon, anything you want to add to that? 
Jon Hirschtick: No. I think that was a great answer. 
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Koenig from Wedbush Securities. 
Steven Koenig: I'll just focus here on Onshape, and welcome to Jon. Maybe just a few, I'll call it, a set of related questions that creates one question. So on Onshape, on the guidance for 1 point of contribution to ARR growth, is that somehow -- is that a pro forma? I mean is there more revenue there that's somehow not getting counted next year? I'm just -- I'm trying to relate that to your purchase price. And if not, then are we -- your conversation about a 35% growth rate in the market, should we expect that Onshape is ramping significantly faster than that? 
 And then I'll just put it out there. Any comments on how Onshape competes or differentiates with Autodesk Fusion? And also comment on what channel will you use to sell it, and is there an existing Onshape channel? Or will you be building one? What's the go to market going to look like? 
James Heppelmann: Okay, no problem. Jon, let me hit the first couple and then maybe you can pick up the competitive one. 
Jon Hirschtick: Great. 
James Heppelmann: So the 1% ARR is ARR growth. 100 basis points is taking what Onshape is already doing plus the growth we're projecting and simply adding it into PTC's plan for, what, 11 months, Kristian? So you're right about that math. Now Onshape has been growing much faster than 35%. And frankly, I hope they continue to do so. So within the market that's growing 35%, of course, we are in a position, I think, to take quite a bit of share. So I don't think you should think that our plan would necessarily be 35% but you should think that the market per this one study would support aggregate growth of 35%. You want to hit the competitive? 
Jon Hirschtick: Yes, happy to. Steve, you mentioned competitive position with Autodesk. I think their vision aligns with ours. They say that the cloud is future SaaS, and the future is just -- they don't back it up with the goods yet. I mean our view, as Jim said, we align completely on the idea that you have to have a pure cloud, pure SaaS platform and offering. Autodesk today offers a partial solution the way -- mixing installed software with cloud -- partial cloud services and so forth. Those strategies are not things that we believe are the way to deliver the values -- the value we seek to deliver to customers. And so we think we have a big advantage there. 
James Heppelmann: Yes. Let me add to that. Our studies showed that Onshape pretty much goes toe-to-toe with features and functions against SolidWorks but beats them for anybody who wants SaaS because SolidWorks doesn't have SaaS. And our study said that against Fusion, it's a better, much cleaner, better and more complete SaaS model and blows them away on functionality. So we think we're in a very good strong competitive position against both of those with the Onshape technology. 
 And then with respect to the channel, one thing that PTC has which could prove very helpful here is a channel that lives in the bottom half of the market or at least kind of, let's say, in the middle part of the market and could go downmarket. So under NDA, I've had the luxury of running the Onshape technology past some of our channel partners as part of our diligence and they're very, very excited. They feel like, sort of like once upon a time they had still SolidWorks in one hand and CATIA on the other and there was a tough left right punch against PTC. We sort of have that against SolidWorks now. 
 You want to go simple SaaS, that model, we've got a great product. You need more features. We have Creo and all the wonderful things we've been doing there. So I think we need more time to plan what role our channel will play here but I think it's definitely an asset that is going to prove to be very, very important as this picture unfolds over time. 
Operator: Next question comes from Yun Kim from Rosenblatt Securities. 
Yun Suk Kim: Congrats on the deal, Jim. On your core business, how much -- I'm just going back to the basics here, but on your core business, how much of your IoT and AR business is generated within your -- the core CAD and PLM installed base? And along that line, if you can just give us at a high level, at least, how much of your IoT and AR business is driven by the Rockwell Automation partnership today. Just trying to get a better understanding of where the IoT and AR growth opportunity is in the near term. 
James Heppelmann: Kristian, do you have data on the first one? 
Kristian Talvitie: We'll have to come -- we'll get it... 
James Heppelmann: Yes. I mean I think I can only give you estimates on both of those. I probably know the second one. But on the first question, how much of IoT and AR is sold into our installed base of CAD and PLM, I'm going to probably say 60%. Yes, 50%, 60%. I mean, on one hand, we have those relationships. They're extremely useful. On the other hand, we're winning in all kinds of accounts because we're a little bit uncontested right now. So we're also trying to go and having success going well beyond the installed base. And of course as I mentioned, what Rockwell sells is well beyond the installed base, right?
 And then on the second question, how important is Rockwell. Rockwell would be a single-digit percentage of what we're doing right now, but growing quickly. So they've gone from not part of our strategy to a small part at this moment. But it's a small part growing at a high rate and should become increasingly material as we go forward. I can imagine Rockwell getting up to be double digits. And I don't know, maybe down the road somewhere, 1/4 of our business. They have a massive installed base. They have a very high win rate. They're having good deployment success. The future with Rockwell looks very, very promising. 
Operator: Next question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. 
Sterling Auty: I want to go back and put a finer point on Steve Koenig's question. So with Onshape, if it's 1%, it sounds like this is about a $10 million revenue generator in terms of where Onshape is. And if I take 5,000 or so subscribers times the printed pricing that kind of supports that idea. For $470 million net cash, that's a big multiple to pay. And I don't think anyone disagrees that they've got the leading technology on the market, but they've been around for a number of years and we're seeing slow adoption at this point. Just to play devil's advocate, what was the buy versus build decision? $470 million invested in... 
James Heppelmann: Yes. Well, yes, that's -- Sterling, that's a good and fair question, and the buy versus build is a good place to start. It cost Jon, with an incredible team of the best guy in the industry, 6 or 7 years and $100 million to get where he is right now. So for me, it would be a little harder to do that entrepreneurial efficient thing, so our estimate is it would take us at least 5 years and several hundred million dollars to build what he has. So there are several hundred million dollars of synergy here. 
 Now the second thing I'd tell you about the price is it's -- this is a unique asset. It's the only one out there which gives Jon, of course, some negotiating leverage. Another point is it's the same revenue multiple that we paid for ThingWorx. And it's the same revenue multiple that Dassault paid for SolidWorks at the same size, if you adjust the difference between multiples on perpetual versus multiples on subscription revenue streams, ARR streams. 
 So I think you and I both would agree that $100 million ARR stream is worth more than $100 million perpetual onetime stream. So if you take the difference in those multiples and gross up what Dassault paid for SolidWorks, by that factor, you get to what we paid for Onshape. So I think I can triangulate on this many different ways, and I think this is a very good buy at this price. It's a win-win for both parties. 
Operator: Next question comes from Tyler Radke from Citi Investments. 
Tyler Radke: I want to -- I have 2 questions, I'll try to fold it into one here. But I guess, just at a high level, Jim, obviously nice to see kind of some of the reported metrics come in line or ahead of plan this quarter. I guess just how -- more broadly, how do you feel about execution and sales capacity? And then as a follow-up for Kristian, I think you mentioned kind of a gradual ramp in the ARR growth as we go into next year. Just curious if that's a function of what you're seeing in the macro environment or that has -- or if there's something else we should be thinking about. 
James Heppelmann: I think on the execution side, Q4 was a solid quarter. We didn't have to make a lot of excuses. You can take the megadeal out, it was still a solid quarter. So I think we feel pretty good about no surprises in Q4. It went more or less like we expected it to. And I think we feel pretty good about the forecast going forward. We have a strong pipeline, lots of momentum, lots of good stuff happening. So I don't know, I think we were all stressed, particularly 90 days ago. But certainly, the past 90 days have been a good 90 days. Kristian? 
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. And again just on the seasonality on the ARR remembering that, that is the entire, we'll call it, stack of customer arrangements that we have. And as such, you need to consider the, we'll call it, rate of new bookings, the expiring base kind of churn and looking at those variables and then also understanding the committed ramps as those layer in throughout the year and even deals that were booked with start dates throughout the year, understanding how those layer in. That's how we get to that range 12% to 15% for the year. And as I said, I think we're going to start the year below that range and it will ramp throughout. 
James Heppelmann: Right. And I want to add, maybe just some color to something Kristian said. He used the term backlog. And what he's referring to is we are sitting on signed contracts right now that, for example, may ramp up a big notch in Q3 or Q4. We don't have to go win that business. We just have to wait for Q3 or Q4 to get here and it kicks in. 
 So that's one of the reasons why we see this ramp is because we're sitting on a fair amount of already closed business that does not count in Kristian's new definition of ARR because it hasn't started yet. So it's really a combination of overlaying the backlog we're sitting on with the forecast we're looking at and seeing that seasonal shape. 
Operator: This will be the last question. After the question, all callers please remain on the line for closing comments from CEO, Mr. Jim Heppelmann. Last question comes from Jason Celino from KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Jason Celino: I wanted to kind of unpack the IoT ARR growth in the quarter. 28% constant currency, still very good, above market rate but a little bit more deceleration than I expected. And I appreciate the full backlog we have and that's encouraging. But can we just kind of unpack Q4 a little bit? 
Kristian Talvitie: I mean again, the -- really, you have to unpack bookings from ARR. And again remembering that per our definition ARR is again the full annualized contract value of all the contracts that we have at the end of the period that are active. And we -- that's what we ended up with in terms of year-over-year growth, the 28%. Now also remember that what I said was we had a very good bookings quarter for IoT in Q4. And a good chunk of those bookings have start dates that are in fiscal '20. 
 And then in addition to that, we also have previously committed ramp deals as well as some other ramp deals that were booked in Q4, which pushes the ARR really into '20. And we would expect a pretty significant increase in ARR above-market growth rates in '20 as a result of timing of how that ARR flows through. 
James Heppelmann: Yes. I think just -- if I could add two cents to that, Jason. Kristian mentioned very strong bookings. But if you remember, our business is really back-end loaded in the quarter. So if we do a good-sized deal in the last week of the quarter, it's highly unlikely that deal is going to start in that same week. If it starts next week, I'm sorry, it's backlog. 
 So really what we need to do is to try to estimate how much of the deals will start in the same quarter they're purchased. First, we have to win the deals. But secondarily, we have to try to estimate the start date in order to understand will it be in the ARR? Or will it be backlog and it'll jump into the ARR in the coming quarter? And what really fundamentally is the deal here is more of it ended in backlog than in ARR but that sets us up nicely for next year. 
 Okay. I think that's the end of that, so I want to thank everybody for joining the call and spending an hour with us this afternoon. So again in summary, it's a challenging macro environment but we closed the strongest -- a strong year of ARR growth. The IoT and ARR business are working well. The core CAD and PLM business are working well. The focus solution group business had a pretty strong year actually. And all of that against this backdrop. 
 So on top of that, Onshape has entered our lives here and it is clearly going to be a new growth engine but also a longer-term path to a SaaS future. So there's a lot here at PTC that we're proud and excited about, and. If you get a chance to join us on the November 18 webcast, we're going to take you into much deeper detail, particularly along -- around the long-range plan and free cash flow and all the puts and takes and assumptions and sensitivities and so forth. So we'll try to give you a good clear view on how doable that is. And I think you're going to like the answer. 
 But if you can't join then, I look forward to talking to you in 90 days, if we don't happen to cross paths sooner. So thanks for joining us. Bye-bye. 
Operator: That concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time, and thank you for joining.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the PTC 2019 Third Quarter Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. This call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like the turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Timothy Fox: Thank you, Sue. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining PTC's conference call to discuss our fiscal Q3 '19 results. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; and Kristian Talvitie, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding future financial guidance. And these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in PTC's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements included on this call represent the company's view on July 24, 2019. PTC disclaims any obligation to update these statements to reflect future events or circumstances. As a reminder, we will be referring to operating and non-GAAP financial metrics during today's call. The discussion of our operating metrics and these items excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures under both ASC 605 and 606 are included in this afternoon's earnings release materials and related Form 10-K. I'd also like to remind everyone that starting with fiscal Q1 '19, we adopted ASC 606 on a modified retrospective basis. In our press release and prepared remarks, we have provided results under both 606 and 605 as well as under reconciliations between the two. We have also provided guidance under both standards. Finally, please note that the SEC requires the presentation of 605 results for comparability with the prior year results. Thus, for such comparability, our discussion on this call will focus on 605 results unless otherwise stated. Also please note that certain operating metrics such as bookings and ACV and non-GAAP financial measures such as free cash flow are the same under both 606 and 605. And with that, let me turn the call over to Jim.
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before we discuss our third quarter results, I'd like to address the bigger picture regarding our performance to date and the outlook for the balance of the fiscal year and discuss why, despite having to navigate some near-term challenges, we remain confident about PTC's long-term growth opportunity and our ability to drive significant value for our customers and shareholders. Through the first three quarters of fiscal '19, we've seen relatively strong performance on revenue and ARR metrics. But on the bookings front, we're disappointed with our performance relative to the outlook we've provided at the outset of the year. With Kristian coming onboard and the benefit of his fresh perspective, looking at our first three quarters of performance and full year outlook, we studied how the year has evolved so far versus our plan. Through this analysis, it's become clear that the subscription transition has different impacts on different areas of the business. To be clear, there have been many, many areas of strong performance especially in our growth business of IoT and AR. What we had not anticipated were some aftereffects of our subscription transition that are causing stress in the system and creating meaningful headwinds to bookings growth this year. You can see these effects in our Q3 booking results and again in our Q4 guidance. Kristian will elaborate on the details but the subscription cutover has created 2 specific short-term challenges that I'd like to discuss. First, software bookings in geographies such as China and Russia, which are sold primarily through our channel, have declined materially following the end of perpetual license sales there. Fortunately, we don't have a significant exposure in these countries but this decline nonetheless cost us a few points of bookings growth versus our plan. The second issue related to subscription is the year-over-year decline in large VPA conversions, VPA being volume purchase agreements. As we cycled through the cohort of our largest support contracts over the past 3 years, we converted many of these large VPA customers to subscription. For customers that did not convert, in most cases, we increased the support run rate. This support price increase boosted ARR growth. But note that per our convention, we did not count the incremental support ACV as new bookings. As the customers who did not convert come up for support renewal again, we get another chance to try to convert them to subscription. However, we are seeing a much lower hit rate on this second pass as these customers are less incented to convert given that they've already accepted the higher support pricing. We will need to adjust the offering, but in the meantime this year-over-year slowdown in large VPA conversions cost us a few more points of bookings growth. The final fact, which is not specifically related to the subscription transition, was our execution on the resource shift from our productivity zone into our growth business that we discussed at length last quarter. The shift has benefited our growth business significantly. It continues to have a great year and bookings were strong again in Q3. We've closed the sales hiring gap to the point that this is a non-issue in the growth business now, but of course we need to keep the recruitment engine going to meet our ongoing growth needs. But as we've discussed previously, a side effect of the resource shift has been a bookings deceleration in the productivity zone that was steeper than contemplated in our fiscal '19 plan. And this, too, caused a few more points of bookings growth. When taken together, these challenges have combined to create a double-digit bookings growth headwind. They represent a one-time step-down to what I see as a new normal bookings baseline. The good news is that this new baseline will be a lot easier to grow from going forward. It's important to note that inside the year where we encountered these strong bookings headwind, there are many other things in our core and growth businesses that worked well. In fact, our core CAD and PLM businesses, together with our IoT and AR growth businesses, are expected to grow a combined 20% this fiscal year in those areas not impacted by the headwinds I just reviewed. So the core CAD and PLM, and the IoT and AR growth businesses would be on track to deliver the low double digit bookings growth we had planned for if not for the unplanned headwinds that have reduced the forecast to low single-digit bookings growth this year. I do want to stress here how important it is to remember that we are talking about a bookings growth slowdown, whereas ARR, a better indicator of future growth in the subscription business, has increased double digits in the same period as have margin and cash flow. So after what's turning out to be a transitional fiscal '19 that's resulting in a push out of our $850 million free cash flow target to 2024, it's fair to ask what gives us confidence in achieving this plan. Frankly, it's because we are fundamentally in a stronger position now than we were a year ago on almost every metric and many of these one-time challenges are now behind us. Compared to June of 2018 when we first established this 5-year target, we now have significantly more ARR, more margin and more cash flow, and we have higher bookings and lower churn, too. Heading into fiscal '20, we'll be growing off a run rate that, as compared to 2018, has significantly less exposure to the one-time headwinds I've been discussing. I trust you all believe that the $850 million of free cash flow remains a very attractive target even if it happens in 2024, and now the bar to get there is a lot lower than it was a year ago. The bottom line is that the subscription transition effects have a short-term impact yet we're more confident than ever about our ability to achieve that $850 million free cash flow target. We also remain confident that PTC will emerge as one of the premier public software companies in the next few years and that will create a lot of value for customers and shareholders in the process. So with all that as context, let me turn now to our Q3 results. Our financial performance across revenue, earnings and ARR was solid once again this quarter. Revenue was in line with guidance, operating margin was at the high end of guidance, and EPS came in at the high end of guidance. Q3 ARR of $1.1 billion grew 13% year-over-year, an improvement of 200 basis points in growth rates over Q3 of '18, reflecting the strength of our maturing subscription business. Excluding the currency impact related to our guidance, Q3 bookings of $110 million was at the lower end of the guidance range, primarily due to channel performance mostly attributable to the phaseout of perpetual that I mentioned earlier. On a constant currency basis, Q3 bookings were flat year-over-year against very strong Q3 of '18 performance when we posted year-over-year bookings growth of 26%. Let's turn now to our high-growth IoT business, which in terms of reporting includes our AR business. I mentioned that IoT bookings were again solid in Q3. Consistent with recent quarters, IoT bookings came from mix of new customer acquisitions and from expansions, with the latter accounting for over 60% of Q3 ThingWorx bookings. Q3 was also another strong quarter for large IoT deals, with 5 7-figure deals, including 4 expansions and 1 new logo deal. The large expansion deals came from a variety of vertical markets from both smart-connected processes or factory use cases and smart-connected product use cases. Notable wins came from Eaton, a diversified power management supplier; from NCR Corporation, a leading global provider of digital solutions for retail, hospitality and banking, and from UTC Aerospace, who's further deploying ThingWorx in their factories. Turning now to our augmented reality business. We delivered another strong quarter there as well. The number of 6-figure AR deals, which began to accelerate in Q2, continued to increase in Q3 driven in part by the early success of Vuforia Expert Capture which was just launched in April. Clearly, the recent trends we're seeing in AR are very promising and providing more evidence that industrial AR adoption is broadening and that this business is blossoming into a big hit for PTC. Elsewhere in IoT and AR, we are pleased to see our strategic alliances continue to gain traction. On the Rockwell Automation front, the pace of business accelerated again in Q3 with 34 deals closing in the quarter, including 2 firsts for the alliance. This quarter marked the first Vuforia Expert Capture deal sold by Rockwell Automation which was a sizable order in the pharmaceutical space. We were also pleased to see the first smart-connected product deal closed by Rockwell, the SCP use cases in exciting adjacent market opportunity for Rockwell Automation, where they can sell the FactoryTalk innovation suite into machine builder customers who embed Rockwell controls into the products that they in turn sell into the market. With over 1,000 opportunities in the pipeline and a positive outlook for Q4, our confidence around the success of this strategic alliance grows stronger every quarter. Turning now to the Microsoft alliance. Q3 performance was once again strong with 36 deals closed in the quarter along with a notable increase in average deal size fueled by 3 7-figure transactions. Bookings doubled sequentially over Q2. And again this past quarter, the composition of Microsoft deals extended beyond the smart-connected product use case with a meaningful uptick in hybrid cloud factory deployments and pure cloud deployments hosting PTC's augmented reality solutions. You may have heard this at LiveWorx, but PTC was named Microsoft's Partner of the Year in manufacturing, and again separately in mixed reality. And we were also runner-up to our joint partner Accenture in IoT. Clearly, Microsoft has tremendous momentum with Azure right now, and we're pleased to be so closely aligned with them in IoT and AR and manufacturing. To summarize on IoT and AR, Q3 provided another strong data point suggesting that adoption of these technologies continues to accelerate across a range of vertical markets, geographies and use cases. Let me turn now to our core CAD and PLM business. Q3 combined CAD and PLM bookings declined modestly year-over-year against a tough comparison in Q3 '18, with the biggest drivers being a bookings decline in our CAD channel related to the subscription transition headwinds I mentioned earlier. On a positive note, we continue to see good signs of early traction for Creo Simulation Live, our groundbreaking CAD solution using real-time simulation technology from our strategic alliance with ANSYS. We closed 76 transactions in the quarter with average deal sizes well above Q2 levels, and we landed the largest follow-on order to date with a leading defense contractor that intends to deploy Creo Simulation Live to hundreds and potentially even thousands of engineers across multiple business units. While it's still early, we're encouraged to see a growing pipeline and commercial adoption that's beginning to accelerate. We were pleased to see the continued solid performance of our core PLM business which delivered above-market bookings growth in the quarter driven by strong expansion activity. Customers increasingly understand the role of PLM as a backbone for digital transformation and they're investing accordingly. To wrap up my comments, from a growth perspective, our core PLM business is performing well, and our high-growth IoT and AR businesses continue to gain significant market traction. We remain confident that our CAD business is fundamentally well positioned and that the subscription-related headwinds are transitory. With that, I'd like to welcome Kristian to our earnings call and turn it over to him.
Kristian Talvitie: Great. Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I review our results, I'd like to note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance, and all growth rate references will be in constant currency. And as Tim mentioned earlier, we adopted the new rev rec standard, ASC 606 under the modified retrospective method on October 1, 2018. For year-over-year comparability purposes, I will be discussing our outlook and results under 605, unless otherwise stated. Also, please note that certain operating and non-GAAP financial metrics such as bookings, ACV and free cash flow are the same under 605 and 606. We've provided ASC 606 guidance in our press release and our prepared remarks. So starting with the long-range plan. We are resetting our long-range targets. To be clear, we remain committed to achieving $850 million in free cash flow. But given our year-to-date performance and the current outlook for this year, we believe that it's appropriate to plant that stake solidly in fiscal '24 ground. As Jim stated in his opening remarks, we're not satisfied with our overall performance this year. Transforming a complex global company comes with challenges, but fundamentally there's a very positive growth story here. The changes made throughout the course of this year have put in place the foundation for PTC to become a premier high-growth, high-profit, recurring revenue software company, and we remain firmly committed to that objective. We will provide more detail around both our fiscal '20 and long-range targets under ASC 606 in November on our normal time line. Now turning to guidance. Frankly, we're taking a prudent approach. There are some ongoing effects of the subscription transition within our channel primarily related to the end-of-life perpetual software -- end-of-life of perpetual software in certain geographies, and we don't expect this to improve in Q4. Additionally, on the direct side, our support conversion program is expected to remain a bookings headwind in Q4, particularly as it relates to large deal volume, and we're not forecasting any mega deals in the quarter. Clearly, the macro environment is also not helpful at this point. And while we don't feel that it was a major factor in our Q3 performance, we are watching the situation carefully and are mindful of it in our Q4 outlook. For the full year, we now expect bookings in the range of $458 million to $468 million. This represents growth of 1% to 3% on a year-over-year basis. We expect a full year subscription mix of 84% and to exit the year in Q4 with about a 93% mix. We are trimming fiscal '19 total revenue by $8 million at the midpoint to a range of $1.31 billion to $1.32 billion, which represents growth of 7% year-over-year, driven by software growth of 9% despite a 1,600 basis point increase in subscription mix. Recurring software revenue is now expected to be approximately $1.2 billion or a growth of 13% and is expected to be 94% of total software revenue for the year. Our fiscal '19 operating margin guidance is 22% to 23%, representing a year-over-year increase of approximately 400 to 500 basis points, reflecting PTC's well-demonstrated approach to controlling spending. We now expect operating expenses to increase only 3% year-over-year at constant currency. Our effective tax rate is expected to be 18%, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $1.73 to $1.78 which is approximately 21% growth at the midpoint. Based primarily on our expected bookings performance for fiscal '19, we are reducing our free cash flow guidance by $30 million to a range of $235 million to $245 million, and adjusted free cash flow of $260 million to $270 million, which excludes cash payments for restructuring of approximately $25 million. As with operating margin, we expect free cash flow to accelerate significantly in fiscal '20 as the subscription model matures. Moving now to our third quarter results. Q3 bookings at guidance FX were at the low end of our guidance range primarily due to channel performance in certain regions and subscription conversion activity. Outside that, we saw bookings strength in the Americas across all product offerings, and we saw continued strength in our high-growth IoT business and solid growth for our PLM offerings. Our solid Q3 financial performance reflects the strength of our subscription model with revenue, margins and EPS all within or at the high end of our expectations. Moving on to the income statement. Under the new rev rec standard, ASC 606, total revenue in Q3 was $296 million, operating margin was 13%, and EPS was $0.23. Under ASC 605, total revenue in Q3 was $323 million, up 6% year-over-year, and software revenue was $282 million, also an increase of 6% despite a 1,300 basis point increase in subscription mix. Subscription revenue grew 39%. Please refer to our prepared remarks document on our website where we reconcile our 606 results to our 605 results. Importantly, ARR grew 13% year-over-year to $1.088 billion. This is a metric that I'd like to draw more attention to especially given that we are now primarily a subscription business. As I mentioned at LiveWorx, in fiscal '20, we'll be doing away with the current reporting framework which frankly is anchored in a perpetual company view of the world. So when we provide more detail on fiscal '20 and the revised LRP targets in November, we will be using the go-forward 606-based reporting framework and using financial and operating metrics that are important to a subscription company. Suffice it to say that ARR and cash flow will be critical elements of that framework. Continuing through the 605 P&L. Q3 operating margin of 19% at the high end of guidance reflects a 100 basis point improvement year-over-year. EPS of $0.36, also at the high end of our guidance range, reflecting continued discipline on total spending. And moving to the balance sheet. We remain committed to a balanced capital strategy. We successfully completed the $1 billion ASR that we entered into in Q4 2018. In fiscal '19, we intend to repurchase shares equal to at least 40% of our FY '19 free cash flow. And as a reminder, last month at our investor meeting, we increased that commitment for fiscal '20. And starting next year, we've committed to return at least 50% of our free cash flow to repurchase shares. In Q3, we used $25 million to repurchase 287,000 shares at an average price of $87, and we repaid $40 million on our revolving credit facility. And wrapping up, just to be explicit about our Q4 guidance under ASC 605, we expect bookings in the range of $135 million to $145 million. Total revenue is expected to be in the range of $330 million to $338 million. Q4 operating expenses are expected to be $189 million to $191 million, resulting in operating margin in the range of 21% to 22% and EPS of $0.42 to $0.47. So with that, I'll turn the call over to the operator and we can begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. You may go ahead.
Ken Talanian: Thank you for taking the question. Could you give us a sense for the percent of LNS bookings relative to guidance that you've already closed in the quarter compared to what you typically close in July?
Kristian Talvitie: I don't actually think we have that data in front of us. I think it so far feels like a pretty normal quarter for Q4. So I mean, if you're really going to -- do we see some macro thing unfolding, I think the answer is no.
Ken Talanian: Okay. I guess you noted in the prepared remarks, you don't anticipate closing any megadeals in 4Q. Just to clarify, were there any deals in your guidance that are no longer there? And if they're in the pipeline, what are the main issues to getting them closed?
James Heppelmann: Yes, of course, just to remind everybody, if a deal is more than $1 million in PEB booking, we call it a large deal, and a megadeal, we refer to as more than $5 million in PEB bookings. So keep in mind that a lot of times these big deals might be associated with a conversion. And because we don't see the conversions happening at the rate that we had been enjoying, let's say, a year ago, we're a little reticent to assume that a deal that might be a large deal could be grossed up to a megadeal. So there's no deals we're losing. There certainly are deals that could come in smaller and meaningfully smaller than we might have expected a quarter or two ago when we were more confident about the impact that conversions would have. So I think we're just being conservative. We'd love to surprise you and show up with a megadeal. But I think at this point, given the trend that we see in the data, we don't feel like it would be prudent to guide that way.
Ken Talanian: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ken Wong with Guggenheim Securities. You may go ahead.
Ken Wong: Thanks for taking my question, guys. As I -- you guys mention VPAs or you guys had a tough time converting those. Of the VPAs you guys have remaining, any rough sense for I guess one, what percent of VPAs are still up to convert? And as we think about when you convert them, like what's the potential uplift that we could potentially expect here? Are you going to have to take that down from the kind of the 20%, 25% you guys have been seeing in the past?
James Heppelmann: You want to take that one?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, sure. So I think that we can break the conversions out into 2 or 3 different cohorts. There's the large VPAs, of which we have converted approximately half of them over the past 2 to 3 years.
James Heppelmann: So let's say half in the first pass.
Kristian Talvitie: In the first pass. There's still more than -- about a couple of hundred left that have a significant support run rate. I think if we look over the past 3 years, while we were doing the conversions in the first pass for the large ones, we were seeing uplifts in the 40% to 50% range off that run rate. So we think there's still a significant opportunity for customers to get value out of this program as we modify it. And then, there's a couple of other tiers. There still tail of a mid-tier where there's a significant number of customers there as well, and then there's obviously the channel customers. And frankly, we've actually seen conversions in the channel space increasing this year significantly over the run rate from last year.
James Heppelmann: Yes, maybe just to clarify some data here associated with what Kristian said. The number of conversions is up. However, it's up most in the channel space where the conversions are smallest. It's flat to up a little bit in the direct but not volume purchase agreement cohort. And in the volume purchase agreement, the biggest accounts, it's down materially. And so while the number is up, the dollar value is down materially in aggregate.
Ken Wong: Got it. Great. Thanks for the clarification, guys.
James Heppelmann: And maybe to clarify one other comment I said. Kristian mentioned we got about half of these customers to convert in the first pass. Ultimately, we plan to convert all of them. It's just we need to go back and look at the offering. Andy Miller always used to talk about the proverbial carrot and stick, and so we need to go back to that conversation and think about how to make the carrot sweeter and how to create another stick if need be. So we're going to do it. And over time, it's inconceivable that they won't all convert because everything we sell them from this point forward will be on a subscription contract. And so over time, even if they prefer perpetual support, it's going to get watered down with more and more subscription. So we'll get them all. It's just we are not getting them as fast here in fiscal '19 as we sort of had assumed they would, and so we need to go do some more work to rethink the offering and go back and try to get them in a second pass.
James Heppelmann: Got it. Very helpful, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Saket Kalia: Hey, guys.
James Heppelmann: Hi, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hey, Jim. Hey, Kristian. Thanks for taking my question here. I'll stick to the one question rule. Maybe the few drivers that we've talked about here for the lower outlook for Q4, Jim, if we sort of put some of the pricing things aside, can you just talk about just fundamentally the health of underlying demand in CAD and PLM that you've seen as you've talked to customers? I know you talked about you're not really seeing anything kind of unfolding in the macro front here in July, but I'd love if you could expand on it. And also, just given what one your competitors said this morning just about the competitive dynamics, I was wondering if you could talk about market share dynamics in those core CAD and PLM businesses as well.
James Heppelmann: Yes, Saket, I think if you set aside the situations that have external influences like VPA renewals or conversions and this discussion about certain geographies that don't really like perpetual, if you say, aside from that how does demand look, how is the business doing, the business is doing very well. The combined IoT, AR, CAD and PLM business were not affected by those external forces, is up 20% year-over-year, bookings up 20%. So I think we feel like the fundamental demand where companies are buying for the first time, where they're expanding I think is very good, and our competitive dynamic is very strong. And we're seeing good success with the ANSYS stuff and so forth. Again, these other effects though are material, and so they've taken a lot of the wind out of the sail. And so what should be a double-digit bookings growth year overall gets watered down to what's going to be a single-digit bookings growth here. And that's unfortunate, but we feel like because the underlying fundamentals are so strong and because these headwinds have now become diminish-sized, the base that the headwinds apply to is actually becoming quite small, we feel pretty confident going forward. So we feel like this year, we didn't make the progress we hope to this year, but when we look going forward, we feel just as confident as we ever did.
Saket Kalia: And anything on market share that you can talk about on CAD and PLM, Jim? Of course, I'm referring to a little bit about what Dassault had talked about on the call earlier, any sort of share shift that you're seeing in CAD and PLM?
James Heppelmann: I mean I think, if anything, PTC is holding its own. You can say in the quarter our CAD business didn't grow, but I think the SolidWorks business grew 4%. So I don't think really Dassault is crushing it either right now. But I think there's not a significant share shift going on. I think again, if we don't talk about geographies where we have this perpetual subscription thing happening, which actually has nothing to do with fundamental demand, it's more a business model change, and if we look then generally at the SMB and sort of medium-sized account, it's very strong. So I don't know. We don't certainly don't think we are losing any share. And I think from quarter-to-quarter, there can be little ups and downs brought on by external influences like we're seeing right now. But I think fundamentally, we feel like the CAD business, the PLM business and the IoT and AR businesses are fundamentally very competitive, very strong. And we expect that we're going to be in a position to have a strong growth here next year.
Saket Kalia: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. You may go ahead.
Matt Swanson: This is actually Matt Swanson on for Matt. Jim, I know at the beginning of the year when we talk about restructuring towards growth areas, the focus was not to do this in a bunch of small steps but to align the company up with kind of a long-term strategic outlook. After the large shift, do you feel that at this point maybe that you've over-rotated and maybe you need to invest resources back towards CAD and PLM? Or is the disruption just kind of a natural risk that comes with the change and...
James Heppelmann: So Matt, let me be clear, we did not shift resources out of CAD and PLM into IoT and AR. We shifted resources out of places like ALM, SLM and what we call our classic product groups, small brands that rarely even get mentioned on an earnings call. So we shifted resources out of low-growth, high-margin businesses to make them potentially lower-growth and higher-yet margin and move those particular go-to-market resources into a high-growth business where we felt like to fuel the growth, we needed a lot more resources. So yes, the consequence of that was successful on the high-growth business. We're getting good growth. But we had actually thought we would give up some bookings growth ground, and we gave up more than we expected. Now it's not worth putting resources back there. Those businesses are small to begin with, and they're even smaller now. They're very highly profitable to us. They're kind of our small cash cows that don't get talked about that much but help generate profit for us. The bookings -- the size of those businesses is small enough that what happens next year is not really going to be that impactful. I mean, they were pretty small already from a bookings standpoint. And having given up some ground this year, they're actually pretty small going forward. So we would not put resource back there. We hope to see them stabilize and be flat next year and that would be just fine. But they cannot go down as much next year in terms of bookings as they did this year because there isn't room to do that, just to put it in perspective. And then separate from this discussion about bookings, I want you to understand the revenue and profit is going up in these businesses because in fact, the churn rates are very, very low and the bookings still exceed the churn. So the size of these small profitable businesses is growing and the profit, of course, is growing even faster because we've taken quite a bit of resources out. So I don't want anybody to think these businesses are in decline. The growth rate of bookings is in decline. The businesses themselves continue to grow in both revenue and profit.
Matt Swanson: That’s helpful color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Tyler Radke with Citi. You may go ahead.
James Heppelmann: Hello, Tyler.
Tyler Radke: Hey. Thank you for taking – hi. Good to talk to you guys. So you talked about a macro backdrop that's not super helpful right now. I was wondering if you could expand on that. And then how do you think about the uptake of IoT in a weaker macro backdrop, especially if some of these projects are more greenfield and a little bit more in the pilot phase? Like how does that -- how do you factor that into your assumptions relative to IoT with the macro backdrop? Thanks.
James Heppelmann: Yes. Tyler, so I think the IoT business, frankly, is new enough that we haven't really been through a cycle. But certainly, we have no reason to believe it would be a cyclical business. And frankly, we have evidence to the contrary that suggests it's a secular business. The level of interest in digital transformation is very, very high. And the level of demand and the level of bookings growth and revenue growth in our IoT and AR businesses is very high even in this situation where the PMIs, for example, have kind of broken through 50 on the way down. So we think and the data to date would suggest that IoT and AR are secular businesses. Now CAD and PLM historically have shown some correlation to PMI. They are a little bit more cyclical. CAD, for example, is largely tied to headcount. If you hire more engineers, you need more CAD seats. If you're not hiring engineers, you don't. But I don't see anybody cutting heads. I just really don't. I couldn't name a single customer that's reducing engineering headcount right now even though the PMIs are low. So I think we're in a funny situation where the job market is so strong that -- and I think also the fears people have about the economy are so sort of short term like, let's see what happens with China next week and maybe this isn't the problem after all. So I don't think like this is a fundamental economic decline. It's just a period of uncertainty related in large part to trade and politics and nonsense like that, that's got people nervous. But they're not acting on that nervousness, it appears, in ways that hurt us. So we don't think at this point that the macro situation is any kind of a significant factor. It might be a small factor in tiny pockets like I'll give you one example. A lot of our Kepware software is sold with capital equipment. Somebody buys a machine, and then they buy a copy of Kepware to go with it. Maybe the sales of capital assets are down in our Kepware business, which is part of our IoT business. That small pocket was a little bit weak, but it's not a big business. It's not a big part of IoT, and frankly, it wasn't that weak. So I think it could be a secondary factor in pockets. It's not thus far -- so far as we can tell, a primary factor in what our issues are here in 2019.
Tyler Radke: Great. And if I could ask a follow-up on the conversion to subscription. You mentioned some customers that kind of proceeded with the maintenance price increase which caused weaker subscription conversions. What's the plan of attack there in terms of converting those over going forward? Are you having to change your strategy there? Could you just help us walk through what the strategy is? Thank you.
James Heppelmann: Sure. I think again, you need to go back and think in terms of these 3 cohorts: the large direct customers who had volume purchase agreements; all of the rest of the direct customers, being the second cohort; and the third cohort being all the channel customers. These really are three different situations. And situation one has been challenged, but situation two is okay, and situation three, cohort three is doing well. So I think in the first cohort, we need to go back and sweeten up the value proposition, this proverbial carrot and stick I was talking about. We need to give them more incentives to convert because, in fact, they've already paid part of the tax in the first pass by paying more support costs. So we need to sweeten it up, and we'll do that. We will take a look at it. And I think like I said, in the end, they will all convert. It's just a question of at what pace. And thus far in 2019, the pace has been slower than we would have expected. So we need to go back and think about what can we do to sweeten it up and get them to convert faster. In the end, when you check back in a couple of years, they will all be subscription customers, I'm pretty sure of that.
Kristian Talvitie: I might even say, it's not necessarily just sweetening it. It's making sure that we understand what the real value driver for them is. There was a current value proposition that resonated very well with a segment of customers.
James Heppelmann: Yes, with the first half.
Kristian Talvitie: And so now we just need to go back and make sure we understand what the real value driver is going to be for the second half and adjust accordingly.
James Heppelmann: Yes. And I might add, there are well-known techniques here. For example, Autodesk raised the support pricing materially, and that created another incentive. And we haven't done that yet. Not at all to the extreme level they did. But at some point, we might do that. We'll do some variation of that to incent people really to move on to the subscription business model.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. You may go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
James Heppelmann: Hello, Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Hi. Welcome back, Kristian.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Jim, you mentioned a number of short-term and external influences, looks like in the bookings outlook and I guess, performance. On the other hand, you also spoke about some positives in the business, M&A in IoT, the momentum behind CAD and PLM and support. So there remains, of course, that disconnect to the bookings outlook, and ultimately, the cash flow outlook. So I'd like to ask you about what may be a missing ingredient here in your commentary thus far, and that is your product roadmap. There was some detailed descriptions about last month at LiveWorx, but to the extent that customers think in multiyear terms about the roadmaps of their vendors, when we think about what you're doing to CAD and PLM, particularly PLM, is there perhaps an issue here? There are positives. I can see that in the roadmaps. But might there be some issues nevertheless that are cumulatively adding up to [just to be elements] to your future business outlook? Might there be some solutions that you need to offer in terms of not just pricing and sweetening, like you mentioned, but perhaps new configurations, new packaging, something else or something more fundamental or architectural that is deep down perhaps what's going on here in terms of long-term bookings CAGR?
James Heppelmann: So Jay, I'm going to tell you, no, I don't believe that's the case, and I want to say that pretty firmly, because if we go through our products one by one, let's pick the easy ones. There's nothing like our AR product out there. It's phenomenal. People love it. There's nothing like our IoT product out there. We've won every Magic Quadrant-like analysis that's been published in the last 4, 5 years. If we drop down to PLM, in fact, PLM had a pretty decent quarter. And sometimes, people like to say, "Oh, Aras is disrupting PTC." And I'm telling, you it's hogwash. Our business is doing well. By the way, there was just a third Magic Quadrant-like report published just in the past week here, and PTC is the winner once again. So I'm just saying, every piece of external data suggests PTC is best-in-class in PLM, and our bookings are pretty strong. So I feel like the story actually about PLM as a backbone for digital transformation, which for example, I told in my keynote at LiveWorx, our customers are super excited about that. So I don't think there's a product issue in PLM. Now let's come over to CAD. If you look at what we're doing with generative design and what we're doing with real-time simulation, there's nothing like that in the market. Customers are so excited about this stuff because the value that you can create in terms of high-quality products coming to market much faster, it's unbelievable. So I don't want to say we couldn't do creative packaging and so forth, yes, there's always room for that. But if we go to the fundamental competitiveness of our products, I feel like they're incredibly strong in each and every one of these four major businesses of CAD, PLM, IoT and AR. I don't think that's the problem. I mean, just telling you very frankly and very firmly, I don't think that's the problem. I think the problem is, for example, in China, we used to sell perpetual software to people who would then drop maintenance. We don't want to do that. We either want to sell them subscription software that they pay for year after year or we don't want to do business in China. There's no point in chasing empty bookings of perpetual software where maintenance doesn't attach at a high rate. China, Russia, places like that. So that's one factor, meaning we could take perpetual orders if we want to. We don't want to. It's not really interesting to the bottom line, to the cash flow strategy and so forth. And then this issue about these VPAs, that's really just a year-over-year factor. It helped us more last year than it's helping us this year. That means that this year's bookings on a year-over-year comparison are down. But nonetheless, the CAD business I think were not influenced by that stuff. Like I said, it's doing very, very well. So I don't know. I mean, you and I can discuss this sometime when we're together again, but I'm going to say very definitively I don't think there's a product issue. I feel very, very, very confident about our products. I'm a product guy who knows these products inside and out. I talk to customers all the time. I'm very confident that our products are very, very strong.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel. You may go ahead.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I don't think you guys talked about the various stages of the IoT journey with pilots, production and expansion. And I know you called out a few larger IoT expansion this quarter, but I guess when you look at the broader cohort of IoT more broadly, maybe you could just dissect a little bit more how pilots production expansion did?
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean we said that 60% of the bookings again came from expansion. So I think that's a pretty healthy number. We have a lot of sales guys out there selling new deals, the new deals tend to be small, and then we come back and we want to expand them and grow them all into significant ARR run rates. We've seen this pattern of roughly 60% of our bookings coming from expansion for as many quarters as I can remember in IoT. Maybe, I don't know if 60% is the perfect number or not, but it feels like a good number where a lot of business comes from people buying more, even though far more energy is spent winning new accounts. So I think that's probably a decent ratio, and it shows that we're having success of selling and turning small accounts into big ones.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks, again.
James Heppelmann: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities. You may go ahead.
James Heppelmann: Hello, Steve.
Steve Koenig: Thank you. Just maybe stepping back and thinking about -- and by the way, I appreciate the granular detail on the headwinds that impacted you this quarter and the discrete nature of a bunch of those things. If we step back and just think about fiscal '19 versus fiscal '18, it's kind of a very different year. And so you've had a bunch of headwinds. And if you think about the execution levers you had to pull to make fiscal '20 a better year than fiscal '19, how would you kind of rank those things? What are your priorities in terms of what you want to do to maybe execute more consistently?
James Heppelmann: Well, I mean, I think we want to certainly stabilize this productivity zone, ALM, SLM and what we call classic product scope. Again, I want to be clear, though, we could not have as big a falloff because there's no room for it. So even in the very worst case, where bookings went to 0, it would be less of a headwind. But that's not going to happen, and I'd like to see them being flat to up because I feel like our execution left some business hanging out there that we could go get. That's the main thing. With respect to, for example, the problem of geographies that don't want to buy subscription, prefer to buy perpetual, I think we need to keep pushing on that. It may just be a transitory thing, but nonetheless, it's also not a big thing. We're really talking about a small percentage of our bookings, but that small percentage declined quite a bit in the last couple of quarters. But again, from this run rate, it can't decline a lot more because it's pretty small at this point. So I think, to me, the big headwinds, there's no room for the headwinds to be that big this coming year of fiscal '20. Meanwhile, the execution on everything else has been very, very good. And I think if we can just contain the headwinds, then the beauty of how well we're doing in general is going to shine through in fiscal '20. And that's really the way we are looking at it. We'll give you the data in roughly 90 days, but I think you're going to see us come out with a growth plan that we're pretty confident in next year. And it's because we are going to be growing off a baseline that's very, very solid with a lot of wind in our sails in terms of product momentum, new sales capacity, all that type of stuff that should be -- should put us in a position to do well.
Steve Koenig: Got it. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Broome with Mizuho Securities. You may go ahead.
James Heppelmann: Hi, Matthew.
Matthew Broome: Thanks very much. Hi. How is net retention for subscription revenue during the quarter?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, it's Kristian. So net retention has been really stable, I think, on a sequential basis for the subscription space. I think we've seen a slight improvement from last year. And we have programs in place to try and continue to improve these over the coming years. But no meaningful change.
Matthew Broome: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next...
James Heppelmann: I might add that - I'm sorry. If I could add, if you look at some of the metrics Kristian talked about where the recurring software revenue is up 13% and the margins for the year should be up 400 to 500 basis points and so forth, we don't have a problem with the business we have in-house. It's really more a headwind of bringing in the new bookings and then comparing it to last year where we didn't have some of those headwinds.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. You may go ahead.
Jackson Ader: Hey, thanks. Hi, guys. This is Jackson Ader on for Sterling tonight. Just a couple of quick questions on the IoT growth. So if subscription is growing, approaching 40% but the overall business growing mid-20s on a constant-currency basis, so that's suggesting maybe that we've reached a point in the industry where machines are coming with some preconfigured software to integrate to the IoT and maybe don't need the Kepware layer like maybe we did a couple of years ago?
James Heppelmann: No, I don't think so. I mean, keep in mind, when you go into a factory, there's no new factory that has only new equipment in it. So if a factory has 100 pieces of automation equipment in it and somebody buys a new one that doesn't need Kepware, well great, the other 99 still do. And I've actually said before publicly several times that maybe at some point in time the world won't need Kepware because all the machines will be brand-new and upgraded to the latest protocols. But I can't actually imagine that scenario happening in the time frame that I'm still employed in the business because there's 20, 30, 40, 50, 60-year old machines in these factories. And they're not going anywhere because they're fully amortized and they work well and so forth. So I think that I don't want you to think Kepware had a bad quarter. It didn't do quite as well as we expected, but it did grow year-over-year. Just we had more ambitious growth plans. But nonetheless, it grew from a bookings and a revenue standpoint, and it's been a good, strong performer for us. It never was the fastest-growing part of our IoT suite, but it's a very, very important part because it brings together the ability for a brand-new machine to co-exist with the machines that are 5 years, 10 years, 15, 20, 40, 50 years old altogether in 1 automated information system. One other thing, just to clarify so that we don't have the wrong impression here. I talked about how the combination of CAD and PLM and IoT and AR were not influenced by these external factors was growing 20%. But that's a combination of AR and IoT growing much faster than 20%, and of course, CAD and PLM are not growing at the 20% level. So that was sort of an average of some moderate growers and some fast and some superfast growers coming together.
Jackson Ader: Okay. And then actually one quick follow-up on -- rather than Kepware, that was really helpful explanation. The follow-up would be -- was -- is there any mention, maybe we missed it, of the fiscal '21 targets? Are they still in place? Or are you doing any shifting to those targets today?
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, I think it's safe to say that when we come out in November and provide fiscal '20 targets and then revised 2024 targets that there will be a change in '21 as well.
James Heppelmann: Let me say, though, from a guidance standpoint, I know how Kristian feels about this, we -- first of all, we feel that PTC in the scale of things is quite disclosive. What we'd like to do is guide for the current year, guide for the next quarter and then give you a 5-year guide. But every time the 5 year guide becomes a 4 year guide or a 3 year guide because a year has passed, I don't think we want to keep updating all these numbers because at some point, we'd be giving you a number for every one of the next 5 years, and that's just a little too precise, I think, for what we're capable of doing. So we are not trying to take anything off the table, but we're also not want to keep updating everything we ever said even though it no longer fits into the scheme. Hopefully, you understand that. Again, we'd like to give you a 1-year guide, a 1-quarter guide and a 5 year guide and leave it at that and let that all roll forward.
Jackson Ader: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Alex Tout with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead.
Alex Tout: Yes. Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just kind of a follow-up to the last question. I know you don't want to give a precise number on FY '21 right now. But if I look at $850 million in FY '24 and your new guidance for free cash flow this year it's implying 29% free cash flow CAGR from FY '19 to FY '24. You did 15 -- or you're on track to do about 15% constant currency this year. So would you expect a sort of linear acceleration after that 29% level post FY '19? Or if you can give us any kind of idea of what to expect there. And also given everything that you've said about the headwinds going away after FY '19 from a bookings perspective, is the low teens bookings growth still something that you can adhere to post FY '19? Thanks.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. So it's Kristian. Thanks for the question. Listen, I understand and appreciate the desire for more information. I think we're just going to stick to we're going to provide a detailed plan and outlook in November when we get there. I think that the -- that's just the easiest way to do it. So we're just going to stick to that.
Alex Tout: Could I just ask as a follow-up, the support revenues were a little bit light in the quarter. We talked about the churn rates in subscription, but have you seen an increase in the churn rates on the support side of things? And to what would you attribute that?
Kristian Talvitie: No, we actually haven't seen a deterioration in support retention. And as we said earlier, actually, the conversion program in -- effective in the channel actually is working quite well, and we've seen that tick up quite a bit from last year.
James Heppelmann: Kristian, there was another factor here that might explain a little bit of this, and that is that the quarter ended on June 29 for us this quarter. And I'm wondering if that maybe would also play a little bit into this. During the course of the year, we closed our quarters on the Saturday rather than the last day of the month. And so keep in mind that any revenue that would have been recognized on the last day of the quarter, meaning June 30, actually for us ends up in the next quarter. So sometimes, just the quarter ends affect this stuff by little bit, and I'm guessing that's probably what you're seeing.
Timothy Fox: Operator, we have time for one more question, please. Thanks.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. The next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. You may go ahead.
Jason Celino: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So when I think about the kind of your channel commentary, and I appreciate what you're saying around China and Russia, but the areas of -- like your channel has been performing better, above market growth in CAD and PLM. Outside of areas in China and Russia, how did those do in the quarter?
James Heppelmann: In general, the channel had a respectable quarter.
Jason Celino: What is it still above...
James Heppelmann: With significant drop-off in certain geos where we just did not succeed in selling subscription software to people who are used to buying perpetual software from us.
Jason Celino: But outside of areas, your CAD and PLM growth was still above industry CAD/PLM growth?
James Heppelmann: I don't know if it was above, but it was respectable. Not significantly above, not significantly below. I mean, it was not a great quarter for the channel. I think we were clear on that. And that means that most geos did well or decent, respectable. And then a few really took a hit. And it's really that hit from a few geos that affects the overall growth rate. All right. So I think we're out of time, but let me just thank everyone for joining us. I want to reflect actually on a few things that Kristian said as he was talking here. We're talking about a disappointing year, but nonetheless recurring software revenue is going to be up 13%, operating margin is going to be up 400 to 500 basis points, EPS is going to be up 21% at the midpoint, and free cash flow will be around $260 million to $270 million. So actually, though we're disappointed in bookings for the reasons that we elaborated on, the business moved forward quite a bit. And because of the bookings situation, we pushed this very attractive target back a year. But I think it's as attractive as it ever was, and I think it's very, very credible that from this point forward, we can accomplish that target. And you heard Kristian. He has confidence behind it. He's got models behind it. We feel like it's doable. I mean we've got to do it, for sure, but it's certainly an achievable target. So we feel that this has essentially become a transition year. And the fundamentals of the business are very strong, and we're going to continue to grow the ARR and cash flow to very attractive levels. We look forward to talking to you in about 90 days if we don't cross paths sooner, and at that point, we'll be prepared to share a lot more specific financial details with you about what we think fiscal 2020 will look like. So thank you very much, and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. All participants may disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the PTC 2019 Second Quarter Conference Call. This call is being recorded. For today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Thank you, Zhu. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining PTC's conference call to discuss our fiscal Q2 2019 results. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; and Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements including statements regarding future financial guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied with such statements. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in PTC's filings with the SEC including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements included on this call represent the company's view on April 24, 2019. PTC disclaims any obligation to update these statements to reflect future events or circumstances. As a reminder, we will be referring to operating and non-GAAP financial metrics during today's call. Discussion of our operating metrics and the items excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures under both ASC 605 and 606 are included in this afternoon's earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. I'd also like to remind everyone that starting with the first quarter of fiscal 2019; we adopted ASC 606 on a modified retrospective basis. In our press release, and prepared remarks, we've provided results under both 606 and 605 as well as reconciliations between the two. We have also provided guidance under both standards. Finally, please note that the SEC requires the presentation of 605 results for comparability with prior year results. Thus for comparability, our discussion on this call will focus on 605 results unless otherwise stated. Also please note that certain operating metrics such as bookings and ACV, and non-GAAP financial measures such as free cash flow are the same under both 606 and 605. And with that, let me turn it over to Jim.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. Before we discuss our results for the second quarter, I want to start with the other press release that we issued this afternoon which is the appointment of Kristian Talvitie as our new Chief Financial Officer. I'm very pleased to have secured Kristian as our new CFO, and I'm excited to work side-by-side with him as we pursue our long range plan. Many of you already know Kristian, he has a broad business background with more than 25 years of finance and sales and marketing experience. He previously worked at PTC from 2008 to 2016 serving in various executive finance roles under CFO, Jeff Glidden, and Any Miller. For years as our Corporate VP of Finance, Kristian led our annual and long range financial planning efforts including during much of that period where PTC's margins expanded dramatically while growth accelerated. Working for Andy, he led the team who put together our subscription transition plan. Kristian has been identified as our Top internal CFO succession candidate for years. But unfortunately, he was porched away from us in the summer of 2016 when he left PTC to become the CFO of SaaS company, Sovos. Kristian later joined software company, Syncsort as CFO in 2018. With the added experience Kristian gained working for Andy and in these outside CFO roles, he emerged as a very strong leader when compared against dozens of alternative candidates that we considered in the search process. Kristian is a known quantity, he is a proven leader who understands nearly every dimension of our growth strategy, our profit strategy, and our subscription business model because he helped build and implement these strategies during his previous time here. I think that at this time, he's the ideal CFO for PTC who can help us push forward without any disruption in pursuit of our long range plan. I'm very pleased to welcome Kristian back to PTC as our new CFO when he starts on May 15th. That means that this is the last time that Andy will be with us on an earnings call. So I want to take a moment to thank Andy for his significant contribution to PTC's success over the past four years. He's been a great partner to me and the management team. And thanks to the very well managed subscription transition that Andy pulled off at PTC, the company has emerged now as a high growth, high profit subscription company with a bright and promising future. Andy will remain at PTC for a transition period. And he and I will be on the road over the next couple of weeks. So many of you will have the chance to wish him well in person. Turning now to our Q2 results, our financial performance was strong once again this quarter and we continue to make important strides against our major strategic initiatives across the growth margin and subscription fronts. Revenue, operating margin, and EPS each came in above the high-end of guidance. The benefits of our maturing subscription business model were evident this quarter with Q2 ARR of $1.1 billion which showed year-over-year constant currency growth of 15%. Q2 bookings of $112 million was a solid sequential improvement over Q1 and was near the mid-point of our guidance. On a constant currency basis, Q2 bookings grew 18% year-over-year and for the first half of fiscal 2019, bookings are up 9%. I trust you would agree that the single most important thing for PTC at this stage is for our high growth businesses to grow and indeed our IoT business had an exceptional quarter and it appears to be on track to outperform the 30% to 40% market growth rate this year. IoT bookings outperformed our CAD business in Q2 for the first time ever. I expect we'll see this develop into a trend over the coming quarters. With IoT on the verge of becoming the biggest piece of our total bookings pie, while delivering such strong growth, we feel confident that the target of sustainable double-digit bookings growth is achievable. Andy will cover guidance in more detail later in the call but I want to provide some initial context around our updated outlook for the year. We've trimmed our full-year fiscal 2019 bookings guidance by $15 million or 3% at the mid-point reflecting two specific challenges we face, each contributing about half of the bookings reduction. First, as part of our go-to-market transformation, we had planned for a certain level of new IoT and AR sales capacity to support accelerating market demand. Given the tight labor market, we've been operating in for some time now, particularly within enterprise software, competition for top sales talent has extended recruitment times and that's put us a bit behind in our hiring plans. We're very happy with the caliber of new talent coming on board but the slower pace of hiring is modestly impacting bookings in the near-term. We have amped up our recruiting efforts and we expect to close the gap in the back half of the year and exit the year on plan. And we still expect IoT bookings to grow at that high-end of the 30% to 40% market growth rate this year. IoT is showing very strong growth but frankly it's a bit behind our aggressive internal plan due to this shortfall in sales capacity. Secondly, you may recall that entering the fiscal year we made the strategic decision to begin managing several of our smaller matured businesses like ALM and parts of SLM for profit growth rather than revenue and bookings growth. The dynamics of these markets and our position in them isn't nearly as strong as it is in our mainstream CAD and PLM businesses and nothing at all like the opportunities in high growth IoT and AR markets. This change was another logical portfolio move in our ongoing pursuit of higher growth at higher margins. We redeployed a fair amount of sales capacity out of these areas into IoT and AR and focused instead on providing great ALM and SLM solutions for a narrower set of customers' verticals and used cases. The good news is that we're getting a good payback on the IoT and AR resources as both of those businesses showed outstanding success in Q2. But on the negative side while we did plan for fiscal 2019 bookings to decrease in the ALM and SLM businesses, we're tracking to underperform that plan for the year and we've lowered our forecast accordingly. You need not be too concerned though about the long-term effects because these businesses are fairly small. They currently represent only about 5% or $25 million of our full-year bookings forecast. They're just big enough to create a point or two of bookings growth headwind in the near-term but not big enough to be material to any long-term plans around growth and free cash flow. With a tighter and more focused forecast for the second half of the year, we've likewise tightened our related spend in these businesses which is one of the contributors enabling us to maintain our fiscal 2019 operating margin, EPS, and free cash flow targets, despite modestly lower revenue. Before I provide additional detail on the quarterly performance, I'd like to stress that while we revised our top-line outlook for the year for tactical reasons, there's nothing we're seeing in the business that changes the fundamental pillars supporting our long-term financial targets. In fact the performance of our growth business emboldens our belief in what's possible. Let me turn now to the significant progress we're making on key growth initiatives. I'll start by discussing IoT which in terms of reporting includes our AR business. Our Q2 IoT bookings performance was very strong. IoT benefited from the mega deal that had slipped from Q1 but also from four additional large deals greater than $1 million, two of which were delivered by our AR team. Even excluding the mega deal, Q2 year-over-year IoT bookings was well ahead of the 30% to 40% estimated market growth rate, so it was a strong quarter. Consistent with recent quarters, IoT bookings came from a mix of new customer acquisitions and from expansions with the latter accounting for over 60% of Q2 ThingWorx bookings. Digging into the main used cases for industrial IoT, let me begin with the fastest growing subsegment of the market, the manufacturing setting. We closed many new and expansion deals in both discrete and process manufacturing. Examples of some wins include in automotive with Volvo and Bridgestone, in aerospace and defense with BAE Systems. One of our larger Q2 SCO are factory IoT deals was a follow-on transaction with Colfax who you may recall was an early joint customer we closed with Microsoft. The original used case that's in production today at Colfax was a smart connected product used case for aftermarket service optimization. The Q2 expansion was our first foray into Colfax as factory operations and then included both our ThingWorx SCO Solutions and a six figure investment in AR. Colfax as a shining example of an industrial company fully embracing digital transformation, and PTC, along with Microsoft, being there to support them up and down the IoT technology stack and across the enterprise value chain. Elsewhere in SCO, we are pleased to see our strategic alliance with Rockwell Automation continue to gain momentum. On the enablement front training and workshop activity accelerated in Q2 across sales, pre-sales, and services, together now totaling over 1,500 Rockwell Automation employees. Many of these go-to-market resources are regions where PTC has limited SCO resourcing or market presence like China, the South Rim, Korea, and the Middle East. The enablement activity is clearly beginning to bear fruit with the number of Rockwell Automation deals closed in Q2 doubling quarter-over-quarter and nearly 300 new deals added to the pipeline many coming from places like food and beverage, mining, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods that lie beyond PTC's traditional end markets. We were also pleased that in early Q3 Rockwell Automation closed its first expansion deal with Ford for four additional factories, just two quarters after launching the initial pilot. Ford is a good proof point for the rapid ROI that customers can achieve with the joint PTC and Rockwell Factory Talk Innovation Suite. Our confidence around the success of this strategic alliance grows stronger every quarter and we're pleased with the commitment and focus from the Rockwell Automation executive team plus their employees who are supporting our alliance across the globe. In the SCP or Smart Connected Products market, we recorded new wins and expansions across the broad range of customers such as diversified industrial company, Stanley Black & Decker, medical device manufacturer Varian Medical Systems, and global telecom equipment provider Ericsson. We also closed the large expansion deal with one of our earliest and most forward thinking SCP customers, Sysmex, who is a leading global manufacturer of medical diagnostics equipment. The latest expansion included capacity that connect and service additional manufactured products and a six figure Vuforia studio investment to further refine and enhance their aftermarket service. We had a strong quarter on the Microsoft Alliance Front. In Q2, we closed 35 deals, roughly tripled the deal count of Q1, and the active co-sell pipeline has grown to 240. While Microsoft was initially envisioned to be an important element of our smart connected products go-to-market strategy, we are beginning to close a number of deals in factory and AR used cases with them. During the quarter, I traveled to Barcelona to join Satya Nadella, Alex Kipman, and other Microsoft executives in launching their HoloLens 2 at Mobile World Congress. Microsoft featured PTC's Vuforia AR software as their HoloLens 2 industrial showcase. The HoloLens 2 a second generation hands free wearable AR computing device is a big step forward. I expect there'll be strong demand from it, for it, from the industrial world when it starts shipping in volume this summer. And there's no better software to power it than PTC's Vuforia. Drilling a bit more into augmented reality performance, we delivered another exceptionally strong quarter with bookings growth of over 100% versus Q2 of 2018. As I mentioned earlier, we closed our first ever seven figure enterprise AR transactions in Q2, two of them in fact. And similar to what we saw in our IoT business just a few years ago, the volume of six figure deals is accelerating which is a clear indication that commercial AR adoption within the industrial market is broadening. This business is blossoming into a big hit for PTC. Just a few weeks ago we announced our latest AR offering called Vuforia Expert Capture which is a breakthrough solution that provides industrial enterprises with a faster more efficient way to capture and transfer worker expertise in order to improve workforce productivity, quality, safety, and compliance. With retiring worker demographics and other factors driving a major skills gap in the manufacturing industry, there's a critical need for more effective ways to capture and transfer knowledge from existing experts to new workers. Early customer feedback on Vuforia Expert Capture has been extremely positive. For example, semiconductor manufacturer Global Foundries who made a sizable Q2 investment in Expert Capture recognized the significant ROI associated with empowering frontline workers with relevant information in context to get the jobs done quickly and accurately. With our growing portfolio of Industrial AR Solutions supported by next-generation headsets like Microsoft's HoloLens 2, we're confident AR will become an increasingly material to PTC's growth rate over time. To summarize on IoT and AR, Q2 provided another strong data point suggesting that the adoption of both of these technologies continues to accelerate across the range of vertical markets, geographies, and used cases. Let me turn now to our solutions business. Q2 solutions bookings as expected declined modestly year-over-year against a tough comparison in Q2 of 2018, with the biggest driver being the bookings declines in ALM and SLM that I discussed earlier as well as the Q1 2019 end of life for perpetual in Asia-Pacific. Turning first to CAD, for the first half of the year, CAD bookings growth have been in low-double-digits on a constant currency basis well above market growth rate and CAD is on track to meet or beat its plan for the year. Q2 marked the launch of Creo 6.0 and the official launch of Creo Simulation Live, our groundbreaking CAD solution with real time simulation coming from a strategic alliance with ANSYS. We inked deals with 70 customers across nine of the 10 major Geos in a wide variety of vertical industries and with a good mix of direct and channel distribution. As expected, customers are purchasing small quantities of licenses of Creo Simulation Live to prove out the technology. So the near-term impact to overall bookings won't be significant. Also the new capability was initially released in the newer version of Creo and of course many customers can't use this capability in production until they've upgraded their whole system to a version of Creo that hasn't. So to help speed adoption, we're taking the unusual step of back porting the live simulation capabilities into Creo 4.0 to allow customers to adopt the functionality of Creo Simulation Live without going through a major system-wide Creo upgrade first. The Creo 4.0 based release of Creo Simulation Live will come out later this quarter. In summary, we've built a very promising pipeline for Creo Simulation Live, initial customer feedback is good, and we're looking forward to providing more color on commercial adoption in coming quarters. With so much new technology entering the picture, it feels like the Renaissance movement is developing in the CAD market and PTC intends to leverage our improved innovation muscle to lead that Renaissance. We believe that Creo is leapfrogging our competitors with important new capabilities like real time simulation; call based augmented reality design review, leading additive manufacturing capabilities, and rapidly advancing generative design functionality. Our long-term view of the CAD opportunity is more bullish now than it has been for years. Turning to PLM, after getting off to a slow start in Q1, when performance was impacted by large deal slippage, we saw large deal activity return to more normal historical levels in Q2 resulting in a meaningful sequential improvement in this business in year-over-year growth ahead of market growth rates. We received further validation of a strong PLM market position in Q2, with a sizable new competitive win at Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. Mitsubishi is leveraging Windchill open and configurable out of the box applications to reduce time to market, cut costs, and improve quality across their product lines. With Windchill users across the value chain can interact with data dynamically in 3D, both on the screen and through augmented reality. With deployment options including Cloud and On-Prem, Windchill has the flexibility, performance, and scale that companies like Mitsubishi require in their pursuit of industry leadership. To summarize on the bookings front, the combined core CAD and PLM businesses are performing well, while the IoT and AR growth businesses are performing exceptionally well. This performance was offset to a degree by relatively poor performance in our smaller and less strategic ALM and SLM businesses. In combination it produced a solid quarter with bookings up 11% sequentially and 18% year-over-year. On the margin front, we executed well in Q2 with margins coming in above guidance and up substantially year-over-year. On the subscription front, the Q2 subscription mix of 91% was aligned with the low 90s expectation we set years ago regarding what the exit of the transition would look like. Anybody who might have been alarmed by Q1s surprisingly low subscription mix of 58% due to last time perpetual buys should now be comforted by the 3,300 basis points of sequential mix improvement from Q1 to Q2. Having achieved the expected exit mix while maintaining solid performance on bookings, it should be clear that we've successfully transitioned to recurring software sales, while retaining the customer relationships and keeping our growth story intact. I think now for sure we can declare success on our transition to subscription even though it will take more time for all the positive effects to fully catch-up with us. To wrap up my comments, I'm excited to have Kristian Talvitie as our new CFO and in the very same breath can reiterate PTC's commitment to pursuit of our long range plan including delivering $850 million of free cash flow in fiscal 2023. Kristian is brought into our growth and margin strategies as he was one of the authors of the original 2021 long range plan that we presented in November of 2015. We did make a modest reduction in our near-term outlook for the balance of fiscal 2019, as we work through some growing pains, but we continue to forecast mid-teens recurring software growth this year with no change to EPS and free cash flow, and our long-term outlook for revenue, margins, EPS, and cash flow remains unchanged. Our leadership position in the high growth IoT and AR markets, together with exciting new opportunities for growth in our core business, and momentum in our key strategic alliances, gives us confidence in our ability to drive sustained long-term growth. It's my view that we remain firmly on track with our plans to transform PTC into one of the world's premier high growth, high profit recurring revenue software companies. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Miller: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon everyone. I'd like to start by saying that it really has been a privilege to work at PTC for the past four-plus-years and I want to thank Jim and the board for the opportunity. Kristian and I worked together during my first year-and-a-half at PTC and I'm confident he'll take the ball and run with it. Kristian joins in the middle of May and I'll be around to assist with a smooth transition. Before I dive into our results, I'd like to note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance and all growth rate references will be in constant currency. And as Tim mentioned earlier, we adopted the new RevRec standard ASC 606 under the modified retrospective method on October 1, 2018. Since we had no baseline for last year under 606, for comparability purposes, I will be discussing 605 results unless otherwise stated. Also please note that certain operating and non-GAAP financial metrics such as bookings, ACV, and free cash flow are the same under 606 and 605. Moving to our second quarter results, our Q2 financial performance exceeded the high-end of our guidance on revenue, operating margin, and EPS. Q2 bookings of $112 million were around the mid-point of our guidance range, an increase of 11% sequentially over Q1, and 18% year-over-year. Subscription mix of 91% was the highest level recorded since we began our subscription journey at the start of fiscal 2016. And with our subscription transition complete, we expect the subscription mix well into the 90s going forward. Moving to the income statement, under the new revenue standard ASC 606, total revenue in Q2 was $291 million, operating margin was 15%, and EPS was $0.22 all within our guidance ranges. Under ASC 605, total revenue in Q2 was $316 million, up 6% year-over-year and software revenue was $277 million, an increase of 8% despite a 1,300 basis point increase in subscription mix. Subscription revenue grew 47% and total recurring software revenues grew 14%. Please refer to our prepared remarks document on our website where we reconcile our 606 results to our 605 results. ARR grew 15% year-on-year to $1.07 billion. During Q2, we converted 15 direct customers from support to subscription at an ACD uplift of approximately 50% and we continued to make progress with our channel conversion program with 93 conversions in the core. Continuing through the 605 P&L, Q2 operating margin of 21% was 100 basis points above the high-end of guidance and an increase of 300 basis points year-over-year, despite a 1.300 basis points higher subscription mix. We estimate the higher subscription mix negatively impacts operating margin by about 350 basis points as compared to last year. EPS of $0.38 was $0.02 above the high-end of guidance reflecting continued discipline on total spending. Now let me turn to guidance. We have provided ASC 606 guidance in our press release and prepared remarks. Given we have no comparative historical results for 606 on this call; I'll focus my discussion on the highlights of our 605 guidance. For the full-year, we now expect bookings in the range of $485 million to $505 million. This represents growth of 7% to 11% year-over-year. As Jim described earlier, about half of the $15 million decrease in our bookings guidance is being driven by a slower ramp in new IoT and AR sales capacity. Yet even with the lower bookings forecast, we expect IoT and AR to grow at the higher end of the market growth rate of 30% to 40% this year. The other half is coming from lower bookings in ALM and parts of SLM, two mature businesses that are now being managed for profit as opposed to bookings and revenue growth. We continue to expect a full-year subscription mix of 86% and to exit the year in Q4 with about a 94% mix. We are trimming fiscal 2019 total revenue by $13 million at the mid-point to a range of $1.31 billion to $1.33 billion which represents growth of 7% to 8% year-over-year driven by software revenue growth of 9% to 10% despite a 1,000 basis point increase in subscription mix. The $13 million decrease in revenue reflects $6 million less software revenue due to lower bookings, a $4 million FX headwind relative to our prior guidance, and $3 million lower services revenue. Recurring software revenue is now expected to be $1.09 billion to $1.1 billion, growth of 14% to 15% and recurring software revenue is expected to be 94% of total software revenue for the year. We are maintaining our fiscal 2019 operating margin guidance of 23% representing a year-over-year increase of approximately 400 basis points reflecting tighter spending control. We now expect OpEx to increase only 3% year-over-year in constant currency below our long range target of half the bookings growth rate. Our effective tax rate is still expected to be 18% to 19% resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $1.75 to $1.85 no change from our prior guidance which is approximately 24% growth at the mid-point. We are also maintaining our free cash flow guidance of $265 million to $275 million and our adjusted free cash flow guidance of $290 million to $300 million which excludes cash payments for restructuring of $25 million. As with operating margin, we expect free cash flow to accelerate significantly in fiscal 2020, as the subscription model matures, and as our CapEx returns to historical levels of about $30 million. We remain committed to a balanced capital strategy in addition to the $1 billion ASR we entered into in Q4 of 2018 which we expect to close out this quarter. We intend to repurchase shares equal to at least 40% of FY 2019 free cash flow. In Q2, we used $65 million to repurchase 725,000 shares at an average price of $89.60. Turning now to Q3 guidance under ASC 605. We expect bookings in the range of $110 million to $120 million, total revenue is expected to be in the range of $320 million to $325 million, Q3 operating expenses are expected to be $190 million to $192 million, up sequentially primarily due to LiveWorx in June resulting in operating margin in a range of 18% to 19% and EPS of $0.31 to $0.36. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Saket Kalia: Hey Andy, hey Jim. Jim maybe just to stick to the one question rule here and ask you this. We talked about the sales capacity issues and the new strategy with ALM and SLM but I'm curious what your latest thoughts on the macro backdrop are, the last couple of quarters have been a little tougher on the bookings front really at the same time that some of the PMI readings have been softening. How do you think about that vis-à-vis the business and what's the latest view from the ground now on the macro backdrop?
Jim Heppelmann: Well, first I would acknowledge the PMIs have come down a little more. They weren't great and they've come down a little bit from where they were let's say 90 days ago. U.S. is still better than the rest of the world but I think if we look back at our Q2 for example, we had a very strong quarter in Europe and the PMIs say we shouldn't have. And if you go back to some of the Q1 deals that slipped, we ended up getting nearly two-thirds of them in Q2 and the rest are still in place. So I think we own up to some sales execution issues related really to getting behind in the air and particularly in hiring. And then some tactical issues around this ALM strategy which I think we still made the right decision there because we're playing the long game and we made a decision that has some short-term risk but should pay off in the long-term. So I think we still feel like the headwinds that have knocked us a couple of points off plan really aren't macro related. But that said I acknowledge the macro situation is not great and it's not getting better but it's not a disaster either. So I think we just feel like we're having a decent year but we aimed higher than that. And if you look at the difference between what we're currently forecasting and what we had hoped to deliver, I think we own it in sales execution issues.
Andrew Miller: Saket, a couple of things I’d like to add. First off during the quarter large deals returned to like right around the mid-point of the normal level. We say it's 20% to 40% of bookings is actually just above the mid-point of that so a good number of large deals. The other thing that I would highlight also is that with IoT actually this quarter being our biggest business from a bookings perspective actually by a substantial amount, it does show the fact that high growth secular market definitely is less impacted than others by macros. So anyway we feel good about the fact that the biggest piece of the business is a high growth secular market that we lead today.
Saket Kalia: Got it, very helpful. Thanks guys. I'll get back in queue.
Jim Heppelmann: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. You may go ahead.
Matt Swanson: Thanks. This is actually Matt Swanson on for Matt. In the last two quarters, we've been seeing some different sales force challenges last quarter, the restructuring, in this quarter with the hiring. Is there anything else you would point to maybe with the expanding product portfolio specifically around sales cycles, pipeline management, or the ability to ramp existing reps or do you feel like you've really zeroed in on those specific issues?
Jim Heppelmann: Well, let me let me say that the issue we had last quarter is actually pretty much related to the issue we had this quarter which is we have two things happening here. One, is we need more reps in general to support our growth, okay. The second thing is we made a conscious decision to take more risk in businesses whose futures aren't that promising in order to execute better on the businesses whose futures are extremely promising. So you could imagine, we both shifted resources within last year's pool towards the direction of IoT and AR, while trying to add a substantial increment of new resources to support the incremental new growth over last year. And if you kind of think about this, we might say the IoT market's growing at 30% to 40% but PTC aimed higher than that. And why do we aim higher. Well because with inside of IoT, we have this AR thing that's growing triple digits, did grow triple digits last year and I'm sorry last quarter and close to that last year. So our view is separate from what the long range plan says, we should be able to do better than the IoT market because we have this AR thing and this hot IoT thing. So we're pouring resources into that and hiring a lot and we're just -- we would be hiring. Now we've realized we've got to ramp up our recruiting capacity and we need to get back on plan. So there's a big effort to do that but I think it's just a case of not moving fast enough to put in place the capacity needed to deliver on the growth. And I'll remind you the capacity we did put in place delivered. So we're pleased with what happened but disappointed with what we didn't quite get done in time. But it's not a new problem, it's kind of a maybe a hangover from that previous problem and the fact that we didn't get it completely buttoned up within the second quarter.
Matt Swanson: Thanks, that's really helpful. And then, Jim, it was great to hear it sound like it was a successful quarter for the Microsoft partnership. Microsoft made an announcement with BMW during the quarter about an open manufacturing platform. Did you have any comment on that if that is any change in the relationship or is that something separate?
Jim Heppelmann: No material impact on the relationship. What they're trying to solve for is that when the company like BMW builds a new factory and brings in all this dissimilar equipment, it's frustrating to them and it doesn't work better together. Now one strategy is to get everybody to agree on kind of a more open or standards based approach. The other strategy is wheel and cap wear and make it work anyway. So someday when the world's perfect and everybody supports standards and everybody threw away their old equipment, we won't need cap wear anymore. But in the meantime everybody needs it. So I think you should think that that BMW is a bit frustrated with diversity that doesn't integrate Microsoft would like to drive standards that actually are already standards but they'd like to push them harder. We actually support that. But in the meantime cap wear is very, very important because nobody has Greenfield factories anyway.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities. You may go ahead.
Steve Koenig: Hi gentlemen. Thanks for taking my questions. Congratulations on getting Kristian back to PTC. That'll be a welcome addition to the team and thank you to Andy for the great work you've done on the subscription transition and anything else. I wanted to dig in if you guys will allow me on IoT, so some of the statements you've made. I'm just trying to rationalize some of them. So if I heard you correctly, in Q2, you saw IoT bookings above 40% and you did see a number of expansions and some mega deals but you also said you're short of your internal plan for IoT and you've taken down your bookings guide in part due to this being behind in sales aren't for IoT. Why I guess that pegs the question without giving numbers necessarily that you're not ready to give. What is your internal plan for IoT? I mean how aggressive is it and have you now moderated it to something more realistic and I guess the other part of the question is why not have confidence that you can continue to do some of these bigger IoT deals and make your resources, have your resources probably becoming more productive in IoT and you've got Rockwell. So I guess I'm trying to understand kind of a cut to the bookings guide in the context of the IoT contributions of that cut just given a real quarter why is that?
Andrew Miller: I think clarified a few numbers just because we repeated them but just to make sure they stay at home. So first-off for the full-year we expect IoT bookings at the high-end of that 40% growth rate even with the fact that we're going to have less firepower. In Q2, IoT bookings were not only above 40% in total but even if you exclude the $7.5 million mega deal, it was still above that 40% level. So it was a huge quarter for IoT in Q2. Okay, so just so that the back half there. Our bookings take down a $15 million, $1 million for that was basically FX and the rest about $7 million a piece was a reduction in ALM and SLM and the other with a $7 million reduction in IoT. So that's pretty small when you think about the size in priority bookings that's a couple 100 basis points.
Jim Heppelmann: And I'm glad you asked the question, Steve, because I do think it's important to rationalize how you think about this versus how we think about it. See we report IoT inclusive of AR to you. But internally, we have an IoT number and an AR number. And the IoT number is 30% to 40% let's say but AR number is more or like triple digits and that business is becoming big enough to move the needle. So when you add them together, our internal plan is well more than 40% simply because we're thinking of adding two strong growth things together. Now remember we always said AR was a tailwind against our long range plans and we see it happening. If we put IoT and AR together and only aim for a 30% to 40% moving business on the table, we'd be losing market share. So we aimed higher and we're actually coming in higher but we're not coming in as high as we aimed because we're short of capacity to get there. Hopefully that cleans it up.
Andrew Miller: Yes, and Steve I want to add a point. We're pretty disciplined in our forecast and our guidance. Our forecast and guidance is based upon the pipeline as we see it today, historic close rates, lots of analytics, sales firepower, and when we look at all that together, we felt that was appropriate to reduce the number of buy, you know.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, but again just the key point is if we did 30% to 40% on the combo of IoT and AR, we would be disappointed.
Steve Koenig: Got it. Got it. If I may ask one corollary and then I'll pass the baton here. Can you give us any color on in terms of the sales hiring you want to do? I guess my read is you want to do a lot more Vuforia than you're doing, given the growth rates there. Are those sales people segmented by product AR versus IoT or do they pursue all opportunities kind of maybe any of the dynamics there would be helpful.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I mean it's a fairly sophisticated system. So there are full product line sellers who sell everything including IoT and AR. There are some people who pursue IoT all day long, and, yes, there is a new force just implemented in the last really this year that leads with AR because there are many AR opportunities that you wouldn't expect an IoT seller to find because they're kind of hunting in the wrong place. We have lots of different ways into an opportunity and some opportunities we start with IoT and bringing AR and others are just AR or frankly what we found some places I named one of the accounts is what starts as an AR opportunity actually ends up dragging in ThingWorx because they say we need to get more data in order to feed this AR machine. And then we say okay, well we actually have a pretty nice product for that called ThingWorx. So yes, we have dedicated sellers on both and of course full product line reps that can sell all of the above.
Steve Koenig: Got it, okay great. Well thank you for answering my questions and congrats again on bringing Kristian on board.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, great. Glad to see your support.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. You may go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening Jim and Andy. Continuing on the line of questioning regarding sales or sales headcount. Can we just parse through a couple of things here? I appreciate what you said about the competition from labor because not only have you significantly expanded your aperture of open recs, your direct competitor have certainly done so including in particular for sales. So I understand why it might be harder. On the other hand, just doing monthly checks that we do your average number of sales openings for the year-to-date is double the number that you had on average open last year. So maybe you could talk a little bit in more detail about how many you've actually brought on and you've also made the point over time like other companies that it always takes time anyway for sales to ramp up to productivity. So why would be a relatively short-term impediment to hiring necessarily have had a significant effect on booking since new salespeople wouldn't be that productive right away anyway?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I don't have the exact data in front of me as I sit here in our studio. I looked at the data with Andy yesterday but I don't have it here in the room with me. So I can't quote the numbers but if you look at the IoT and AR capacity, we were mid-quarter about 15% behind. But we're already catching up. But the fact that we were behind will hurt us in the back half of the year against that very aggressive plan. And so we think that we'll be in a position where it won't hurt us next year. And anyway we'll plan next year around the reality of where we are. And we feel like we'll be in a good place. But we're really paying the penalty in the back half for having fallen behind previously even though we're already beginning to catch-up. So it's sort of no easy fix for the fact that we didn't earlier in the quarter bring on enough people. And though we're making progress now, no way to back up and make that problem go away.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Understood. As follow-up regarding -- as follow-up on the CAD business, I like the fact that for the last number of months now starting with the Frustum acquisition, you sounded more positive about it in terms of your thinking about where the business is going, for the last let’s say three years by my calculation your compound growth rate for new Creo licenses has been at least in the mid-single-digits maybe more versus low-single-digits in the prior three year period and you've re-grown your active base. How are you thinking about the progression of the Creo business in that respect over the next number of years, you think mid-single or better new license growth, all of SolidWorks and others is sustainable or do you think you might end up reverting back to where you were?
Andrew Miller: So before we answer, Jay, I just want to put the facts out there. We disclosed that the last two years CAD grew high-single-digits and for the first half of this year, we've grown low-double-digits.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, but getting to the gist of your question, our long range plan assumes CAD grows 4%. Okay, we'd like to do better than that. We think we can do better than that. It's a bit like the IoT and the AR discussion we were just having just because that was our long range plan doesn't mean as this year's plan. So we're aiming higher and part of our confidence which I think you realize is that our channel has done so much better and we all know that the growth in the CAD market is in the low-end and for many years, PTC did not participate in this growth and now we are and our channel is doing well and has been doing well for some time. In fact, if you look at the Creo Simulation Live transactions, if you look at it by transactions you get one story. If you look at it by dollar volume, you get a different story. But the transaction volume the majority of it came from the channel which means our channel is using Creo Simulation Live to differentiate in upsell and cross-sell and so forth. And that's exciting because I think that will lift the win rate. And so again we have a long range plan that has, as Andy always said, remember with that shape of risk curve, there's risk and then there is some factors that could help us outperform. AR is not contemplated in that plan but it's a smoking hot business right now. And similarly a higher win rate in the channel because of many improvements in Creo including Creo Simulation Live is not really contemplated in the 4% growth plan. So that said we have challenges too. So I think we feel like, yes, we have challenges but we have some things that are really working and bode well for the future too. And so we feel confident that the plan, the long range plan is the long range plan. We feel good about it.
Andrew Miller: And, Jim made one statement a couple of times in the prepared remarks which was to achieve the long range plan, the most important thing is that our growth businesses grow. And that's what's happening right now. And that's what we're forecasting for the rest of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. You may go ahead.
Andrew Miller: Hi, Sterling.
Jackson Ader: Great, thanks. Hi guys, this is Jackson Ader on for Sterling tonight. Hi question from our side would be have there been any attempts or can you give us any color as to maybe rather than going out and just flatly hiring brand new sales reps to triangulate for the IoT and the AR opportunity. Have you had much more any success shifting internal sales reps from maybe some of these businesses that aren't growing as quickly over to the high growth areas? Any color qualitatively you could give us on that?
Jim Heppelmann: We have, I mean, that's a little bit what we got burned on in this past quarter. I mean if you want to call it that, as we did shift a lot of resources which by the way meant that we had to double hire again because in general we didn't shift. In general, we replaced because somebody selling a mature old legacy product isn't necessarily the exact same profile of a Hunter who sells a hot new high tech, hot technology. They tend to be different profiles. So we didn't shift, we shifted the headcount, we didn't so much shift the people. And I think it was not appropriate in general to shift the people. There is certainly exceptions to that. So that put more burden on both higher incremental and rehire replacement capacity. So I mean it's a good strategy, we're executing that strategy. We knew there were some risk and we had pretty -- we had plans --
Andrew Miller: We had planned ALM and SLM, partnering SLM to begin.
Jim Heppelmann: Right. But the key thing to remember here I said this but I think it's worth reiterating is it those are small businesses whose future is not that promising. And so rather than try to get one last year or so of growth out of a small business is not that promising, we'd rather take even more share in places like IoT and AR where our products are best-in-class and the markets are growing like a weed. And so we did that and it just put a lot of hiring pressure on us and we got behind in it. So that's kind of the story. But again it really comes down to not so much transferring people is transferring headcount.
Jackson Ader: Okay, all right and thank you.
Andrew Miller: There's one other thing that I want to also clarify and that is that, this year 94% of our software revenue is recurring and that's growing our forecast. Our guidance is for that to grow in -- at the 14% to 15% rate. So while we had to trim a bit, it's still very strong performance.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. You may go ahead.
Ken Talanian: Hi thanks for taking the question. So you'd previously provided some pie charts in your source book way back that suggested that the combination of this ALM and SLM businesses were, if I estimate something around 18% of bookings in fiscal 2015. And it sounds like it's a bit smaller to 5%. I'm curious does that vary quite a bit year-to-year and then going forward how should we think about the rate of decline for those bookings and the potential tailwind that those -- that you might have to margins from the change in strategy to this business?
Andrew Miller: First I want to clarify that we highlighted that it was ALM and parts of SLM, okay? But there is variability.
Jim Heppelmann: But true enough but let's just take the 18% and think about it 18% in FY 2015 where our bookings have grown a lot since FY 2015. This has not been a growth engine --
Andrew Miller: Couple of hundred million.
Jim Heppelmann: Right. So this has not been a growth engine. So what would have been 18% in FY 2015 is actually --
Andrew Miller: Probably 10%/
Jim Heppelmann: Probably 10% already.
Andrew Miller: Yes.
Jim Heppelmann: And I remember we plan the year down.
Andrew Miller: Yes.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. So maybe if it was 10% and again I'm just saying directionally here maybe if it was 10%, we plan for it to be 7% or 8% and it ended up being 5%.
Andrew Miller: Yes.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. So that's kind of that, that's very crude back of the envelope math that gets you from your 18%to our 5%.
Ken Talanian: Got it. And how should we think about the potential tailwind to margins from?
Jim Heppelmann: Keep reminding, we're talking about bookings. This is very sticky software highly renewed. So the revenue is not going down. The revenue is quite stable and maybe even growing. It's actually is been consistently growing since FY 2015.
Andrew Miller: Exactly.
Jim Heppelmann: So you shouldn't think of this as headwind to bookings. And the worst case take the 5% to 0 write it off and it doesn't really have a big impact on our 2021 and 2023 plans. I mean it's a modest headwind for sure but again we have a big tailwind still and we're investing in the tailwinds and perhaps taking risks in places like this.
Andrew Miller: Yes. And actually from EPS and free cash flow perspective, it really -- it doesn't have any impact at all. We actually plan -- we did not plan that ALM or SLM were driving increases in free cash flow and EPS. So that's the important thing to realize, the drivers and the increases in free cash flow and EPS are one the compounding benefit of the subscription in general and this is sticky software so that continues. And the second thing is really the biggest piece is IoT and AR. So that's how we've looked at our long range plan. We do not believe that this trimming of the top-line impacts next year or frankly the years after that from a revenue, EPS, operating margin, or free cash flow perspective. And the fact we're holding our EPS operating margin and free cash flow guidance for this year is the biggest indicator of that.
Ken Talanian: Very helpful.
Jim Heppelmann: The key point is that we've also taken cost out.
Andrew Miller: Yes. So we're managing those business for profit expansion not revenue expansion.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, in fact if you want go and read Geoffrey Moore's book on Zone to Win and read about the productivity zone. Those are in the productivity zone.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel. You may go ahead.
Adam Borg: Great. And thanks for taking the question guys. Just on Rockwell, it's nice to see continued progress and I guess just two parts, one how is Rockwell tracking versus your internal expectations and I guess two, how the tracking versus the full-year commit minimum? Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. So it's early for Rockwell and I'll remind you the first transaction we ever do with Rockwell was Ford and that just up sold from one factory to now five. So think about that is to this point, we've been planting seeds and we're hopeful. We're -- the very first seed has matriculated and now we're hoping that more start while we continue to plant more. So certainly we're still largely in seed planting mode with Rockwell but they have some amazing customers and they are completely dedicated and I think I actually detect that they love selling our software because their competitors have nothing like it. And I think I've pointed out to you guys before the first factory we did at Ford did not have Rockwell equipment and it had a competitor's equipment. But now Rockwell is in a position to own the strategic high ground and in account like Ford that's great for them and it's great for us. So I think it's going well but you've got to plant a lot of seeds and give them time to mature before you get the meaningful business. But that's apparently starting now.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ken Wong with Guggenheim Securities. You may go ahead.
Ken Wong: Great, thanks for taking my question guys. Hey Jim, you mentioned that you guys closed 65% of the $20 million in slippage, so already well ahead of what you guys are expecting. I guess one how should we think about the remaining kind of roughly $7 million. Is that baked in the guide and then any impact from SLM, ALM on that potential extra $7 million?
Jim Heppelmann: Well everything is baked in the guidance because we contemplate everything when we think about how best to guide. The $7 million basically I don't think any of it really went away, so it's just business that slipped into later in the year which, you know, as we said in the last call means we're still spending energy on it. When you close a deal down, you can pass it off to go to the next group who implements and so forth and go on to selling something else and as long as you haven't closed it down, you're still wasting energy on it. But I think that's all contemplated in what we said last quarter and then what we said this quarter.
Andrew Miller: Yes, a good piece of it is in the Q3 pipeline. And then I think there is a deal that either Q3, Q4 and it's kind of straddling when it might close.
Operator: Thank you. Participants please standby for closing remarks from Jim.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay, great. Well thank you operator. I'd like to thank you all for joining the call and spending an hour with us this afternoon. You know if I want to summarize, I think we had a solid quarter against all the key top and bottom-line financial metrics. We landed a CFO who is going to hit the ground running in support of our long range plan. I think the 3,300 basis points of sequential increase in the Q2 subscription mix proved that that transition is behind us. And now with the subscription mix stabilizing in the 90s, going forward this compounding benefit of the new business model will accelerate and start to catch-up with us and revenue and earnings growth is going to happen in the back half of this year and throughout next year. Our CAD and PLM business was solid and our IoT and AR business outperformed any assumptions that people would had about that 30% to 40% market growth rate. And we're on track to outperform that for the year. I think another important milestone that happened is the tipping point, the first sign of the tipping point where IoT becomes our biggest business was witnessed in the quarter. So I acknowledge that Q2 wasn't a perfect quarter because we've trimmed our near-term guidance on the top-line. But I trust you can see and I hope feel that we're in a good place overall. And hopefully you can see we're still pretty excited about and committed to that long range plan that lies ahead of us. So one last thing in closing, I want to extend an invitation for you to join our Flagship Technology event called LiveWorx. This is going to be held in Boston starting on June 11th. I hope you can make it in person because in addition to be able to mingle with our ecosystem of customers and partners and employees, you're going to have access to an extended investor session again this year that we plan to post at the event. It's a great event. People have come in the past have loved it and I promise will be worth your time if you come. So if you want to come please reach out to the Investor Relations department and they'll help get you set up. So we hope to see at LiveWorx or at some other upcoming investor event and if not look forward to talking to you in about 90 more days. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference call. All participants may disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-01-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the PTC 2019 First Quarter Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. Today's call is being recorded, if anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Thank you, good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining PTC's conference call to discuss our fiscal Q1 2019 results. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Cohen, Chief Strategy Officer. Before we get started please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements including statements regarding future financial guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in PTC's filings with the SEC including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements included on this call represent the company's view on January 23, 2019. PTC disclaims any obligation to update these statements to reflect future events or circumstances. As a reminder, we will be referring to some non-GAAP financial metrics during today's call. I'd also like to remind everyone that starting with the first quarter of fiscal 2019; we adopted the new revenue recognition accounting standard otherwise referred to as ASC 606 on a modified retrospective basis. In our press release, and prepared remarks, which have been posted to our Investor Relations website has required when adopted under the modified retrospective approach, we have provided results under both 606 and 605 as well as reconciliation between the two. We have also provided guidance under both standards. Please note that the SEC requires the presentation of 605 results for comparability with prior year results. Thus for such comparability, our discussion on this call will focus on 605 results unless otherwise stated since we have no baseline for last year under 606. Also please note that certain operating metrics such as bookings and ACV, and non-GAAP financial measures such as free cash flow are the same under both 606 and 605. A discussion of these items that excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures under both ASC 606 and 605 are included in this afternoon's earnings release and related Form 8-K. And with that, let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks Tim. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. Before we discuss our results for the first quarter, I want to start with the other press release we issued this afternoon which is the announcement of Andy Miller's intention to retire as our CFO later this fiscal year. Andy joined us four years ago and he's played an integral role in PTC's transformation. He's been a great CFO overall but his most important accomplishment the one we were recruiting for back when we hired him has been leading PTC's transition to a subscription business model. I'm pleased to say that with the last round of changes made on January 1st, we have implemented all of the subscription transition program elements and they have achieved their desired effects, so the subscription transition program is now effectively complete. As of now with the small exception of Kepware, we only sell subscription software across our mainstream product lines and geographies. This was a critical milestone for us and the one that we achieved relatively quickly as compared to similar transitions done by our software peers. While we have ongoing work to do to further optimize our subscription business model, I trust you would agree that we can officially declare victory on the very large and strategic transition program. Now, if you know Andy Miller, you know he's a proud Silicon Valley native, so having accomplished this big milestone at PTC and following more than three decades as a successful finance leader, Andy, has decided to retire and move back to California to spend more time with his family and friends and do board work going forward. To ensure an orderly transition, Andy, has offered to continue as CFO until his successor is fully in place through the balance of the fiscal year if needed. A comprehensive search for his replacement has already started. With the business model transition behind us we'll focus on finding a seasoned subscription software growth CFO who has what it takes to help us to continue to optimize and evolve our business and to execute on the growth and profitability expansion strategy characterized by our attractive 2023 long range plan. Andy will be around for a while, so we'll save the thank you's and good bye's for future earnings calls down the road. Turning now to our Q1 results, our financial performance in the quarter was strong and we made important strides against our major strategic initiatives during the quarter. Revenue, operating margin, and EPS each came in well above the high-end of our guidance. Software revenue was well above our guidance driven in part by strong recurring software revenue but more so from higher than expected last time perpetual license purchases in APAC, Asia-Pacific. Keep in mind that the past quarter represented the final last-time buy opportunity across all of our geographies and therefore this earnings call should be the last time we discuss subscription mix in a meaningful way going forward. In Q1, even after adjusting back to the subscription mix we guided to, revenue would still have been in our guidance range, and EPS would have exceeded the high-end of the range. Bookings of $101 million was within our guidance range albeit toward the lower end. We had nine larger subscription deals in the Americas and EMEA that pushed out of Q1 including a strategic IoT mega deal in Europe and altogether these deals totaled over $20 million. This includes around $2 million in larger U.S. government deals the slip because of the government shutdown that began on December 22nd simply because there was nobody there to process the deals. Partially offsetting the slippage was tremendous strength in Asia-Pacific driven in part by the last time perpetual buyers I noted earlier, but also some large competitive wins in the region including a major enterprise win at Huawei, who had $100 billion of revenues is the largest private company in China. As we had shared with you in the past, timing of large deals can be unpredictable and getting large deals across the finish line in the Americas and Europe proved to be more challenging in Q1 than we had anticipated. While it would be convenient to blame the slip deals on the economy after analyzing each of them in depth, we don't really believe that to be the general case. With hindsight, it appears more likely that the go-to-market realignment that we announced last quarter impacted our sales organizations ability to get a fast start in the new fiscal year and then we simply ran out of time in a quarter that for PTC closed already on December 29th. Outside our large deal performance, our base business which represents our channel business, along with small and medium size direct bookings, grew in the mid teens which I view is a positive macro sign. In the past there have been times when slipping of big deals was an indicator of emerging macro challenges, so naturally we are alert to that. While global PMIs are generally still in positive territory, they have been softening and the overall macro environment appears more uncertain than it did just four to five weeks ago, thanks to a combination of factors such as weakness in Germany and China, ongoing trade tensions, the government shutdown, and significant stock market volatility. Taking all of this into consideration, we are a notch more cautious about the macro environment than we were previously and we'll continue to keep a close eye on it. You will note however that we are not changing our full-year total bookings guidance. The one change we are making is related to the mix. We now expect slightly more perpetual bookings based on Q1's over performance and this perpetual upside will offset a more cautious feel of the macro resulting then in slightly lower subscription bookings guidance on balance. The net effect is that the total bookings guide remains the same but with a slight change in subscription mix for the year. Even though the slip subscription deals are forecasted to close in Q2, and some appear imminent, we do not believe it would be prudent to assume we fully catch-up such that we deliver our prior subscription bookings guidance especially with the current uncertainty around the macro. Instead the math in our guidance suggest that we're assuming we catch-up a little under half of the slip deals in the balance of the fiscal year. Given our subscription business model where most of the revenue is recurring, this modest change in the mix of bookings slightly benefits the current year financial performance or guidance where we've raised revenue, EPS, and free cash flow for the year. But it does not have a significant impact on our long range targets. We're confident that our workforce realignment activities in the field are behind us now and see several positive tailwinds developing in our business such as our alliances of Rockwell Automation and ANSYS which as they mature could help cushion against a potentially softer demand environment. Andy will of course discuss our guidance in more detail later in the call. Turning now to some additional details on a quarterly performance, I will once again orient my discussion around on three strategic initiatives to maximize long-term shareholder value which are first, to increase the top-line growth, second, convert to a subscription model, and third, to expand our margins. Let me start by discussing our progress on the growth front. Bookings in Q1 were flat year-over-year on a constant currency basis but as I mentioned there were several puts and takes that factored into our Q1 performance. From a geographic perspective, APAC was the clear standout region in the quarter with bookings benefiting in part from last time perpetual purchases but also from strong underlying performance in both core solutions and IoT. Even after normalizing for the last time perpetual buys, we estimate that APAC bookings would have grown in double-digits. Booking performance in the Americas and Europe were down year-over-year due to impacts of the large deal slippage. From a business unit perspective, Q1 IoT performance, inclusive of our AR business, was solid with recurring software revenue growth of 35% constant currency year-over-year reflecting the strong bookings growth we've delivered over the past two years and the compounding benefit of our maturing subscription model. IoT bookings continue to benefit from a healthy mix of new customer acquisition and from expansions with the latter accounting for 60% of Q1 ThingWorx bookings. During the quarter deal spanned the three major industrial IoT used cases we focus on across geographies and across a broad set of vertical markets. Let me begin with SCO or Smart Connected Operations which is one of the faster growing sub segments of the IIoT market. We closed many new and expansion deals in both discrete and process manufacturing. Examples of some of the wins include in diversified consumer manufacturing with Koehler, in aerospace with Pratt & Whitney and UTC Aerospace, in industrials with Manitowoc, and in the semiconductor space with Micron Taiwan. Elsewhere in SCO, we are pleased to see our strategic alliance with Rockwell Automation continue to take shape across several important dimensions. On the enablement front, there was a surge of training and workshop activity in sales, pre-sales, and services, together reaching well over 500 Rockwell Automation employees across the globe including in regions where PTC has limited SCO resourcing or market presence like China, the South Rim, Korea, and the Middle East. After closing its first set of deals in our fiscal fourth quarter including an initial pilot with Ford's Truck division, Rockwell Automation closed a dozen Q1 deals, many in verticals that are not in PTC's traditional end markets like food and beverage, mining, pharmaceuticals, and consumer packaged goods. And importantly Rockwell Automation's pipeline is growing rapidly with hundreds of opportunities now being worked across the globe. With solid progress on product integration and sales enablement, the velocity of transactions is picking up and an impressive pipeline is already forming, so we're even more confident today that this strategic alliance will be a key element of our growth story in the coming years. I've been on the few sales calls with Rockwell Automation's CEO, Blake Moret, lately, and I can tell you that Rockwell's customers are very receptive to hearing with the joint PTC and Rockwell Factory Talk Innovation Suite can do for them. In the SCP or Smart Connected Product market, we recorded new wins and expansions across a broad range of industrial companies such as diversified manufacturing and services company Jabil Circuit and electric motor and power generation manufacturer Regal Beloit and mining and drilling manufacturer Boart Longyear. On the Microsoft Alliance front, which is an important element to our SCP's strategy, we closed 10 deals in Q1 and at this point there are more than 210 active co-sell opportunities in the global pipeline. Lastly in IoT, we had some nice wins in Smart Connected Systems which is underpinned by our Navigate offering. As further evidenced that industrial IoT is going global, we secured a major strategic IoT win in Q1 with Huawei. Huawei has begun a series of digital initiatives intended to fundamentally transform its processes and systems to improve time to market in collaboration efficiency across their organization. A critical component of this transformation is building a digital thread platform and we are very pleased that after an in-depth competitive process Huawei chose ThingWorx to be the foundational technology underpinning this initiative. Turning briefly to Augmented Reality, which is the other high growth business within our portfolio, we delivered another strong growth with AR bookings growth -- another strong quarter with AR bookings growth of over 75% versus Q1 of 2018. The main used cases for AR in the industrial world are service and maintenance work instructions, factory operator Instructions, and virtual product demonstrations. While it's still early AR commercial adoption within the industrial market is broadening. Examples of customers adopting Vuforia include heavy equipment manufacturers like John Deere here in the U.S., automotive companies like Sinotruk in China, and electronics companies like Sony in Japan. One of the key drivers of industrial AR adoption is the functionality and form factor of AR headsets. As the next-generation of headset are launched, we believe this will be a significant market catalyst. And given our strong leadership position, we're confident AR will become increasingly material to PTC's growth rate over time. To summarize IoT and AR, Q1 was another strong data point suggesting that adoption of these technologies continues to accelerate across a range of vertical markets, geographies and used cases. Let me turn now to our solutions business. Q1 was another great quarter for our CAD business. Following two years of high-single-digit growth, in Q1 the CAD team delivered bookings growth well in excess of market growth rates. The last time perpetual buys in APAC certainly contributed to Q1 bookings but we were pleased to see continued solid performance from our indirect channel on a global basis. We're very excited about our strategic alliance with ANSYS which officially kicked into gear in Q1 with the preview release of Creo Discovery Live on December 19th. We completed the first round of development work to build ANSYS's real time simulation technology in Creo, the preview was released on schedule and we remain on track for a broader commercial release in February. Given the truly groundbreaking functionality Creo Simulation Live delivers to the market and the significant efficiencies CAD customers can achieve by leveraging this powerful solution, we were pleased to see strong uptick in the preview release including initial orders from 20 customers during Q1. Because this software frankly sounds too good to be true, we expect that customers will generally purchase a small quantity of licenses to prove it out before returning for larger purchases that would be necessary to support broader rollouts. So the near-term impact overall bookings won't be significant but with more than 160 customers already in the pipeline for Q2, we expect to be planting a lot of seeds. We're very excited about this partnership and look forward to providing you more color on commercial adoption in the coming quarters. Turning to PLM, following solid fiscal 2018 performance, results in Q1 were impacted by the large deal slippage I mentioned which includes a large component of PLM. We received further validation on our strong PLM market position in Q1 with a sizable new competitive win at BMW that followed an earlier strategic win on a different program a year ago. This time BMW chose Windchill and our Navigate solution over Aras to become the backbone for their worldwide light vehicles test procedures. This system will enable BMW's engineering department to implement a standard process to handle test data and provides fast and easy ecosystem access for product data. Also in Q1, the market research firm Quadrant Knowledge Solutions issued its PLM market outlook report in which they cited PTC as the clear PLM technology leader stating "PTC with its comprehensive solution portfolio has received strong ratings for its sophisticated technology platform, competitive differentiation strategy, application diversity, ease of deployment, and use and overall customer impact". Clearly, we have good reasons to be bullish about our leading market position in PLM. Let me turn now to our second top level initiative to drive shareholder value which is our transition to a subscription model. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, the global end-of-life for perpetual licensing on January 1st was a critical milestone and it represented the final step in our subscription transition. While the Q1 subscription mix was well below our expectations due to strong demand for last time perpetual licenses and overall strong performance in APAC, combined with large subscription deal slippage, we remain confident in achieving our long-term target of mid 90s percent subscription mix which of course benefits our financial model over the long-term. Let me discuss our third top level initiative to drive shareholder value which is to further increase our operating margins. Our Q1 reported non-GAAP operating margin of 28% was well above our guidance and benefited from a higher mix of perpetual licenses and by lower spending both OpEx and cost of goods sold. However even on a mix adjusted basis, we would have delivered 24% non-GAAP operating margin, 200 basis points above the high-end of guidance. Our Q1 results give us a great head start on delivering substantial margin improvement in fiscal 2019 which is an inflection point in our model. As Andy will detail later in the call, we now expect 500 basis points of non-GAAP margin improvement in 2019. We believe we're squarely on track to deliver the long-term margin targets we share with you last year at LiveWorx. To wrap up my comments, I'd like to reiterate PTC’s commitment to our exciting long range plan including delivering $850 million of free cash flow in FY 2023. While we're disappointed in the deals that slipped from Q1 and we factored more macro caution into our guidance, our overall outlook for the rest of this year remains substantially unchanged. Our leadership position in the high growth IoT and AR markets together with exciting new opportunities for growth in our core business and underpinned by key strategic alliances gives us confidence in driving sustained long-term growth. And with our subscription transition fading in the rearview mirror and our focus on discipline cost and portfolio management, we are firmly on track with our plans to transform PTC into one of the premier software companies in the world. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Miller: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon everyone. I'd like to start by saying that it really has been a privilege to work at PTC for the past four years and I want to thank Jim, the rest of the executive team, and the PTC board for the opportunity. I intend to stay here at PTC until a successor joins and the smooth transition has been completed. Before I dive into our results, I'd like to note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance and all growth rate references will be in constant currency. And as Tim mentioned earlier, we adopted the new rev rec standard to ASC 606 under the modified retrospective method on October 1, 2018. Since we have no baseline for last year under 606, for comparability purposes I will be discussing 605 results unless otherwise stated. Also please note that certain operating and non-GAAP financial metrics such as bookings, ACV, and free cash flow are the same under 606 and 605. Moving to our first quarter results, as Jim outlined, our Q1 financial performance exceeded the high-end of our guidance on revenue, operating margin, and EPS driven by higher perpetual revenue and by lower spending both in cost of goods sold and OpEx. Adjusting our Q1 results for our guided subscription mix revenue would have been within our guidance range and EPS would have exceeded the high-end of our range. Q1 bookings of $101 million were near the lower end of our guidance range impacted by nine deals that slipped to Q2, totally more than $20 million including about $2 million of larger U.S. government deals that slipped due to the shutdown. This combined with the $15 million of perpetual upside resulted in a subscription mix of 58% much lower than our guidance. However now that our subscription transition is complete, we expect a subscription mix well into the 90s for the rest of the year. Moving to the income statement for the first quarter of 2019 under the new revenue standard ASC 606, total revenue in Q1 was $335 million, operating margin was 27%, and EPS was $0.56 all above our guidance. Under ASC 605, total revenue in Q1 was $339 million, up 12% year-over-year, and software revenue was $299 million, an increase of 15%. Subscription revenue grew 50% and total recurring software revenue grew 13%. Note that Q1 this year was one day shorter than last year. So revenue growth figures are negatively impacted by just over 100 basis points. Also please refer to our prepared remarks document on our website where we reconcile our 606 results to our 605 results. Total deferred revenue billed plus unbilled increased year-over-year by $191 million or 16% to $1.36 billion. Billed deferred revenue was at $64 million or 15% year-over-year. We believe total deferred revenue billed and unbilled combined is the most relevant metric as there is a seasonality to the timing of our recurring revenue billings throughout the year and due to the timing of our fiscal quarter end. ARR grew 13% year-on-year to $1.05 billion. Our support conversion program continues to progress well with 21 direct customers converting their support contract to subscription at an ACV uplift of approximately 60%. And we continue to make progress with our channel conversion program with 59 conversions in the quarter. Continuing through the 605 P&L, Q1 operating margin of 28% was 600 basis points above the high-end of guidance, driven by the perpetual upside and by lower spending both in cost of goods sold and operating expense. On a mix adjusted basis, normalizing for the perpetual upside, operating margin would have been 24%, 200 basis points above the high-end of guidance, and an increase of 800 basis points year-over-year. EPS of $0.57 was $0.15 above the high-end of guidance again benefiting from perpetual license upside and lower spending. And on a mix adjusted basis, EPS of $0.46 was $0.04 above the high-end of guidance. Now let me turn to guidance. We have provided ASC 606 guidance in our press release and prepared remarks. Given we have no comparative historical results for 606, on this call; I'll focus my discussion on the highlights of our 605 guidance. For the full-year, we continue to expect bookings in the range of $500 million to $520 million. This represents growth of 10% to 14% constant currency year-over-year. We have factored in the perpetual bookings upside offset by more caution on the economic backdrop resulting in a $12 million increase in perpetual bookings and a $12 million decrease in subscription bookings. While the slip deals are in our Q2 pipeline and some of the expected close dates appear imminent, we do not believe it would be prudent to assume we fully catch-up on our subscription bookings. Essentially we are factoring in a catch-up of a little under half of the 20 plus million of slip subscription deals from Q1. We now expect a full-year subscription mix of 86% to take into account Q1. There is no change to our mix assumptions for the balance of fiscal 2019 and we expect to exit the year in Q4 with a 94% mix. We are raising fiscal 2019 total revenue by about $3 million at the midpoint to a range of $1.33 billion to $1.34 billion which represents constant currency growth of 8% to 9% year-over-year driven by software revenue constant currency growth of 10% to 11%. Recurring software revenue is now expected to be $1.10 billion to $1.11 billion, a decrease of $9 million at the midpoint versus our previous guidance reflecting slightly lower expected subscription bookings and the later timing of those bookings in the year. This represents constant currency growth of 15% to 16% and recurring software revenue is expected to be 94% of total software revenues for the year. We are raising our fiscal 2019 operating margin guidance by 100 basis points to 23% reflecting the upside in revenue and tighter spending control, representing a year-over-year increase of approximately 500 basis points. Our effective tax rate is still expected to be 18% to 19% resulting in a non-GAAP EPS range of a $1.75 to a $1.85, an increase of $0.10 for the year which is approximately 24% growth at the midpoint. We are also raising our free cash flow guidance by $10 million to $265 million to $275 million and raising our adjusted free cash flow guidance which excludes cash payments for restructuring of $25 million to a range of $290 million to $300 million. Cash restructuring payments include approximately $17 million related to the workforce realignment we announced on our Q4 2018 call and $8 million of net cash payments related to our Needham facility lease. We continue to expect CapEx of around $40 million this fiscal year and we expect CapEx to decline back down to historical levels of around $30 million in fiscal 2020. As with operating margin, we expect free cash flow to accelerate significantly in fiscal 2020, as the subscription model matures. We remain committed to a balanced capital strategy for fiscal 2019 in addition to the $1 billion ASR we entered into in Q4 of 2018. We intend to repurchase shares equal to at least 40% of our FY 2019 free cash flow. We expect to begin such share repurchases this quarter. Turning now to Q2 guidance under ASC 605, we expect bookings in the range of $107 million to $120 million. Total revenue is expected to be in the range of $310 million to $315 million. Q2 operating expenses are expected to be $179 million to $182 million resulting in operating margin in a range of 19% to 20%, and EPS of $0.31 to $0.36. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Saket Kalia of Barclays Capital.
Jim Heppelmann: Hello, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hi guys, hey Jim, hey Andrew thanks for taking my questions here. Maybe I'll stick with one question rule here maybe for you Jim; I think you mentioned that one of the nine deals that slipped in the quarter was a mega deal in the IoT space. Can you just remind us how we define a mega deal again in terms of size and without naming the customer, how do you think this particular customer balance macro concerns with perhaps some of the sales changes at PTC again specific to that IoT deal?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, just in terms of terminology for everybody's benefit we define a large deal as more than $1 million in bookings, PEB bookings, and a mega deal is more than $5 million in PEB bookings. And this particular deal actually had nothing to do with the macro. What really happened is that the -- you can call it a sales execution issue, I suppose. What really happened is that the approval process ended up being different than we understood it to be and we ran out of time trying to execute the newly underserved approval process. So I think the deals in good shape. We are hopeful we're going to get it this quarter actually, we'll see but it really wasn't the macro situation. So it would be a convenient excuse but it wouldn't be an honest one.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities.
Jim Heppelmann: Hello Steve.
Steve Koenig: Hi gentlemen, thanks for taking my question, thanks to Andy for all your work, I won't say goodbye just yet. Hey so, can you all remind me about the sales realignment in Q1, was that mostly the geographical realignment related to the reorder were there other factors there? And then maybe just related to that when you think about the guide here, the caution that's built into your guide. Kind of maybe help us understand how much of that comes from the execution that you've built any compensation of execution that you built in your guide versus macro weakness versus any other factors as well? Thanks guys.
Andrew Miller: Okay, Steve, I will take the first part of that which was asking about the realignment or you even use the word reorganization. So we tried not to use the word reorganization because actually the org chart doesn't look so much different, really it was a movement of resources into the growth businesses. Now to do that in the context of our margin goals, we took down resourcing in some areas and took it up in others. In some cases we moved from one segment of the business to another and in some cases we moved from one geography to another. And of course we're working around the strengths of some of our partners like Rockwell and so forth. So it wasn't really a reorganization per se but it did involve a lot of people with new territories and new quotas and getting a feel for the business. So I think that was really sort of the issue is that we did something that disturbs a little bit and then just didn't get a fast enough start processing all that and putting it behind us. So we were talking about it too deep into the quarter and of course when people are talking about territories and accounts and quotas, they're not all selling. So that really was the key issue.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, as we talked about last quarter, we expected the restructuring to impact a little over 200 people who would be, who would no longer be with the company and then we opened a number of racks obviously in the market and geographies and territories where we're investing for IoT and AR which tend to be Americas EMEA.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yes, hi guys.
Jim Heppelmann: Hello, sir.
Sterling Auty: So looking at from very high level you are taking the sales execution into account what you are factoring in some macro caution and I'm curious how much of that macro caution is specific things that you're hearing directly from sales and end customers now versus looking at kind of the macro picture through the news and other headlines whether it would be shutdown trade et cetera?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, Sterling, I think from our perspective, there's not a lot of specific caution, there's not a lot of specific issues, it's just we read the newspapers like everybody else does and it just feels a little reckless at this point given the stuff happening out there PMI is coming down and so forth, it feels reckless to take guidance up. So what we've basically said is let's hold it where it is and we'll tradeoff some of that upside in less time by for a more cautious posture on the subscription side in the balance of the year. So again it's not specific, it's just a general concern about what's happening out there and knowing that PMIs have been in the past somewhat indicative of spend in our markets. So we just think we should be a bit cautious.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI.
Ken Talanian: Hi guys, thanks for taking the question. So I was wondering are you seeing any extended sales cycles, any deal downsizing, any deals falling out of the pipeline, and then related to the slip deals have you actually closed any of them or concede a closure within the next week?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, on the second question there are several that are very close and we do hope to close in the next week maybe even this week yet if we're fortunate. And then, I think, extended sales cycles, yes, but again hard to pin that on macro. Like I said, in one case, it was a misunderstanding about the approval process. And when we thought we had the necessary approvals, we then found out actually the customer misunderstood the process and there's a different process and we're out of time to go run that different process and people have left on vacation and so forth. So extended sales cycles but it's hard to pin down exactly why and there were different reasons. So there wasn't uniformity, like I said, there were couple of government deals, okay we understand those, there is a misunderstanding of a process here and then just in general we kind of ran out of time on a few other ones.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Jim Heppelmann: Hello, Matt.
Matt Hedberg: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. Obviously you're making your subscription mix a little bit lower this quarter you had sort of last gas license deals, can you talk to us about the effectiveness of the maintenance to subscription sales over routine that was new in Q1, I know it's probably going to take some time but just would love an update on that, it seems like an incremental opportunity for you guys?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, as you know, we have a new leader who joined us and he has pulled the team together and they've developed kind of their focus areas and are beginning to drive programs. So we think that should really benefit us probably more so in the second half of the year. At this point, if you think of where our focus has been on the largest accounts the ones where we had those VPAs we've talked about before; we're only about halfway through those VPAs. So we still have the other half of those. We've done in enterprise phase 345 conversions at this point out of probably a potential pool of about 2,000. And there's a lot of opportunity frankly in the channel with CAD and there's a lot of work being done to really formulate what those programs should be.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yes, thanks, good evening. Jim, a technology adoption question for you. Are you able to discern any influence of the momentum you're seeing in IoT on the CAD or Windchill businesses, I mean I recognize that CAD is doing well and has been for a while but that could be specific to what's going on in that market but are you seeing any direct link to suggest that you're closed with lifecycle management strategy that you've articulated is in fact working and generating incremental business by pulling through more Creo or more Windchill or perhaps even more SLM at this point that you're making the case that you're solving broken toolchains and driving business that way?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I'd say definitely influence, I maybe a little softer on cross-sell, I think that companies like say BMW. BMW sees PTC as the BMW of our marketplace because we have great products; great technology, and they know they can turn to us for PLM, for IoT, for AR. So in the case of BMW, there are Vuforia project is going on, in parallel the ThingWorx project is going on and we're winning PLM deals. So I think that whole package has positioned us very nicely. Now if I said they bought Windchill because of Vuforia or ThingWorx I'm not sure that's true. But I think that they put PTC on a decent platform because they see us as a provider of very good package of technologies that make sense together. And then, in the case of Huawei, you know we do have a sizable PLM implementation at Huawei and they began what fundamentally was an IoT project. And when the project started BMW, I'm sorry Huawei did not really get the connection between PLM and IoT and of course we went in and sold that hard and then walked out with a very, very nice IoT deal in a recommitment to PLM and to more CAD business and everything else. So certainly the package is starting to make a lot of sense to people. And I think another thing that's happening is they're also starting to say hey maybe what I use in the factory and what I use with my products ought to be the same platform PTC help me understand the advantages of moving data back and forth and so forth. So again I don't want to oversell it because I don't -- I don't think we're really cross-selling, but I think with our major accounts we're positioning ourselves as having a really important and powerful portfolio of technologies that if you're an industrial company and you want to do digital transformation, we can help you change your products, we can help you change your production and service processes, and we can actually help you change the productivities of your workers in your factories and out on service calls and so forth where they are and that whole digital transformation story I think is one that people are really starting to appreciate.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel.
Adam Borg: Great, thanks for taking the question. Hi guys, just in terms of the of the Rockwell partnership I think you talked about 500 reps being trained, I guess when do you expect the remainder of the Rockwell reps to be fully trained and selling the combined product? Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I don't have a specific schedule for it but we trained 500 in the quarter and they were actually people trained prior to that and by the way they weren't just reps, just to be clear they were reps and generally let's call them field resources. But there are a lot of people at Rockwell that are trained there have been many sales calls made, there are many opportunities in the pipeline now being managed and so forth. So I think in the case of Rockwell, we feel pretty good about that. I mean, I have to tell you the fit with Rockwell between PTC and Rockwell feels pretty good. Blake and I have a great relationship I think at every level of the org chart, people are working together productively, Rockwell is putting a tremendous amount of energy into this alliance, they're not just paying lip service to it, they're out there making sales calls, I mean Blake is making sales calls. So I think it's going very, very well. I think it'll take a while to get to everybody but we don't need to get to everybody either I mean even Rockwell realizes that we probably ought to focus on the most important accounts. There are some that are more low hanging fruits than other and I think they have a list of 400 accounts if I remember correctly that they're prioritizing and tremendous, tremendous amount of business could come out of those 400 accounts. So that's where we'll put our first energy but there's a lot more behind that, I think if I remember correctly they have about 35,000 total accounts that ultimately we could sell into with them.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question comes from Monika Garg with KeyBanc.
Jim Heppelmann: Hi, Monika.
Andrew Miller: Hi, Monika.
Monika Garg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just as a follow-up you talked about like they're targeting 400 accounts, so it seems like there must be very large accounts like as a kind of percentage of revenue what would you say the 400 accounts would be for Rockwell? Just trying to gauge, I mean you have 25,000 customers but they are targeting 400. So how big these type would grow?
Jim Heppelmann: Well, I mean probably at the top of the food chain there, you're going to find the big North American automotive companies, you're going to find the biggest oil and gas companies in the world around the world, you're going to find the biggest pharmaceutical companies, the biggest chemical companies, the biggest mining and materials companies, so there are some very, very big accounts there. Now I'm sure within the 400 they start graduating down. But we're talking some behemoth accounts and some very large accounts and probably you're just getting down the large accounts and you're still in the 400.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex -- I'm sorry go ahead.
Andrew Miller: Well, I was just going to say as you know there is 80:20 rule to everything and 400 accounts is more than 10% of theirs, so probably quite a sizable piece of their revenue.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alex Tout with Deutsche Bank.
Alex Tout: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Could you just say what actions you've taken to screw up the pipeline for 2Q and the rest of the year given the very large magnitude of the slippages i.e. have you done a wholesale reevaluation of closed rates et cetera given the experience this quarter or have you just really taken a view specifically on the deal that slips, just an idea of the actions?
Andrew Miller: We have spent more time reviewing this pipeline than I think we ever have.
Jim Heppelmann: We called all of our, what we call our Executive VP and our Divisional VP, so these would be the geography leaders, we call them all into a meeting and along with various lieutenants of theirs. We went through each of the slipped accounts one by one to really understand what is the reason this deal slipped. And then we went through the pipeline and talked about what do they have in the pipeline and where does it stand right now.
Andrew Miller: Yes, we did a deeper dive; we do a deep dive every quarter to be perfectly frank. We don't just rely on a forecast coming in on a piece of paper. We review the analytics in depth and then we go deal by deal because large deals for us typically represent 20% to 40% of our bookings and so that's a big range and so understanding where those deals stand and the multiple paths to get to our operating plan into our forecast and what disclose in our range. It's not a single path, it is a multiple path and we surround it and we did it more so, it's on this quarter than we have done in the past since I've been here.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question comes from Ken Wong with Guggenheim Securities.
Ken Wong: Hi guys. Andy, maybe a question for you when looking at the total deferred revenue growth, there was a deceleration from 29% last quarter to 6% this quarter, is that consistent with what you're expecting was there some seasonality there that we should be aware of just trying to get a sense for what the approximate levels are kind of appropriate going forward?
Andrew Miller: Yes. So there are two factors that I want to call your attention, first off is the unfilled deferred is getting to be a bigger and bigger number and so just large numbers, grew $191 million year-over-year but that's a big number but it's now a much lower percentage because of that. The other factor is the timing of the renewals under 605 because we recognize the revenue radically, so like Q1 was not a big renewal quarter for us especially because it ended on December 29 which actually affected the build piece of that deferred revenue. But for total deferred revenue, the fact is not a big renewal quarter for us means we recognized more revenue in the quarter than we -- or the relationship of what we recognized during the quarter versus what was up for renewal was different than it's been in prior quarters like for example in Q4.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gabriela Borges with Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question maybe for Andy, I'd love to get a sense of how customers are responding to some of the new subscription pricing that you implemented on October 1st? And if you could remind us what are the typical subscription contract terms how often can you get in and renegotiate on this pricing, is it over a year or is it some customers on the longer contracts? And then one last clarification, I think you called out a 60% ACV uplift on conversions this quarter, that's a little more than I think the 40% to 50% range historically, so little color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Andrew Miller: Okay, yes. So first-off our average term for subscription contract is two years, it's been that from the start, so that's the average length. Second thing is the 60% uplift, we've averaged in the past more than 50% we have been at 60% before but this was a nice, a nice ACV uplift on those 21 accounts. There was one more, what is the third one.
Jim Heppelmann: Well let's say how often the subscription pricing terms?
Andrew Miller: And we haven't, there's been no noise about the price increase, let's put it that way, there's been no noise, no change in realized discount. So it's been adopted without any impact and by the way, it's a normal price increase for our market, our competitors tend to raise their prices 3% to 5% a year. So it's not something that and we have been doing it with perpetual up through from fiscal 2014 all the way through fiscal 2018. So it's not an out of line price increase from our customer's perspective.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Shankar Subramanian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jim Heppelmann: Hi, Shankar.
Shankar Subramanian: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I have a question on just from your PLM business and you made a point that on the BMW side, you won a competitive bid off of that, if you could help me understand apart from the fact that you had IoT and AR that helped you partly, was any technical difference between your Windchill and Aras that helped you win it and as you look into the next few years of BMW, where are the other areas of opportunity for you as it relates to PLM?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, okay. So let me separate a few things. So in general BMW has a high opinion of PTC because they like our PLM technology, they like our IoT technology, they like our AR technology, frankly they really like our genitive technology too. So take that as a general statement. Now on this specific deal that we closed in the quarter where we were competing against Aras, this really was a deal where they needed a system to manage test data against different configurations of vehicles. So on one hand you have to have the test data on the other hand you have to understand the configuration that you tested. But it's a place where we've got to pull in a lot of data from other systems. And so it turns out that ThingWorx is exceptionally good at that. Now in Aras case --
Andrew Miller: And Navigate is built on ThingWorx.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, right, right. So Navigate/ThingWorx is particularly good at that. So funny enough Aras frequently uses this term meta PLM which kind of means PLM of PLM Systems. And this BMW deal was exactly amid a Meta PLM system. So at the thing that Aras feels most confident about and we beat them. And we beat them because actually we have a very good solution there and it just takes a customer to look deeply at both and then we came away with the deal. So it really was configuration management, data management, and then system integration bringing data from many different systems into the one that's managing the full picture the 360 degree view of what happened in the testing process.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks, hi guys. Just a quick follow-up, Andy you just touched on your announced retirement congratulations on the great tenure. It just says in the press release that you're looking to move back to California and sit on boards; I do know I will get the question very frequently tomorrow, are you done in retiring from being in an operating role or should we think that this is just partly a transition in joint boards but we'll see you in operating role again?
Andrew Miller: No, I'm done being involved in an operating role after I came into PTC. I'm done with that, I am on one board now and I look to join probably one or two more.
Jim Heppelmann: I just have some color commentary here, Andy, has become, he almost has his own talk show circuit now, talking to other software companies about how to do a subscription transition. So I think every, every company out there that’s thinking about doing a subscription transition is going to want him on their board and he's probably going to be turning boards down left and right here in no time. So I think he likes doing that, I certainly observe us there are many meetings where he's coached other software companies on what we did and what they should do and so forth and I can imagine he's looking forward to doing that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays Capital.
Jim Heppelmann: Hello, again, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hey, thanks for getting me back in the queue. Maybe just for you Jim a quick follow-up, can you talk about just linearity in the quarter. You know it sounds like maybe kind of exiting last quarter when we sort of finished up the earnings call, we sounded good I mean obviously you pointed to the idea that maybe closer I'm sorry that the macroeconomic conditions have maybe changed pretty dramatically in the last four to six weeks. But can you just talk a little bit about the linearity in the quarter in terms of sentiment maybe Andy for you just in terms of -- in terms of bookings?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I think your question is how did the quarter develop and I really think it got away from us in the last two weeks and that was in part because we realized this mega deal was in a different place than we thought it was and we began to see some of course the government shutdown happened and a couple of deals popped out and so forth. So I think it was kind of mid-December that we really said oh wow this is -- we had some challenges here.
Andrew Miller: So one thing I would add is actually some of those deals were in there up to the very -- including the mega deal were in there in the forecast up to the very last day of the quarter, Saturday --
Jim Heppelmann: Yes.
Andrew Miller: December 29th when we got the word that it needed another approval and that person needed to approve it was on vacation.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. So Tim has given me the word here that we probably don't have time for any more calls but I want to thank you all for spending hourly time with us here this afternoon and Q1 did shape up to be a little different than planned. Nonetheless we had outstanding financial performance on revenue, on earnings, and margin. We feel like there was a little downside on subscriptions some slippage but on the other hand some upside that came in, thanks for the last time buying perpetual, the year looks for us the same as it ever did slightly different mix but mix is fundamentally unimportant. From this point forward, it's really a non-issue because we're not selling perpetual anymore with the one small exception that is sort of a single-digit exception. So I think we're very quickly going to get to steady state in the mix in the 90s and it will get boring and we'll stop talking about it. But anyway I think we feel good about where we are competitively with IoT and AR which are strong growth markets. Our CAD business did phenomenal, our PLM business of course was part of the big deal issue but that business is strong and we're winning competitively and we're winning analyst awards. So we feel good about where we are and we look forward to seeing on the road over the next quarter and if not we'll talk again in 90 days. So thanks and have good evening. Bye-bye.
Andrew Miller: Bye.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox - PTC, Inc. James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc. Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.
Analysts: Kenneth Talanian - Evercore ISI Ken Wong - Guggenheim Partners Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Matthew Swanson - RBC Capital Markets LLC Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And thank you for standing by, and welcome to the PTC 2018 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode and the conference is being recorded. Following the presentation, the conference will be opened for questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox - PTC, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thank you, Gabriel. And welcome to PTC's 2018 fourth quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Cohen, Chief Strategy Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast and a replay of the call will be available later today on our Investor Relations website. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements and guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today's date, October 24, 2018 and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call today, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release and made available on our Investor Relations website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's CEO, Jim Heppelmann.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As usual, I'd like to begin with the review of the quarterly and annual results and then provide some perspectives on the significant milestones and progress that we achieved throughout fiscal 2018. Q4 of fiscal 2018 was another strong quarter and it closed out another strong fiscal year, where we demonstrated near flawless execution of our strategic and operational objectives. In the fourth quarter, we delivered record quarterly bookings of $149 million and ACV of $60 million, both at or near the high-end of our guidance range. We delivered a subscription mix of 81%, our highest level of subscription bookings to-date. Despite modest FX headwinds, total revenue was near the high-end of our guidance. Our operating margins expanded over 350 basis points year-over-year and EPS was at the high-end of guidance. In Q4, the momentum around our recurring revenue model continued with recurring software revenue growing 13% and ARR growing 12% year-over-year and crossing the $1 billion mark for the first time despite the FX headwind. This was the seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit ARR growth. Total deferred revenue grew 29% year-over-year and 90% of our software revenue was recurring this quarter. Essentially, all of the key Q4 metrics were positive, which again demonstrates the solid foundation for growth that we've established. If I look back to the fiscal 2018 guidance we gave you a year ago, our FY 2018 results were also very strong. We came in at the high-end of the bookings range and we landed above the high-end of our guidance ranges for revenue and EPS. As we close out 2018, we're right on track for the 2023 long range plan that we outlined in June at LiveWorx and squarely on track relative to our aspirations to be one of the premium companies in the software industry. Fiscal 2018 is another year that we can put in the win column. To drill a bit deeper into our quarterly performance, I will again orient my discussion around our three strategic initiatives to maximize long-term shareholder value, which are: first, to increase our top-line growth; second, convert to a subscription model; and three expand our margins. Let me start by discussing our progress on the growth front. Bookings growth accelerated in fiscal 2018 to 11% overall driven primarily by IoT which represented about 25% of our bookings for the year. While IoT didn't quite surpass PLM in the full fiscal 2018, it was close and we expect IoT to handily surpass PLM to become our second largest source of bookings in fiscal 2019, which shows that we built a new growth engine with scale. With an increasingly larger portion of our business growing at an accelerated level, the overall growth at the company continues to rise giving us increasing confidence in our long range growth targets. From a geographic perspective, Americas delivered very strong performance in fiscal 2018 with 20% bookings growth. Europe bookings declined a bit, but that's compared against very strong results from fiscal 2017 when we had 28% constant currency growth. Also the $7 million megadeal we closed early in Q4 2017 instead of Q1 2018 significantly impacts Europe's full year growth percentage. APAC grew more than 20%, driven by solid performance in China, Taiwan and Korea and benefiting from improving performance in Japan. Japan had another solid quarter with double digit bookings growth and delivered on its full year recovery plan. Turning now to our business unit performance, I'll start by discussing our high growth IoT business, which we report inclusive of augmented reality. IoT had good Q4, capping off a strong year. IoT growth was driven both by new customer acquisition and by expansions, with the latter accounting for over 60% of fiscal 2018 ThingWorx bookings. The acceleration of IoT expansions over the last year can be seen by the size and pace of six figure deal activity in fiscal 2018, which increased 50% relative to fiscal 2017. Q4 IoT software revenue was strong once again, posting 7% sequential growth and 42% year-over-year growth, reflecting continued strong bookings growth and the compounding benefit of our maturing subscription model. Over the past two years, our IoT bookings have grown at a CAGR near the higher end of analysts' 30% to 40% market growth rate estimates and above the growth assumptions that we've built into our long range targets going forward. During fiscal 2018, there was broad-based momentum across major industrial IoT use cases, geographies and vertical markets. Let me begin with SCO or smart, connected operations, which is one of the faster growing sub-segments of the industrial IoT market and one where PTC is uniquely positioned. In addition to having what is widely recognized by industry analysts as the leading SCO solution in the market today and a rapidly growing stable of referenceable production customers, we're beginning to leveraging a new large scale global distribution channel in the form of our partnership with Rockwell Automation. This strategic partnership which you recall we launched in June unites a powerful combination of technology, domain expertise, market access and global distribution that both parties believe is unrivaled. Our partnership is off to a great start and we were pleased to see Rockwell closed several key deals in Q4, even though we're still in the early days of this venture. There were two particularly notable wins that I'd like to discuss. The first is that Rockwell Automation landed a ThingWorx deal with a major North American automotive OEM, who by the way was not a meaningful PTC customer previously. The second is that Rockwell has closed a ThingWorx deal with a leading global metals and mining company based in Australia. These deals demonstrate how we at PTC can benefit from Rockwell's strong customer relationships, brand presence and market reach, as well as access to industries outside of PTC's traditional end markets. With solid progress on product integration and sales enablement, we see a growing pipeline that suggests this partnership will be a key element of our growth story in coming years. Elsewhere in SCO, we closed numerous new and expansion deals in both discrete and process manufacturing. Examples of some of the wins include further expansion in food and beverage with Carlsberg, in automotive with Volvo Truck and Piaggio and in the industrials with incorporation in Stanley Black & Decker. In the SCP or smart, connected product market, we've recorded new wins and expansions in aerospace and defense like at Northrop Grumman and industrials such as Kawasaki and Kubota and communications like EchoStar and in high-tech and electronics such as Fujitsu. The Microsoft partnership is very important to our SCP strategy and I was in Redmond this past week, meeting with top Microsoft execs to review progress. Keeping in mind that the partnership was announced in late January, we closed 28 Microsoft co-sell deals during the balance of fiscal 2018, which suggests – off to a great start working together. At this point, there's more than 180 active co-sell opportunities in the global pipeline. We're beginning to see the strength of Microsoft's global reach extend beyond SCP and into a growing number of SCO and augmented reality opportunities. In Q4, Microsoft partnered with us to close an SCO deal with Polaris in the U.S. and an AR deal with Plantronics in Mexico. Furthermore, we continue to deepen our partnership around Microsoft Dynamics for connected field service and with the Microsoft HoloLens and the Azure teams on the mixed realty front of AR and VR. Drilling deeper into our augmented reality business, which I'll remind you today is reported within our IoT number. We had another strong quarter with AR bookings showing 100% growth over the year ago quarter and for the year, bookings topped $20 million. Early customers are using AR primarily for service and maintenance work instructions, factory operator instructions and virtual product demonstrations. Examples of customers adopting Vuforia include Bose in their automotive division, Royal Enfield, a leading India-based motorcycle manufacturer, and a leading Japanese automotive OEM, who is leveraging AR for service use cases in their factories. While it's still an early market, AR is showing promising signs of commercial adoption across the industrial landscape and given our strong leadership position in the market, we're confident AR will become increasingly material to PTC's growth rate over time. To summarize on IoT and AR, Q4 was another strong data point, suggesting that adoption of these technologies continues to accelerate across the range of vertical markets, geographies and use cases. Let me turn now our Solutions business. FY 2018 was another solid year for our CAD business. Looking back over the past two years, CAD has delivered a bookings growth CAGR in the high single-digits while outpacing overall CAD market growth rates and well ahead of the lower single-digit growth assumptions built into our long range targets. The initiatives we've been driving to optimize our go-to-market strategies both direct and channel have paid dividends as have our new investments in capabilities such as cloud-based augmented reality design review and additive manufacturing. As we look ahead to FY 2019 and beyond, we're very excited about our strategic partnership with ANSYS, which is nearly ready to kick into gear. It took significant development work to build ANSYS's real-time simulation technology into Creo, but the project is on schedule and the initial launch of a version of Creo that has ANSYS Discovery Live simulation embedded will happen in the first quarter – this first quarter. This software which continues to shock customers when they see it, will be in the hands of numerous strategic customers shortly and broader commercial shipments to the entire customer base will start in the second quarter. Keep in mind that we are focusing the initial efforts of the partnership on ANSYS Discovery Live, but we plan to integrate the full breadth of the ANSYS simulation suite into Creo over time. Stay tuned for more details regarding the broader strategy to follow in the coming quarters. I trust you'll see that in an industry that's known for meaningless partnerships, the relationships that PTC has developed with Rockwell Automation, Microsoft, and ANSYS are very real and they're becoming very productive. Turning to PLM. Following a solid Q3 with year-over-year growth in the low double digits, our PLM business finished the year with Q4 bookings ahead of plan and up 33% sequentially. Over the past two years, core-PLM has grown at a bookings CAGR just ahead of market growth rates. In addition to strong core-PLM technologies, our cloud-based multi-CAD augmented reality design review technology and our Navigate technology for multi-system orchestration, remains squarely in the sights of industrial customers embarking on broad-based digital transformations. With Navigate, we're uniquely positioned to expand our customers PLM footprint outside of engineering and we remain bullish about the long-term growth driver in our PLM business. Switching to our second top level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is our transition to a subscription model. Subscription adoption trends remain strong across the globe and we ended FY 2018 with 76% of our new license bookings from subscriptions. While this was modestly below guidance due to a strong mix of bookings coming from geographies that could still sell perpetual in FY 2018, it was a dramatic 800 basis points increase over FY 2017. As Andy will discuss in more detail later in the call, based on our performance in FY 2018 and the end of perpetual licensing globally as of January 1, 2019 except for Kepware, we're raising our long-term subscription mix target from 85% to 95%. This change drives our recurring software revenue to 98% of total software revenue by FY 2020, which of course further benefits our financial model over the long-term. Let me discuss our third top level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is to further increase our operating margins. We have been carefully managing OpEx throughout the subscription transition and we expect that margins will expand rapidly as we exit the subscription trough. Aligned with that expectation, in Q4, we saw our operating margin improved by more than 350 basis points year-over-year and for the full FY 2018, our operating margin improved by over 200 basis points. As we discussed in prior quarters, FY 2019 will be an inflection point in our model with operating margins expected to be up approximately 400 basis points to 22% followed by 400 to 500 basis points of additional expansion annually through FY 2021 when we expect to reach operating margins in the low 30s. But there will be more coming after that as we expect to continue to expand margins toward our new target of 37% by FY 2023. As we wrap up 2018, I'd like to reiterate our commitment to the exciting long range plan for PTC that we've first shared at LiveWorx in June and updated today, including delivering $850 million of free cash flow in FY 2023. We made great progress in 2018 as demonstrated by the performance of our core business, by our leadership position in the high growth IoT and AR markets, by solid progress in our business model transition to subscription and our focus on disciplined cost and portfolio management. We're firmly on track to continue to transform PTC into one of the premier software companies in the world. Reflecting on the business at a point of transition to a new year, I'm very proud of the PTC team's track record. If you look all the way back to fiscal 2010 when the current team took over, you'll see that this company has been on a roll for a long time. At this point, it should be clear to everybody that PTC has pulled off an amazing transformation. Back in 2010, we were viewed as a mature, low growth, low margin, perpetual company and most investors didn't see much of a future. But through a series of bold changes that we've executed with surprising success, we've positioned PTC to become one of the preeminent software companies in the industry. It started with a commitment to deliver 20% earnings growth per year for five years that I remember making publicly nine years ago on the earnings call this month. We've delivered against that promise and kept the margin expansion story going from there. Next we outlined a bold vision for growth that was built around a promise of IoT and AR, a strategy that we said would add new growth and reinforced core growth and we've delivered against that. Andy Miller joined the team and we followed his lead as we outlined an aggressive subscription conversion strategy and PTC's execution of that program has been nearly flawless. At this point, PTC is emerging as a premium software company, a cutting edge technology leader with high growth, high margins and high recurring revenue. Against the Rule of 40, PTC is creeping up on 40, but with a long range plan that aims for 52. Perhaps most important in the boardroom of every industrial company, there's a conversation happening around digital transformation and no software company is in a better position than PTC to provide the technology solutions and knowhow that these companies need to drive their digital transformations. We find ourselves in a target rich growth environment now with so many more opportunities available to us, as we leverage high performance computing in the cloud, artificial intelligence, generative design, additive manufacturing, IoT and AR and VR to help our customers overall how their businesses work. I'm incredibly proud of what the PTC team has achieved as I look in the rearview mirror and very bullish about the future that I see through the windshield. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy, who'll review the financial highlights of the fourth quarter and fiscal 2018 with you. Andy?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Please note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance. Q4 bookings of $149 million were near the high-end of our guidance, representing year-over-year growth of 4% and 14% if you adjust for the $7 million megadeal that closed early in Q4 2017. For the full year, bookings grew 11% and 15% after adjusting for that megadeal. Despite FX, total revenue in Q4 was up 5% year-over-year and software revenue was up 7% despite a 900 basis point increase in our subscription mix. Subscription revenue grew 62% and total recurring software revenue grew 13%. Approximately 90% of Q4 software revenue was recurring. For FY 2018, total revenue grew 7%, driven by 10% total software growth despite an 800 basis point increase in subscription mix. Total recurring software revenue grew 14% and subscription revenue grew 70%. Total deferred revenue billed plus unbilled increased by $318 million year-over-year or 29%. Billed deferred revenue was up 9% year-over-year despite FX. ARR grew 13% year-over-year constant currency and exceeded $1 billion for the first time. Our support conversion program continues to progress well with 40 direct customers converting their support contracts to subscription at an ACV uplift of approximately 50%. Our channel program continues to gain traction with 106 conversions in the quarter. As we highlighted at LiveWorx in June, the like-for-like uplift from conversions are not factored into our growth assumptions beyond the current fiscal year. And given that we are still in the early innings from a penetration perspective, we believe that the conversion opportunity is substantial and will play out over many years. Continuing through the P&L, Q4 operating margin of 21% was within our guidance range and EPS of $0.45 was at the high end of our guidance. For FY 2018, operating margins expanded 220 basis points to 18% and EPS of $1.45 grew 24% further indication that having exited the subscription trough, our profit expansion is accelerating as expected. Now turning to guidance. Note that for the following guidance, it's based on ASC 605. We've provided ASC 606 guidance also in our press release and prepared remarks, as well as in a presentation posted to our Investor Relations website that provides details on the impact of ASC 606. Given the lack of comparability to historical financial results under ASC 606, we will focus our FY 2019 earnings results and guidance on ASC 605 and would encourage the sell-side analyst to submit ASC 605 estimates for consensus purposes. Let me begin by providing some context on our FY 2019 guidance and our long-term financial targets, as it relates to three key items; FX, subscription mix, and our financial statement tax rate. First, global currencies have been volatile over the past year. And as a result, we estimate that for the full-year FY 2019 based upon current rates, FX is an approximate 250 basis point headwind to our reported bookings and revenue growth with the more acute impact in the first half of the fiscal year. We've adjusted our FY 2019 OpEx accordingly, so that this current FX headwind won't impact our ability to achieve our long-term targets. Second, as Jim mentioned earlier on the call, based on strong global adoption of our subscription offerings and perpetual end of life on January 1, 2019 for all products except Kepware, we are increasing our long-term outlook for subscription mix from 85% to 95%, which we expect will drive a subscription mix of 88% to 90% for fiscal 2019. And third, a change in tax law enacted by the U.S. Treasury in late September 2018, results in an increase to our non-GAAP financial statement effective tax rate to the higher end of the 15% to 20% range we provided you in June. These three factors have been incorporated into our guidance and impact revenue and EPS as compared to the assumptions we've previously provided you. Let me begin with the full year. We expect bookings in the range of $500 million to $520 million, which represents growth of 10% to 14% constant currency year-over-year. We are raising our subscription mix guidance to a range of 88% to 90% for fiscal 2019 and expect to be exiting the year with subscription mix in the mid 90%. Note that this higher subscription mix assumption of 400 basis points at the midpoint equates to more than $20 million lower software revenue in FY 2019, but benefits us over the long-term. We expect fiscal 2019 total revenue of $1.32 billion to $1.34 billion which represents constant currency growth of 8% to 9% year-over-year driven by software revenue constant currency growth of 9% to 11% despite a subscription mix 1,300 basis points higher than fiscal 2018. Note that we expect the higher subscription mix will result in $54 million lower perpetual revenue in FY 2019 at the midpoint as compared to last year. It clearly benefits us over the long-term. Recurring software revenue is expected to be $1.108 billion to $1.12 billion representing constant currency growth of 16% to 17%, and recurring software revenue is expected to be 95% of total software revenue for the year, an increase of 500 basis points over fiscal 2018. We expect fiscal 2019 operating margin of 22%, an increase of approximately 400 basis points year-over-year, reflecting accelerating software growth and continued OpEx discipline. The midpoint of our OpEx guidance represents just 300 basis points of growth year-over-year, below our longer term target of half the rate of bookings growth. Beyond fiscal 2019, we continue to expect 400 to 500 basis points of annual margin expansion through FY 2021 to the low 30% range as the compounding benefit of multiple years of our maturing subscription business model is realized. With an increase to our financial statement effective tax rate to 18% to 19%, we expect EPS of $1.65 to $1.75 which is approximately 20% growth at the midpoint year-over-year. We have provided a bridge in the guidance section of our prepared remarks to assist you in assessing the impact on revenue and EPS of foreign currency, subscription mix and tax rate relative to the assumptions we provided in June. Adjusted free cash flow is expected to be $273 million to $283 million, which excludes $18 million of cash payments related to the restructuring we announced today. Free cash flow including the restructuring payments is expected to be $255 million to $265 million with negative free cash flow in Q1. Note that our free cash flow guidance includes a higher than usual amount of CapEx FY 2019 of approximately $40 million with a significant portion in the first quarter related to the leasehold improvements in our new Boston headquarters. And we expect CapEx to decline back down to historical levels of around $30 million in fiscal 2020. As with operating margin, we expect free cash flow to accelerate significantly in fiscal 2020 as the subscription model matures. In FY 2019, we remain committed to a balanced capital strategy and in addition to the $1 billion ASR, we entered into in Q4. We intend to repurchase shares equal to at least 40% of our FY 2019 free cash flow. Such share repurchases will begin in the latter part of Q2. Turning to Q1 2019 guidance, first, it's important to note for your Q1 2019 models that the quarter only has 90 days, fewer days than in Q4 2018 or Q1 2018, resulting in lower recurring revenue which is recognized on a daily basis. Based on our Q1 guidance, one day of recurring software revenue equates to approximately $3 million. We expect bookings in the range of $100 million to $110 million, revenue is expected to be $318 million to $326 million, Q1 operating expenses are expected to be $179 million to $182 million, resulting in operating margin of 21% to 22% and EPS of $0.37 to $0.42. Turning now to our long-term financial targets. First, please note that there is no change to our bookings growth targets provided in June which assumes a 13% CAGR to fiscal 2023, based on our new 95% subscription mix target, which clearly benefits our model over the long-term, we are reducing fiscal 2021 revenue, non-GAAP EPS and free cash flow, but the higher subscription mix does not negatively impact fiscal 2023 targets. In fact, it creates a tailwind. As it relates to the tax rate change, we do not expect this to negatively impact our free cash flow targets for fiscal 2021 or fiscal 2023. But we do expect an impact to our financial statement income tax expense and the resulting non-GAAP EPS. Our new long-term targets are as follows for fiscal 2023; total revenue is unchanged at $2.4 billion growing mid-teens and software revenue is also unchanged at $2.2 billion, growing mid-teens. Subscription mix is now 95%, so recurring revenue is now expected to be 98% of total software revenue, an increase of 300 basis points. Non-GAAP operating margin is unchanged at 37%, non-GAAP EPS is now $6.30 versus the previous guidance of $6.50 due to higher financial statement in tax expense. And we continue to target free cash flow of $850 million for FY 2023. We have posted an updated long-term financial model presentation outlining these changes on our Investor Relations website. Before I turn the call over to the operator, let me spend a moment to address the workforce realignment announced this afternoon. With the growth opportunity in front of us in the Industrial Internet of Things and augmented reality, the strategic partnerships we announced last fiscal year and our continued commitment to operating margin improvement. We are realigning our workforce in the beginning of fiscal 2019 to shift investment to support these strategic high growth opportunities. This action will result in a small restructuring charge of about $18 million in fiscal 2019. The majority of which will be paid in the first quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Hi, Ken.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth Talanian - Evercore ISI: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. So I guess first off, given your geographically diverse business, can you give us a sense for what assumptions around the global macro you're making for – in terms of demand for fiscal 2019 guidance?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Our current view of the global macro is that it remains stable. We're clearly aware of some of the trade concerns that are out there, but we haven't seen that reflected in our results. For example in the recent quarter we ended, a high number of large deals, the normal number of large deals in a fourth quarter, the deals tended to upsize. So we saw the same types of behavior we've seen in many quarters. We're watching, but the environment appears stable. If you look at the PMIs, they've ticked down a little bit except for North America has ticked up a bit, but they're still in solid growth territory. Do you want to add anything, Jim?
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: No, just that I don't think we have on over dependency on any one geo, we're coming off a pretty good year, where frankly Europe didn't perform super great and therefore we're not overly dependent on remarkable things coming out of Europe or anywhere else, we have a good balanced plan.
Kenneth Talanian - Evercore ISI: Okay. And could you give us a sense for how your fiscal 2019 IoT expansion pipeline compares to fiscal 2018? And what if any feedback your customers have given you in terms of a willingness to invest in IoT in the event that their business slows down or I guess in a more – in a worse scenario we go into a recession?
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Well, I think, first of all, our IoT pipeline is quite strong and it's the reason we're plowing resources into this space is because we see the market is very interested in what we have to sell for IoT and AR, but also some of the things we're doing in Microsoft and ANSYS and so forth, Rockwell. So I think we feel good about the pipeline. We don't have a crystal ball to tell us if things would change. But I think right now we're feeling strong. We feel like our products are viewed as extremely important to end customers and there's a lot of demand for them and we're trying to make sure we have resources positioned to capitalize on that demand.
Kenneth Talanian - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you very much.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Thanks, Ken.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Ken Wong with Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Hello, Ken.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Hi, Ken.
Ken Wong - Guggenheim Partners: Two if I can. So, Jim, you highlighted variety of partnerships and obviously we're probably most focused on what you guys are doing with Rockwell. As we think about fiscal year 2019, any help in terms of how that partnership is contributing to bookings growth?
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, Rockwell is a significant company with a significant footprint in this SCO space. They have about 35,000 customers doing what you can loosely call smart, connected operations. It's really industrial automation, but SCO was sold into the industrial automation base and they have somewhere around 1,000 sellers. So it's a huge customer base with a huge distribution channel. They're very committed to PTC. I think we haven't disclosed the exact numbers, but we have said that Rockwell has made substantial commitments to PTC. So we know we're going to get a lot from Rockwell and they're putting their money where their mouth is. They're handing out the quotas to deliver against that. They're training the people, I mean they're taking it very, very seriously. So some good signs, we've landed a couple of accounts that we've been knocking on the door for decades already and we're pretty excited about the possibility here.
Ken Wong - Guggenheim Partners: And then Andy, if I could just a quick kind of as we think about the changes in the long-term financial model. I mean obviously, you guys kind of gave some of these targets just a few months back. Is it really just the coming pipeline and just what you've seen after announcing the end-of-life, that's kind of reinforced your belief that subscriptions is moving along so much faster than expected?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Well, the main thing that happened we completed our operating plans, we have another quarter behind us where we saw subscription mix in both Americas, EMEA be well above the 85% in the quarter just ended. And we saw APAC subscription mix increase and so all those factors together reinforce our commitments that we are going to be fully subscription with the exception of Kepware. And so we've reflected that on long range plan, which is of course goodness for our long-term model, modest impact free cash flow in FY 2021 of $15 million, but clearly give us great tailwinds to that $850 million in FY 2023.
Ken Wong - Guggenheim Partners: Got it. Thanks a lot guys.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Thank you.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Thanks, Ken.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: So one – there's another comment I wanted to make about the long range plan. If you actually look at where we ended FY 2018 from all the metrics recurring revenue at the higher end of our guidance for example. It's clear that we start FY 2019 better positioned for that long range plan than we had laid out even back in June.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Okay. Operator, next caller.
Operator: Okay. Next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Hi, Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thanks, good evening. Hi. I'm going to avoid the morass of the ASC 606 discussion, so let's talk about a couple of organic things. Jim, you highlighted again the resurgence of the CAD business, still your largest, and let me ask you about that, when you look back over the last couple of years and when you're thinking out over the next couple of years, can you comment on how much of that improvement is retooling or upgrading phenomenon within your base, which would ultimately be limited. Or are you in fact seen a growing contribution from new customers, if it works for Creo. And then similarly, how are you thinking about the increment from Discovery Live, you talked about some arithmetic on that at LiveWorx, was that just an example or when you talked about one quarter penetration of the Creo base or is that something you're explicitly aiming for, then I have a follow-up.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. Well, the first thing I would say on the retooling of the existing base versus new sales, our reseller channel has done really well in the past year.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: More than double-digit growth for the past two years.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Right. So they are real – I mean none of us CAD vendors are flipping big accounts anymore. That ended some years ago, but there's a lot of new accounts coming in as startup companies and so forth and that's where our channel plays. And so the fact that the channel has done so well, but really it can only happen if we're taking a good amount of share in new customer pursuits. So I feel pretty good about that – less frankly because the product has improved so much, it always had a terrific engine, it just the user interface and so forth, got a little tired and that's all behind us now. Product looks great, works great, viewed as the premium product in the industry. Looking forward, we are exceptionally excited to bring this ANSYS stuff to market. I mean it is jaw dropping when people see the demonstrations of it. Particularly jaw dropping to see what ANSYS technology can do inside a CAD system Creo. And you just watch people, it's unbelievable. So we are very bullish, I don't want to give you specific guidance, but we do think that 25% penetration is a target that's achievable over some period of time. And it will be a big tailwind for what we're doing. Now further out beyond that, there's a couple other tailwinds that aren't quite as close in let's say the ANSYS stuff. To be clear, we're going to take orders for ANSYS in Q1 here in fiscal 2019, not a lot yet, because we're really doing a roll-out to preferred customers to make sure we get good feedback and tweak anything before we turn it loose and open the floodgates. But beyond ANSYS additive manufacturing, topology optimization and the bigger topic of generative design, there's a lot of stuff happening in the CAD world, that's this really changing kind of what people think of CAD. And I think PTC is very well positioned now with ANSYS and with other technologies we've been developing and talking about. So I actually think PTC is probably more bullish on CAD than we've been the decade or maybe even in two decades, frankly. This business feel like it's got a lot of legs and we'll continue to perform reasonably well, I'm not going to tell you it's going to be a double-digit growth business for a long period of time. But I think it's got a lot of momentum and there's a lot more opportunity because the industry is changing and creating this new opportunity and we're well positioned to capitalize on it.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: And, Jay, one thing I'll add is while our aspirations are certainly very high and we're excited about it, we have a low single-digit growth factored into that long range plans.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: A follow-up on support conversions. How are you thinking about that by geo? I mean, if my math is right, it looks like EMEA support revenue is at least as large as in the Americas. And would that then perhaps by geo suggest a substantial remaining support conversion opportunity there?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yeah, there's a bigger support conversion opportunity in Europe than in the Americas, but it's still quite sizable in the Americas as well. The Americas has done more conversions as you would expect, the sales people that are closer to headquarters tend to jump on these things more aggressively, but EMEA actually has accelerated the last couple of quarters. And they are not that far behind as far as the number they've done in the enterprise space and then big opportunity in, frankly, Japan, where they have done only a handful, but quite sizable ones.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Thanks, Jay. Operator, next question please. Gabriel? Hello?
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Koenig. Your line is open.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Hello, Steve.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hey, thanks for taking my question guys. Hey thanks for sharing us the details of ASC 606 on the call back in Jay's remarks. So we do look forward to hearing that another time. I do want to ask you guys, so kind of like Q3 you skewed again a little heavier to Asia. ACV was okay, but it kept a lid on the subscription mix a little bit. What's your sense of what's happening in Europe and what are you doing about it execution wise or is it more of a macro issue? Any color there would be helpful. And then just to add on my quick follow on will be, can you discuss any – I know you are early days in seeking to move – new initiatives to move renewal rates up further and just any commentary there that would be helpful too? Thanks guys.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: So first, Steve, I do want to clarify that it takes like one, small seven figure deal frankly in one geo versus another perpetual versus subscription to be that 1% difference in the subscription mix. And we've actually gotten smarter, you notice for FY 2019 we gave you a range for the subscription mix of 88% to 90%. So because it's not perfect, we don't close every large deal in the pipeline and we're trying to do our best to guess which ones are going to close and which ones aren't. Now APAC clearly was strong with growth more than 20% in bookings. EMEA, while down in fact if you look at the – EMEA down in the 10% range. If you actually adjust for that megadeal that closed in EMEA in Q4 2017 versus Q1 of 2018 then EMEA for the year just flipping it from one year to the next would have been almost flat, still not great performance. But we had 28% constant currency growth last year. And if you took that big deal out of last year, they still have low 20% constant currency growth. So EMEA has been executing fine. We always aspire to do better, but they actually – there's just lumpiness frankly by big deal contribution. We would never have an operating plan for example for EMEA to grow 28% constant currency.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah, another thing I would point out, if you look at the PMIs Europe was superhot and they've cool down, but they have been throughout and remain well above the PMIs in Asia. So I think we're really talking about good situations versus great situations and maybe Europe schooling from really great, just good or something like that I don't know. But we don't feel right now concerned about what we see in terms of pipeline and opportunity in Europe.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: So just to clarify, sorry. So you're not, there's lumpiness here and you're not seeing any sort of execution issues that need to be addressed. Is that a fair read?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: That's a fair read, yes.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Got you. And then, you guys are doing some work on renewal rates. Any update there, any color you can give there?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yeah, it would actually our best quarter ever when it comes to renewal rates. So we continue to progress ahead of our plans.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Awesome. Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Thanks.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Next question is coming from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Hello, Matt.
Matthew Swanson - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey guys, this is actually Matt Swanson on for Matt. Andy, can you talk a little bit about how you're thinking about subscription price increases. I don't think you've done any since you've done the transition. And then just kind of elaborate on that, how important the innovation, the product portfolio is the company's pricing power.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yeah, so we raised subscription prices by 5% on October 1, and in certain geos where the currency moved even more, we've raised it more aggressively than that. So we did our first subscription price increase. Our industry does tend to raise prices every year and we're no longer trying to promote subscription over perpetual as we only have, as we stand now just over two more months left of perpetual. So we've raised those prices. Of course they don't go into effect until a renewal comes around and their pricing is off of the new subscription price list. The second question, probably a good one for Jim, just as far as how innovation gives us pricing power. Fundamentally...
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Well, I think what I would say is that innovation puts us in an opportunity to win the deal. And I don't think the price of the software is the key criteria...
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: No.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: ...in selecting a vendor, it's the fitness and the belief in the technology. And I think when it comes to fitness and belief in the technology, nobody wants to pick the wrong vendor. And I think PTC does not feel like the wrong vendor to anybody right now. We've got a lot of momentum, a lot of brand recognition. We do exceptionally well in all the big analyst reports from Gartner and Forrester and a bunch of other guys. So I think we have some flexibility not to play a price game, and still win the deal and not make it about pricing, it's about innovation and quite frankly the fitness of your product to solve the problem and to remain viable then for years to come because it's sticky stuff and you're not going to use it for just a couple of years. So you want to make sure that this vendor is going to be in the game for a long time and people feel good about us.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: The one other thing I'll add around pricing efforts, so I'm going to start talk about pricing strategy and then pricing realization or discounting. Pricing strategy, we did a conjoint pricing study, and October 1, introduced new pricing and packaging for Creo, which we think gives us an opportunity frankly to drive people to higher price points and raise the overall average price of a Creo seat. So that was a study done last spring and effective October 1. The PLM Group has also done their first conjoint pricing study and they are pricing and repackaging Windchill and they think there's great opportunity as well to strategically realize more from customers. That study is done and January 1 pricing and packaging for PLM will – new pricing and packaging will roll out. And we've just embarked on ThingWorx and Vuforia Studio. We're embarking on a conjoint pricing study there as well. Again, to optimize pricing from a strategic perspective to make sure that we've got the right, kind of good, better, best types of offerings that enable us to optimize revenue. On discounting, we continue to drive lower discounts. And as we enter fiscal 2019, we told you about our deal scoring, where reps make more commissions if they give less discount to get an A deal versus a B, C, D or F. Well, we made it harder to get an A or a B or a C once again this year. So every year that has driven our average discount down and we expect it also to drive it down further in FY 2019.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah, in fact, I mean we are talking about what, 15, 20 points?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yeah.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: ...of improvement.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yes.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Since we put this program in place a couple of years ago, saw dramatic improvement and one takeaway from that, is when the sales guys see differential comp, they don't discount much, which tells you we never had to discount in the first place. So it actually is a comment about pricing power, is that maybe some years ago, when we had a discounting problem, we were just frankly too willing to give away a discount that you didn't need to give away. Maybe it lubricated the deal, you got it sooner with less work, but frankly that extra little bit of work was worth it because the deal became substantially bigger. So I think it's a proof point that we do have some pricing power and that frankly we were misusing it in the past and we've made great progress. We really don't have a discounting problem anymore.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yes.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: It's a problem that dogged us for a decade and a half and it's kind of behind us now.
Matthew Swanson - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's great. And then if I can ask one more to Jim, going to the workforce realignment, I guess when we talk about IoT being bigger than PLM next year, and I think we've talked about long-term IoT being the largest business. Is there a way to think how close the workforce would be ready for it being the largest business, is this one step in the right direction or do you think it will have to be kind of continuous changes to realigning the workforce further?
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: I think, you should think of this as almost like ASR on a stock buyback, one big upfront step and then the rest of them aren't such a big deal. So we've been making alignment but as we went into this new year and really looked at the size of growth, the opportunity we have with IoT and AR, we said, we've got to move a lot of resources and we've got to do it quickly. So we did take a restructuring charge. I don't think you should expect us to take a restructuring charge annually, but I think we will continue to migrate resources into the places where they get more growth. The amazing thing is we have 6,000 employees now and we had 6,000 employees a number of years ago, and it's the reason why we've been able to keep driving margins up, maybe we have a few more than 6,000, but relatively flat employment over a period of five years, while the growth really has materialized, it's how we've driven margins up, and it's a strategy we've got to remain disciplined and stick to.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: The other thing I'll add is that, this past planning cycle, the sales and marketing team really did a much stronger portfolio analysis frankly to cutoff the long tail, which is where you get a lower return on your investment, to make sure that we had the right reps in the right geographies on the right products to drive the optimal growth, that is really our opportunity out there. And that's what drove a good piece of the restructuring charge. We looked at profitability in every single country and where the profitability didn't make sense, we basically moved resources out. Accepted that maybe we'll have a little bit lower bookings in that country, but we have a lot more opportunity by putting in those sales and marketing resources in an area where there's really growth for IoT and AR. So it was the type of portfolio management, that's easier to do in R&D around how many people you have working on a product. And we did that quite rigorously on the go-to-market side.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: The other point just to add, it came up in the discussion, but we also solved for FX in our earnings program.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Right.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: So we were even more aggressive on portfolio management because we said, we have to come out of this with the right configuration of resources and we have to solve for FX at the same time. So that's really why we took the restructuring charge. And again think of it like an ASR, it's the way that accelerates the first phase of something.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yeah, when FX goes against you, we have two levers; pricing which we executed on and then frankly, how much we spent, so you have to adapt to the environment you're playing in, and so we did that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your line is open.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Hello, Saket.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, Jim. Hi, Andy, thanks for taking my question here.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Hi.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I'll just keep it to one, in the interest of time. Andy, it was helpful commentary on the moving parts in the fiscal 2021 guide. But maybe just to dig a little deeper, it seems like the higher subscription mix call it 10 points is taking out, let's call less than $100 million in revenue. And it looks like we're taking about $15 million out of the free flow target for fiscal 2021 as well. My question is, can you just talk about that revenue dynamic a little bit as well as the associated cash flow and if we're sort of reading that correctly?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yes. If you actually do the math it's less than a $100 million, but those targets are rounded. So the target before was rounded, the target now has rounded, so everything is rounded to $100 million all the revenue lines that we've done. We actually did the math, it's like $65 million or something is the actual difference on revenue, just 10% higher mix. So 10%, if you took our bookings that we just guided $500 million to $520 million, assume 13% CAGR moving forward take it to FY 2021 and then took 10% of that, that's how you get about $65 million difference in revenue. And the free cash flow is also frankly we had a little bit of cushion in there. So it ended up being just a small take down to the free cash flow with that higher mix. But it does give us frankly a tailwind to the FY 2023 free cash flow target.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yep, thank you.
Operator: Okay. And with that I'll turn the call back over to Jim Heppelmann for closing remarks.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: All right, great. Thank you, Gabriel. Well, and I thank everyone for joining us on the call and spending an hour with us. I think if we all step back and look at fiscal 2018, it was a pretty good year. We did some amazing things on partnerships with Rockwell Automation, and the ANSYS, and Microsoft, our IoT and AR business did well. Our bookings and software revenue growth accelerated, customer success and renewal rates was a great story, conversions were good, cost management was great, margins were up. So it was a very good year. We're about 60 days from wrapping up the end of almost all perpetual licensing with one little exception. So we're almost done in terms of moving to subscription. We'll soon be there. And then it will take a while for it to catch up to us in terms of the profit and in revenue growth. But anyway we're in a great place. We're doing well on the growth front. We're doing well on the profit front. We're doing well on the subscription front. We're in a great place, we think we can and will drive a lot of long-term shareholder value. So thanks and have a good evening, talk to you in 90 days, if not sooner.
Operator: And with that, we'll conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating and you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-07-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer Andy Miller - Chief Financial Officer Barry Cohen - Chief Strategy Officer Tim Fox - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Steve Koenig - Wedbush Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI Monika Garg - KeyBanc Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Rob Oliver - Baird Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets Matthew Broome - Cowen & Company Gal Munda - Berenberg Capital Market Shankar Subramanian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the PTC, 2018 Third Quarter Conference call. During today's presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be opened for questions. This call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Good afternoon, and thank you Kim, and welcome to PTC's 2018 third quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Cohen, Chief Strategy Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast and a replay of the call will be available later today on our Investor Relations website. During this call PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.  Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today’s date July 18, 2018 and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements.  During the call PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our Investor Relations website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to PTC's CEO, Jim Heppelmann.
Jim Heppelmann: Great! Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. As usual, I’d like to begin with a review of the third quarter results and then provide some perspectives on the significant milestones and progress that we achieved during the quarter.  Q3 was a solid quarter across the board, with standout performance in our IoT segment. Assuming FX rates had remained constant with our guidance back in April, bookings and recurring software revenue would have been at the high end of our guidance and total software revenue would have exceeded the high end of our guidance. As reported, total revenue was at the high end of our guidance despite lower professional services revenue and operating margin and EPS, each came in above the high end of our guidance. Bear in mind that our results this quarter benefited from a higher than forecasted amount of perpetual license revenue, driven by a geographic mix of booking that were slightly more weighted to AsiaPac, where we still offer perpetual licenses. We’ll discuss our subscription program in more detail later in the call, including today's announcements to end perpetual licensing globally on January 1, 2019. While subscription mix was lower than our guidance, ACV was within our guidance range and with the global end of life on perpetual coming in two quarters for all products except Kepware, we remain on track with the recurring revenue projections that underlie the long range model we presented at LiveWorx. Momentum around our recurring revenue model continued in Q3, driving software revenue growth of 10%, recurring software revenue growth of 15% and ARR growth of 15%. This is the sixth consecutive quarter of double digit ARR growth.  Total differed revenue grew 33% year-over-year and 91% of our software revenue was recurring this quarter. These metrics make it clear that we’ve established a solid foundation for our growth going forward. Bookings grew 26% to $113 million, near the high end of our guidance, even in the face of FX headwinds in the quarter. Overall we were pleased with our bookings performance through the first three quarters of the fiscal year and believe we are on track to the constant currency bookings growth we had previously guided.  To summarize my comments here in Q3, I’ll once again orient my discussion around our three strategic initiatives designed to maximize long term shareholder value, which are first, to increase our top line growth; second, convert to a subscription model; and third, expand our margins. Let me start by discussing our progress on the growth front. I will mostly frame my comments around our year-to-date growth performance. Year-to-date bookings grew 15% overall and 11% in constant currency. From a geographic perspective, Americas has delivered solid performance with 8% bookings growth and as compared to a strong growth of 17% over the same period last year. Europe, year-to-date bookings grew 3% in constant currency, but also against very strong results in fiscal ’17 where we had 26% constant currency growth. Also the $7 million mega deal that we closed early in Q4 of ’17 instead of Q1 of ’18 as originally planned, significantly impacts Europe’s year-to-date bookings growth percentage.  As we discussed with you on our Q2 earnings call, our outlook for Europe called for strong sequential bookings growth this quarter due to the timing of large deals and the European team came through with 25% sequential, constant currency bookings growth in the third quarter. Performance in APAC with year-to-date constant currency bookings growth at more than 20% has been driven by solid performance in China, Taiwan and Korea and benefited from an easier comparison due to a weak Q3 performance in Japan.  Japan continued to progress well on its recovery, driving sequential growth again in Q3 and is tracking to a full year recovery plan. Based on our performance in Japan year-to-date and a good forecast for Q4, we believe we put our FY ’17 challenges in Japan behind us. Turning now to our business unit performance, let's start by discussing IoT, which is of course our highest growth business. For those of you who joined our June LiveWorx event, you were clearly exposed to some of the industry's most cutting edge IoT technology, you saw a strong partner ecosystem that helps us to engage customers around the globe, and if LiveWorx got your excited about PTCs’s momentum in IoT, then our Q3 results will add an exclamation point. Our bookings growth in the quarter well exceeded the estimated market growth rate. IoT bookings in the quarter were basically neck-to-neck with PLM bookings. Customer expansions once again accounted for over half of our ThingWorx bookings and the number of six figure deals grew by a record 80% year-over-year driven by these expansions. If you exclude the eight figure mega deal from Q1, 2017, then year-to-date IoT bookings growth is well above the 30% to 40% estimated market growth rate.  Recurring IoT software revenue growth accelerated again in Q3, posting 7% sequential growth and 33% year-over-year growth, reflecting the compounding benefit of our maturing subscription model that’s now starting to happen.  During the quarter we saw strength across the major IIoT use cases, geographies and vertical markets. I'll begin with SCO or Smart Connected Operations which you may recall is a $500 million market growing north of 40%. PTC is uniquely positioned to win in this market with a combination of ThingWorx, Kepware and Vuforia, and with the new partnership we secured with Rockwell Automation during this past quarter.  Through this partnership, which addresses the major secular trend of IT an OT convergence, PTC and Rockwell will align our respective factory automation technologies and both companies will sell a combined software suite into our respective markets. This will significantly increase PTC’s credibility and our go-to-market capacity in smart connected operations.  On top of that Rockwell automation will invest $1billion in PTC and Blake Moret, the company's Chairman and CEO will join our Board of Directors. Though it's only been a month and we're still really just getting started, we see ample evidence that this partnership will really move the needle for us.  In Q3 we closed new and expansion SCO deals in both discrete and process manufacturing. Some examples of new wins include for example in high tech a win at Hitachi; in semiconductors a win at Micron Technologies, and in automotive a win at a leading Scandinavian automotive OEM.  In the SCP or Smart Connected Product market we closed a number of meaningful expansions and new engagements. NCR signed a major expansion for the next generation of IoT offerings for the retail and hospitality industry. With their massive point of sale presence, NCR represents a major channel at the retail for our IoT business, nearing in some ways, what Rockwell Automation brings to us an industrial automation.  In the medical device space, we landed a nice deal with Medtronic and lastly within SCP we expanded our OEM relationship with telecom equipment giant Ericsson, who's embedding ThingWorx and Vuforia studio into their IoT accelerator platform. Ericsson too represents a major go-to-market channel into their customers, which are the global telecom providers.  In augmented reality, as I am sure many of you witnessed at LiveWorx, PTC has some incredible technology that addresses a variety of use cases across the industrial landscape. Our AR business is reported within the IoT number, but it we draw more specifically into AR, we achieved record AR bookings in the quarter, almost triple the year ago quarter and up almost 50% sequentially.  While it's still early in this market, Vuforia has been put into production at an accelerating pace and we now have over 10,000 enterprises who have purchased or are test driving this technology for service and maintenance instructions, factory operator instructions and virtual product demonstrations.  We have a very strong leadership position in AR. Interest levels are sky high and we are seeing commercial adoption accelerate. I'm confident that we're seeing another [inaudible] performance and then we’ll become increasingly material to PTC’s growth-rate over time.  On the partnership front we were pleased to see continued momentum with our strategic partnership with Microsoft. We closed Cannon new joint deals in the quarter and as mentioned at LifeWorx, there are more than 100 active joint opportunities in the pipeline globally.  One great example of our collaboration was a Q3 win at Alecta, which is a medical diagnostics company, who will implement ThingWorx and Azure IoT to connect thousands of customer assets, providing visibility into product performance and maximize uptimes for clinicians across the globe. And beyond the collaboration with our ThingWorx IoT platform we continue to deepen our partnership around Microsoft dynamics for connected deal service, and of course there's a lot of exciting collaboration happening with Microsoft’s HoloLens and Azur team’s on the AR and VR front or what Microsoft calls MR for Mixed Reality.  We are very excited to begin ramping our strategic partnership with Rockwell Automation. As you can imagine, a host of activities have kicked off around sales and services enablement, account targeting, branding and product integration planning amongst many other work streams. We look forward to providing you updates on our progress with Rockwell over the coming quarters.  To summarize on IoT and AR, Q3 was another strong indicator that adoption of these technologies is accelerating across a wide range of vertical markets, geographies and use cases. Our growing ecosystem of partners further strengthens PTC’s leadership position in these exciting growth market, so let me turn now to our solutions business.  Year-to-date double digit CAD bookings growth, as well all paced market growth rates and our outlook for the balance of the year remains strong. CAD continues to benefit from our go-to-market optimization initiative, evidenced now by 10 consecutive quarters of double digit bookings growth coming out of our reseller channel, as well as a very strong product offering.  On the CAD product front, Creo 5 which was released back in March has some breakthrough new capabilities for additive manufacturing, sometimes called 3D printing that we highlighted at LiveWorx such as fully integrated topology optimization. This is a major competitive advantage in the market today because no other CAD tool can optimize geometry within the CAD environment. Others do optimization by exporting the data out of CAD and into stand alone software that runs outside the CAD tool, but then the date that is created can’t easily be returned to the CAD environment, which effectively creates a broken tool chain problem. We don't have that problem would Creo.  Now complementing our internal product development in CAD, we announced an exciting new strategic partnership with ANSYS at LiveWorx. We will be embedding ANSYS’s breakthrough real time simulation called Discovery Live inside Creo to create the first fully integrated CAD and real time simulation solution. This announcement and demonstration was one of the biggest highlights a LiveWorx, and this amazing technology combination will expand Creo’s competitive market position for years to come.  We're planning an initial launch of Creo with embedded Discovery Life simulation later this year, and overtime we plan to integrate the full breadth of ANSYS simulation suite into Creo. So stay tuned for more details on the ANSYS relationship over coming quarters as well.  Turning to PLM, following a sequential decline in Q2 due to the timing of large deals, the PLM team delivered a solid Q3 with year-over-year growth in the low double digit. Year-to-date PLM bookings are tracking just ahead of market growth rates and the Q4 pipeline is very solid. We continue to expect this business to deliver a full year growth at or above the market.  Let me turn now to our second top level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is our transition to a subscription model. We delivered subscription ACB within our guidance range despite FX headwinds, but due to a very strong Q3 performance in AsiaPac where we still sell perpetual licenses, perpetual revenue was higher than forecasted. This resulted in a subscription mix of little below our guidance, but still up 1,400 basis points from Q3, 2017.  Subscription adaption trends remain strong across the globe and today we announced that as of January 1, 2019 we’ll be ending professional licensing globally, except for Kepware. We're very pleased with the momentum around our subscription transition and we have high confidence in our long term subscription and recurring software revenue targets we provided to you in June.  Let me wrap-up my comments by discussing our third top level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is to further increase our operating margins. In Q3 our operating margin was above the high end of our guidance, due primarily to higher perpetual license mix and was within our guidance range when accounting for mix, even despite FX headwinds. We expect greater than 200 basis points of margin expansion in fiscal ’18, then to achieve rapidly accelerating margin expansion in fiscal ‘19 and beyond, driven again by the compounding benefit of multiple years of our maturing subscription model.  In closing, I'd like to reiterate our commitment to the exciting long range plan for PTC that we shared a few weeks ago at LiveWorx. We've made great progress over the past few years, as evidenced by the performance of our core business, by our leadership position in the high growth IoT and the AR markets while our business model transitioned to subscriptions and are focused on disciplined cost and portfolio management. We're firmly on track to transform PTC into one of the premier software companies in the world.  With that, I'll turn the call over the Andy who will review the financial highlights with you.
Andy Miller: Thanks Jim and good afternoon everyone. Please note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance.  Q3 bookings of $113 million were near the high end of our guidance despite a $2 million FX headwind, representing year-over-year constant currency growth of 23%. I will remind you that Q3 ‘17 presented relatively easy compare due to Japan’s under performance last year, but overall we are pleased with our bookings result. Year-to-date bookings have grown 11% constant currency and 13% constant currency if you adjust for that $7 million mega deal that closed early in Q4 ‘17 instead of Q1 ‘18.  Total revenue was at the high end of our guidance and operating margin any EPS were above the high end of our guidance. Results in the quarter benefited from the higher than forecasted perpetual revenue. Offsetting this upside however was an FX headed if just over $3 million and $4 million lower than forecast professional services revenue. Also note that adjusted for FX, recurring software revenue would have been at the high end of our guidance range.  Total revenue of $315 million was up 8% year-over-year. Software revenue was up 10% despite a 1,400 basis point increase in our subscription mix. Subscription revenue grew 69% and total recurring software revenue grew 15%. Approximately 91% of our Q3 software revenue was recurring.  Total differed revenue, billed plus unbilled, increased year-over-year by $301 million or 33%. Billed deferred revenue was up 4% due to the timing of quarter end, which was June 30 this year versus July 1 last year. Recurring billings on July 1 this year were about $39 million. So on an apples-to-apples basis, billed deferred would have increased 12%. ARR grew 15% year-over-year to almost $1 billion. Our support conversion program continues to progress well with 22 direct customers converting their support contracts to subscription at an ACD uplift of more than 50%. And in our channel, the new program continues to gain traction with 92 conversions in the quarter. We believe that the conversion opportunity within our customer base is substantial and will play out over many years. Continuing towards the P&L, OpEx of $186 million was within our guidance range, and Q3 operating margin of 18% was 90 basis points above the high end of our guidance. EPS of $0.36 was $0.02 above the high-end of our guidance. We estimate that higher than forecasted perpetual revenue and a lower tax rate together drive a $0.06 benefit offset by the negative impact from FX and lower services revenue resulting in $0.02 of upside to the high end of our guidance.  Moving to the balance sheet, cash and investments of $321 million were down $34 million from Q2 ‘18 and we completed the ASR program repurchasing 100 million of stock.  Now turning the guidance. We are adjusting our guidance to reflect current FX rates. We expect bookings in the range of $451 million to $468 million, a reduction of $5 million at the midpoint due to the $7 million negative impact from currency. This represents growth of 8% to 12% year-over-year or 12% to 16% when adjusting for that $7 million megadeal that closed early.  We now expect the subscription mix of 77% for the full year, reflecting a higher expected proportion of overall bookings from APAC, where we still offer perpetual software until January 1, 2019. We expect to exit the year around 82% mix and to achieve our 85% target makes in FY ‘19.  As Jim mentioned in his prepared remarks, we are confident that this modest mix shift does not impact achieving the long term targets we provided at LiveWorx . We expect fiscal ‘18 total revenue of $1.248 billion to $1.253 billion, a decrease of $5 million at the midpoint from our previous guidance, driven primarily by FX headwinds of $11 million and a decrease in professional services revenue, both partially offset by higher perpetual license revenue. We are raising total software revenue guidance by about $3 million at the midpoint to $1.08 billion to $1.084 billion, driven by higher perpetual revenue, partially offset by FX. This represents growth of 9% to 10% despite a subscription mix 800 basis points higher than last year.  Fiscal ‘18 recurring software revenue is expected to grow 14%, driven by approximately 68% growth in subscription revenue and recurring software revenue is expected to exceed 90% of total software revenue for the year. We now expect operating margin of approximately 18% to 19%, an increase of 100 basis points above our previous guidance, with rapid acceleration beginning in fiscal ‘19 as the compounding benefit of multiple years of our maturing subscription business model is realized.  With the tax rate of 8% to 9% for the full year, we expect EPS of a $1.41 to a $1.46, an increase at the midpoint of approximately $0.08 over our previous guidance, which is growth up 22%. We have provided an EPS bridge in the guidance section of our prepared remarks document to assist you in modeling the puts and takes from our prior guidance.  We continue to expect fiscal ‘18 free cash flow of $210 million to $220 million, year-over-year growth of 96% at the midpoint. Adjusted free cash flow is expected to be $214 million to $224 million, which excludes $4 million of cash payments related to our October 2015 restructuring. As with operating margin, we expect free cash flow to accelerate significantly in fiscal ‘19 as the subscription model matures.  Turning to Q4 guidance, we expect bookings in the range of $135 million to $152 million. Revenue is expected to be $318 million to $323 million. Q4 operating expenses are expected to be $180 million to $183 million resulting in operating margin of 21% to 22% and EPS to $0.41 to $0.46. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A 
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities. 
Jim Heppelmann: Hello Steve.
Andy Miller: Hi Steve. 
Steve Koenig: Hi everyone. Thanks very much for taking my question. Let's see, if I have only one, I'm going to ask you guys, any sign of trade frictions impacting the global demand environment? You guys are in a pretty good position to see those kind of impacts and anything – kind of expectations around that coming up.  And if I could just ask you the IoT software revenue, recurring grew nicely. The total software revenue decelerated a little bit from the nice Q2 performance. Just can you parse that out a little bit what’s happening with perpetuals and in IoT was there some swing there? 
Andy Miller: Yeah, let me let me answer that one. Basically the subscription mix in IoT went up 1700 basis points from a year ago. We had a large, almost $2 million perpetual order a year ago which helped to the revenue a year ago. So it’s all driven by subscription mix. The recurring IoT software revenue grew 33%. I think we were 25% or 26% with the fact that the we had a big perpetual revenue number a year ago. 
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah and on the question about trade friction, I mean we had overall a strong bookings quarter and it was solid here in the U.S. So you know I ask myself the same question, but I don't think we have any evidence right now of that, it’s something we should keep an eye on, but I think as of this moment we haven’t seen anything. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays Capital.
Jim Heppelmann: Hello Saket. 
Saket Kalia: Hey Jim, hey Andy, hey guys. Thanks for taking my question here. You know maybe for you Jim, strong performance in APAC where perpetual is of course more the norm; I think we saw that in this quarter’s mix. We are also discontinuing perpetual worldwide starting January 1. Can you just talk about culturally where that region is in accepting subscription and how well you think the sales force is trained to perhaps sell that way in a region after January 1?
Jim Heppelmann: Well, I think the way to look at this Saket is, if we were to go a little bit deeper into the different regions of APAC, Japan has been strongly on subscription for a long time and really the latter has been China. But if you look at Q3 of a year ago about a third of our business was subscription and if you look at this past Q3 in China, about two-thirds of our business was subscription, so actually the trend is quite positive. And you know I think at some level, if you ask what do Chinese customers want? Well, they want to steal our software mostly, that's what we've learned over the years.  So, I think to a certain extent we look around and see how other companies have been successful with subscription models in China and the answer is absolutely and so we're not really worried about cultural support. You know we think we've got a good business model. We are two-thirds of the way there and made amazing progress in the last year. You know we just need to finish the job and that's what we are planning to do.
Andy Miller: And Saket, one thing I want to add is you actually said what the norm is to buy perpetual. With two-thirds being subscription, the norm is actually subscription for us there now. So one is, you've got to frame it from that perspective. Simply the fact that we just, that we still offer perpetual, just a modest shift in mix of geos, a couple of large deals frankly is what drives the over – that subscription mix number is highly sensitive. Pretty much even million dollars is a percent.
Jim Heppelmann: Right and you know we had we a strong bookings quarter. Frankly we had a strong bookings quarter in China and a lot of the upside ended up being perpetual. So you know we're not reading much into this, and it actually doesn't mean much, because pretty soon there won’t be a choice and we're pretty confident that customers will keep buying our software, because that’s actually the trend. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. 
Jim Heppelmann: Hello Ken.
Andy Miller: Hi Ken.
Ken Talanian: Hello! Thanks for taking the question. Actually just to follow up on Saket‘s question. Do you attribute any of the strength in APAC to perpetual pre-buying that might present a headwind next calendar year?
Andy Miller: Not yet, not yet. We think there'll be a little bit in the fourth quarter and we even got a program running for that and we have an assumption and obviously we have good experience of end of life now in America and Western Europe. So it gives us a little bit more data to determine how much we think is going to happen in the fourth quarter, but the bigger piece will be in the first quarter. The other thing I’d say is that you know the size of that business compared to Americas and Western Europe is so much smaller that even though, you would think behaviorally they might drive perpetual buy, it's just not that big of a business. 
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, and keep in mind, we didn’t announce the end of perpetual sales until today. So unless those customers were listening in on investor conversations like this, they would have no reason to really understand that's coming. So I don't think that was the factor. I think that just there was some deals where the customer had a strong preference and our sales guys had a strong preference to close the deal and that’s what happened. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Monika Garg with KeyBanc.
Jim Heppelmann: Hello Monika.
Monika Garg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I have a question on the bookings guidance range. You know looking at Q4, bookings guidance range is about $17 million between low end $135 million, high end $152 million. But if I look last year or last quarter, the range has been kind of more tighter, somewhere $8 million to $10 million. Is anything leading to a larger range and what needs to happen for bookings to come towards the high end of the range? Thanks. 
Andy Miller: So, you know first off you got to realize that the guide is about 40% higher than a typical quarter for us. So it makes sense it should be bigger and frankly we looked back historically at our performance in the fourth quarter, a quarter where there is a lot more big deals and there tends to be more variability. You know for example last year we ended $12 million I think it was above the high end of our guidance. The year before we ended up $21 million above the high end of our guidance. The year before I don’t know the exact amount of the guidance, but I know we were well over for example the internal forecasts.  So we think it’s more appropriate for us to have a bigger guidance range in the fourth quarter, especially because big deals can be subject to timing and a big deal can move the number and there's a lot more of them in our fourth quarter than in other quarters. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks. Hi, good evening. Hello. 
Jim Heppelmann: Hi Jay. Yeah, we are here. We’re waiting for your question.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Sorry. This question is for you Jim. You’ve assembled over last year or so quite a good set of partnerships and in history of the company which you know I go back ways with you, it's pretty unprecedented in terms of business and technology partnerships.  The question I have is, how are you managing that? That is to say you have you, Matt, Andy, Barry, etcetera at the top of the company managing that and cultivating that, but how are you permeating these relationships more deeply in the company, both in terms of technology, business and in the field, and so that’s kind of a broader corporate question.  And then just a shorter term question for you Andy, your services revenue were below expectations, you pointed out. Is there anything going on in there in terms of the timing, mix or scope or number of engagements that we should be aware of or is it mostly currency?
Andy Miller: Actually only a small amount of currency, primarily just timing of some of the big engagements, that’s really the driver. And we continue to try to make sure we are doing the most valuable part of an engagement and have a really strong ecosystem and so we continue to kind of partner with them and try to give them as much as we can, because it makes them – helps them drive demand frankly to our platform. 
Jim Heppelmann: I think if I could say you know, we want to forecast and guide as accurately as possible. That said, a decline in service revenue kind of washes off our back. It doesn't mean that much loss, because it’s not our strategy to grow that business. But coming back to your first question, I do think we are doing something that is unprecedented with partnerships. You know sort of like what we've done with operating margins was unprecedented and getting back to double digit growth rates was unprecedented for much of the time you tracked our company Jay.  But I think you know we looked and said, ‘hey, we do want to be one of the best software companies in the world and what are all the things we need to do and we have subscription, and growth and profit, but ecosystem, whether it’s the SIs or the partnerships with Rockwell and ANSYS and Microsoft and I might add MCR and Erickson and so forth. So we think the partnerships are very important.  Now we have done a special thing already with Microsoft and Rockwell and that is we've taken one of our long term executives, Tony DiBona, and put a little organization together and said, ‘Tony you head that organization and your job is to make these partnerships successful.’ So this is an executive who's reporting to me and his job is to make Microsoft and Rockwell successful. Now he's a bit of an overly function, so the revenue will still roll up your math and so forth, but you know we want to make sure that we have people who are dedicated and it is their day job to do the right amount of enablement and support and over lay sales support and so forth and so that we are doing in terms of managing these partnerships.  We’ll probably do something like that with ANSYS, but it's just a bit premature because we don’t have the product to market yet, so that's really mostly at this point an R&D project. But I do think we are doing different and unprecedented things to try to make these partnerships work and I'm pretty optimistic it’s going to work, because Tony is a very talented executive when it comes to managing a project like this.
Andy Miller: The one thing I would add is in addition to Tony and his team, right now there's very specific and dedicated for Rockwell, program management at both companies that are driving combined work streams around account targeting, sales enablement, product integration, there's a whole set of work streams and in fact today there was a – in fact this week there's been a summit and there are 50 Rockwell folks here, including a number of senior exects, basically launching all of these work streams and launching the entire program, so we can really accelerate the success we hope to have here. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Oliver with Baird.
Jim Heppelmann: Hello Rob. 
Rob Oliver: Hi guys. Hi, how are you? Thanks for taking my question guys. Jim, a question for you. Obviously there's a lot of enthusiasm about the Rockwell partnership on the smart connected operations side. But on smart connected products, you know two of three reference customers that you listed were potential channels and I just want to talk a little bit about kind of where we are in the evolution of SEP and then perhaps get a little bit more color on how you kind of view those potential channel relationships. Thanks guys. 
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, actually Rob that’s a very insightful question, because what happens is we actually do have trouble sometimes determining when is one of these logos a customer and when is it a channel, because in many cases like if you take – if we take NCR for example, they want to put the thing that works in their point of sale you know, let's call them cash registers just to simplify things and they want to deliver that product to the customer site and then monitor it. So at that point they are customer.  But now they say you know, we actually want to go into the store and offer a set of services and frankly the ability to connect assets from vendors other than ourselves, so now they start looking like a go-to-market partner. Sort of like the equivalent of Rockwell is doing that in factories and NCR is doing it in stores. So I think many SCP customers end up actually not just using the technology, but delivering services to their customer for hire based on the technology, and then they end up you know actually paying us a royalty for that. So it’s an interesting question. I mean it is a good thought to have. I don't care whether customers are partners as long as a they are successful, it's going to be great either way.  I think though for us the breakthrough with SCP is really the partnership with Microsoft, because the thing that's always true in a smart connected product use case is there’s products all over the world and you want to collect data and bring it back to some central source. That source by definition is going to be a cloud and its either going to be a private cloud or public cloud.  If it’s a private cloud we’ll just sell software. If it’s a public cloud, we don’t want to be competing with Microsoft, you know what I am saying. ‘Okay, we have a cloud for you,’ no we don't want to have a cloud we want to have a partner named Microsoft who has that infrastructure, because we don't want to be putting a proposal that you know in front of the customer that Microsoft sees as competitive. Because then we end up in an unhealthy and unnecessary competition.  So I think that the partnership with Microsoft is really, really important and I'm very pleased with the performance we had in this past quarter. It feels like we wanted to see some good evidence that that partnership is working and in fact we did, so it feels pretty good. 
Andy Miller: The other thing is the 10 deals that we closed, they're actually a little bit larger than our first deal that we typically closed ourselves. So that’s our actually interesting, 10 is a small number so I don’t want to call it a trend, but there is definitely – they are larger. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. 
Jim Heppelmann: Hello Sterling. 
Sterling Auty: Hey, thanks guys. So I want to drill in on the commentary and the talk of the strength in the second half from Asia has been factored into the guidance. Well based on the guidance for the second half, I guess it would imply that maybe another region is not as strong as what you originally had in the guide. Kind of curious which region that might be if that's the right read and kind of the factors for it?
A - Jim Heppelmann: Well you are talking about a few million dollars on $450 million and $460 million midpoint. So when we – we have multiple paths to get to our final number. As we look at the most likely outcomes of those paths, it’s a little bit more weighted to APAC where we actually have a little bit more perpetual revenue.  I mean we basically took our fourth quarter guide down by 3% as far as the mix. So that’s just one or two deals looking one way or another. We had to make a call and that’s the call we made. There's no – bottom line is, is that the GEOs are – America is performing to our plan, AMEA had a nice recovery, APAC is a little stronger than we expected. Japan’s hitting the plan for the year, has a nice Q4 forecast. So there is nothing to read into that. 
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Gabriela Borges with Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges: Great, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Jim, maybe just on Discovery Live, I’m curious, maybe based on the feedback that you've gotten since the announcement and your understanding of the composition of PTCs CAD base, do you have a sense for what percentage or what types of customers within the CAD base would be interested in buying through the Discovery Life partnership?  And then one clarification for Andy if I could. I think you mentioned a couple of times that there are large deals in the pipeline for PLM in 3Q and 4Q of this year. Just curious how the volume of large deals comprise relative to loss Jim? If there is anything interesting happening there from a vertical standpoint? Thank you. 
Jim Heppelmann: Okay, I’ll take the first question on Discovery Life. So just to simplify things for the benefit of everybody, think of Discovery Life being like a spell checker in a word processing document. You used to write a lot of text and then you’d stop writing and you would spell check and you’ll find all the mistakes. You’ll fix them all and then go back to writing more new text.  And now like in Microsoft Word that spell check is running all the time and as you're typing or misspelling a word, it's already showing you that doesn't look like a word to me and if you make a capitalization mistake its correcting itself. So now take that kind of metaphor if you will and bring it over to CAD. We used to design, design, design, stop designing and go simulate find a whole bunch of problems, try to fix them all and then go back to designing. Now as you design its watching over your shoulder and literally every change you make, it tells you what are the implications of that change and that's a long way of answering your question. But I want to say is who wouldn't want a spell checker in Microsoft Word. Anybody on the phone call here that have no use for a spell checker?  So I think that everybody wants it, every single user and probably especially the ones that are creating geometry would benefit from this capability. Now we would have to figure out its kind of amazing thing and we don't know how fast and how far the penetration will go, but I will tell you, we should end up with a very high penetration of this technology into our CAD base. I would be surprised if that didn’t happen. 
Andy Miller: And your second question, so in the third quarter large deals were back in our normal range, so we had a lot more than we had obviously the quarter before. The pipeline we had a lot more and we closed a lot more, we had good closed rates in the quarter and as we look at Q4, it looks like the Q4 pipeline with lots of large deals, including the average size is a little big larger frankly in the fourth quarter typically than in other quarters. So it looks like a Q4 pipeline in the software company. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Jim Heppelmann: Hello Matt. 
Matt Hedberg: Hi guys, thanks for talking the questions. I wanted to circle back on Azur, you know at Analyst Day I think Jim you may have mention there are about 100 deals that you guys were working on. I know you just said on a prior question that we're quite happy with the results. I'm wondering if you could give us a little bit of an update on what those deals look like. I'm curious, are most of these from customers within your base are using added functionality or are these – is a lot of net new. Just trying to get a better understanding for what that customer profile looks like?
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, give me a second, I actually have a list here and I have to be careful, because I probably can’t tell you the names. But let me try to see if I could characterize them. Hang on, okay I found the page.  So let me first say, jut looking at the list, its lots of different types of customers, many of which are not our current customers and some are. I see a couple medical device companies. I see you know three of four, let's just call them diversified industrial companies. I see a few electronics companies. So you know – and frankly half the names on the list I don't know. So that doesn’t prove they are not our customers, but they are not significant customers or I would recognize their name.  So I do think it's kind of just a mixture. You know we're being successful working customers we may already know, but we're also being successful pursuing new prospects that neither one of us knows them or maybe Microsoft knows them and we just found them or perhaps Microsoft introduced them to us. So it's kind of a – it's a good combination which I think is a good thing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Broome with Cowen & Company.
Matthew Broome: Thanks. How was demands for Navigate during the quarter?
Jim Heppelmann: Strong quarter for Navigate. Strong quarter for PLM, usually means a strong quarter for Navigate, but it was a strong quarter for Navigate, one of the highest ones actually historically. 
Andy Miller: I don’t think it was a record, but it was… 
Jim Heppelmann: Not a record, but it was very close. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gal Munda with Berenberg Capital Market. 
Jim Heppelmann: Hello Gal. 
Gal Munda: Hey guys. I just had a question on the PTC and Rockwell partnerships. You guys said that there’s some programs that have kicked off now. Lot of – already had some time to maybe asses where you guys are seeing the potential to go-to-market together and if you look at that, can you talk a bit about the customer overlap if you've managed to kind assets that space. How much of the customers from your base overlap with them and how much them and maybe proportionally then show what the opportunity is when they go out to market with IoT offering as well.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay yeah, that's an interesting question. Let me first say that during the coding process we actually did person some customers together and we did do field integration of the products just to test the whole thesis with real live customers and those tests came back very positive.  So we actually do have some sales campaigns running, but let's say we are not trying to figure out how to make that much larger, because Rockwell has roughly 35,000 major customers and several thousand people in their sales force, I think a 1000 of which carry a quota. So to us that’s a massive channel to market, but it takes work to train and enable such a channel. But coming to your question about the overlap under lap, I’d say it’s about a third overlap and two thirds under lap. For example, Rockwell has quite strong presence in pharmaceutical. PTC does almost nothing in pharmaceutical. Rockwell does a lot in chemicals, food and beverage, you know these are not typical, oil and gas, mining and material.  These are – now we both do automotive. However it turns out that Rockwell has incredible strength in North American automotive and for PTC that’s a relative weak spot. So I think there's a kind of a mixed, but I think definitely what will happen is Rockwell Automation to be precise will bring PTC into a lot of new accounts and we in turn will bring Rockwell Automation into lot of new accounts.  So I think there is the immediate selling of the combined suite, but then how could each of us leverage. You know could Rockwell once introduced into a PTC account sell more industrial automation hardware for example? Perhaps. Could PTC sell CAD and PLM and other products that we have in our suite? Perhaps. But I think if we just kept it at the level of cross selling our respective IT, OT convergence suite, you know that by itself could be very, very interesting. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shankar Subramanian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jim Heppelmann: Hello, Shankar.
Shankar Subramanian: Hi guys, thanks for letting me ask the question. I have a question on the automotive side. Could you add some color on the BMW deal, how it is progressing, and maybe as a follow-up, how is the conversation with other OEMs? Can you see any large deals or partnerships coming up in the next three to six months? Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah well, first of all, the BMW dealer that’s a very large project and therefore we are still relatively in the early phases, but it's going very well. In fact we had a contingent of BMW executives business in the last couple of weeks and it was a very, very positive meeting. So I think you know things are going well on that project. Now in terms of how do we take that other automotive companies. Well, let me first say the project we're doing with BMW is a special project that you know BMW needs and its highly valuable and I'm not exactly sure every other customer would need it you know. It's just between us, SCP, you know order configurator and then SCP production management system. We're helping BMW figure out if we're going to build that our as configured that way in one of these 19 batteries, a specific one, how would you build that? What would be to build material and so forth? So that's a good project.  Now that said, we have a lot of stuff going on in the automotive business right now, but particularly IoT in factories or what we call an SCO. I mention the Scandinavian project. I can tell you BMW's interested. We're doing some projects I previously talked about on these calls. Toyota, there's a number of suppliers. This is in North American and the automotive companies we’re talking to that Rockwell is helping us. So there's lots of stuff happening in the automotive industry. I would characterize it right now that the biggest entry point into these accounts appears to be IoT in the factory. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JP Morgan.
Jim Heppelmann: Hello Sterling.
Andy Miller: Welcome back. Sterling?
Sterling Auty: Yep, sorry about that. I was on mute. I am back. So just one follow up question on the subscription mix commentary on 2019 that you're on target to hit the 85% with elimination of perpetual on January 1. If Kepware is the only perpetual that’s available for three out of the four quarters of fiscal ‘19 and you're still expecting 85% mix, does that kind of suggest that Kepware is north of 10% of the booking? Or really is that 85% mix you know something that you could probably blow through in terms of subscription? 
Andy Miller: No, Kepware is not anywhere near 10% of the bookings. Okay, but we are going to try to drive our subscription mix as high as we can. 85% is a good model for today and we’ll update you as we see ourselves going above that. 
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, you know maybe when we think about down the road guidance next year some, you know we'll look at what's the right number, but that’s the number we’ve had out there and I think at this point just having announced today, we're not ready to revisit that yet. We certainly hope we can – I don't want to use the term bolt through it, but let's say surpass it. 
Andy Miller: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the question-and-answer session I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Heppelmann. 
Jim Heppelmann : Okay, great. Thank you, operator. Thanks to all of you who spent an hour on the phone with us here, I appreciate that. You know I think if you step back and look at our Q3 results, you know it's obvious once again that we're making good strong progress against our three strategic goals, our growth subscription and margin expansion. I know and you know that that will drive a lot of a long term shareholder value, so we feel good about the progress we're making and we hope that you do too. So thank you and have a good evening. Bye-bye. 
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-04-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Jim Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer Andy Miller - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI Matt Swanson - RBC Capital Markets Steve Koenig - Wedbush. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Ugam Kamat - JPMorgan Monika Garg - KeyBanc Matt Lemenager - Baird Alexander Frankiewicz - Berenberg Capital Markets Shankar Subramaniam - Bank of America
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by and welcome to the PTC 2018 Second Quarter Conference call. During today's presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be opened for questions. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Good afternoon, and thank you Shue and welcome to PTC's 2018 second quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Cohen, Chief Strategy Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast and a replay of the call will be available later today on our Investor Relations Web site. During the call, PTC will make forward-looking statements including guidance as to future operating results based because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today April 18, 2018 and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During this call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our Investor Relations Web site. With that, I would like to turn the call over to PTC's CEO, Jim Heppelmann.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks Tim. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. I'd like to begin with the review of the second quarter results and then provide some perspectives on the significant milestones that we achieved in the quarter. Our Q2 financial performance was strong and we continue to make important strides against our major strategic initiatives during the quarter. Revenue, operating margin and earnings per share each came in above the high-end of our guidance. Momentum around our recurring revenue model progressed further in Q2 with software revenue growing 12% and ARR growing 15%. This is the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit ARR growth. Total deferred revenue grew 43% year-over-year. Importantly more than 90% of our software revenue was recurring this quarter. These results clearly demonstrate that we've established a great growth platform for our business going forward. We delivered a solid bookings of $99 million, which was at the midpoint of our guidance. We had one large deal forecasted in Q2 that instead closed in the early part of Q3, which otherwise would have landed us near the high-end of guidance. Timing of larger deals can be a bit unpredictable. However, we're pleased with our bookings performance in the first half see a strong pipeline for the remainder of the year and remain committed to our double-digit bookings growth target for fiscal '18. To summarize my commentary on Q2, I will again orient my discussion around our three strategic initiatives designed to maximize long-term shareholder value, which are, number one to increase our top-line growth; number two to convert to a subscription model; and number three to expand our margins. So let me start by discussing our progress on the growth front. Given that we're at the midpoint of our fiscal year, I'll frame my comments around our first half performance. First half bookings grew 10% overall, 5% in constant currency and 9% in constant currency when adjusting for the early close of the $7 million mega deal, we called out at the end of Q4 last year. You recall that last year we grew bookings 20% in the first half of the year. So we performed reasonably well against a very tough compare. From a geographic perspective, America has delivered good performance with 7% bookings growth against very strong first half growth last year of 36%. Europe bookings are approximately flat year-over-year in constant currency, but also against very strong first half performance in fiscal '17 where we had 26% constant currency growth. Also the $7 million mega deal we closed early in Q4 instead of in Q1 as we had expected significantly impacts the perspective on Europe's first half growth. Europe was down sequentially and year-over-year in Q2. We expected this at the start of the quarter and it was reflected in our guidance which is based on the timing of large deals in the pipeline throughout the year primarily coming from our PLM segment. For Q3, we expect significant sequential bookings growth in Europe driven by a strong large deal pipeline. Performance in APAC with first half constant currency bookings growth of 9% has been driven by solid performance in China, Taiwan and Korea. Japan has made continued progress on its path to recovery delivering as usual significant sequential step up from Q1 to Q2, and appears to be tracking to its full year plan which calls for modest growth. Turning now to our business unit performance. Let's start by discussing IoT, which is our highest growth business. We had another good quarter with strong contribution from customers expansions accounting for about half of our [indiscernible] bookings and the number of six figure deals grew 45% year-over-year driven by these expansions. If you exclude the 8 figure mega deal from Q1 of 2017, IoT bookings growth for the first half of fiscal '18 is in line with a 30% to 40% estimated market growth rate, we've spoken of. IoT recurring software revenue growth accelerated in Q2 posting 13% sequential growth and 31% year-over-year growth reflecting the compounding benefit of our maturing subscription model that's now starting to happen. Let me share some customer examples that highlight the wide variety of vertical markets, geographies and use cases where PTC's industry leading IoT technologies are being put into production. I'll start with smart connected operations, what we call SEO, which is all Industrie 4.0 factory automation. During the quarter, we closed an expansion deal in the Americas with one of the leading global food and beverage companies to extend their Industrie 4.0 initiatives across their entire manufacturing footprint. This latest ThingWorx expansion is part of a long-term deployment plan targeting up to 20 new plants over the next 18 months. Also in the Americas, Exxon Mobile is leveraging ThingWorx to build condition based analytics and maintenance apps that provide operational and asset optimization. Meanwhile in the European aerospace and defense market, Airbus is launching a new ThingWorx space application in its manufacturing environment to guide shop floor operators through complex procedures in order to improve production quality. And in China, we closed an SEO deal with the airframe company called AVEC who is using ThingWorx to drive factory operational efficiencies by deploying what they call connected operational intelligence, which aggregates analyzes and delivers insights from disparate silos of assets, enterprise systems and operators. Lastly, in what for PTC is a greenfield market of process manufacturing recall that last quarter we highlighted two new wins one with a very large Swiss-based food and beverage company and one with the global brewing company Carlsberg. I'm pleased to report that both customers have already signed expansion deals with PTC providing tangible evidence of the rapid ROI that ThingWorx can deliver on the field. Turning to smart, connected products what we call SCP, which is the traditional use case for IoT. We closed a number of meaningful expansions and new engagements. Southwest Airlines which is an existing PTC service parts management customer shows ThingWorx to enhance their part planning operations by integrating data from other systems with the goal of reducing parts shortages and critical long lead parts. In the medical device space, one of our global Boston-based Medtech customer has signed an expansion deal to connect the next generation product platform enabling improved device management, more efficient doctor and surgical processes and ultimately improve patient outcomes. On the partnership front, you remember in late January, we signed a strategic partnership with Microsoft that aligns both companies around the combination of ThingWorx and Azure IoT. We were pleased to see this new partnership yield result right out of the gate as we close several smart, connected product engagements in the quarter including a significant joint-win with a well-known elevator company. This company will deploy ThingWorx together with Microsoft's Azure IoT Hub to deliver the next generation advanced condition based and predictive maintenance across their installed base of elevators. Behind the scenes of the early commercial success with Microsoft there's a lot of exciting work going on globally around sales enablement and pipeline collaboration, which is a testament to the power that both teams see in the complementary stack of IoT technology that PTC and Microsoft delivered together to the industrial market. It's important to know that the scope of our partnership with Microsoft extends beyond the ThingWorx out of IoT platform into collaboration with Microsoft Dynamics for connected field service. And there's a lot of exciting collaboration happening with Microsoft's HoloLens and Azure teams on the AR and VR front what Microsoft calls Mixed Reality or MR. So we have a multifaceted relationship, but IoT really acts as the core pillar knitting all of the other parts together. With PTC and Microsoft emerging as complementary leaders in Mixed Reality, I'd like to touch on the momentum that PTC is seeing around our Vuforia based technologies. Vuforia is being put into production now at an accelerating pace across the number of industrial use cases. Vuforia developer ecosystem has surpassed 450,000 developers and ThingWorx studio which is based on the Vuforia now has nearly a 8,000 enterprises who have purchased or at least test driving this AR technology for a broad range of industrial use cases including service and maintenance instructions, factory operator instructions and virtual product demonstrations. We landed a number of ThingWorx studio production wins in Q2 including the world's largest aerospace and defense manufacturer as well as Cannondale and Briggs & Stratton, which speaks to the growing interest for AR across different types of industrial settings. While it's still early days for AR, we have a very strong leadership position. Interest levels from customers are sky high and we're seeing commercial adoption begin to accelerate. To summarize on IoT and AR, Q2 provided another proof point that adoption of these technologies is becoming a major strategic differentiator for industrial companies across a wide range of vertical markets, geographies and use cases. Our growing ecosystem of partners including major players like Microsoft further strengthens PTC's leadership position in these exciting growth markets. Let me turn now to our solutions business. Year-to-date CAD bookings have considerably outpaced market growth rates and our outlook for the balance of the year remains very strong. CAD continues to benefit from our go-to-market optimization initiatives evidenced now by nine consecutive quarters of double-digit bookings growth in our reseller channel as well as a very strong product offering. On the CAD product front, we launched Creo 5 in March. Creo 5 introduces breakthrough new capabilities for additive manufacturing or 3D printing if you prefer. Such is fully integrated topology optimization. It also delivers integrated Computational Fluid Dynamics or CFD. These are the capabilities that are in Creo for the first time. As with every release Creo 5 is full of productivity enhancements for our users including significant improvements in the areas of mold machining and multi-CAD collaboration. Creo 5 is a major step forward for Creo and it shows the CAD world that PTC remains a force to reckon with. Following a strong Q1 PLM declined sequentially in Q2 as we had expected due to the timing of large deals in the pipeline. On the first half basis, PLM bookings are tracking at market growth rates. The PLM pipeline for the back half of fiscal '18 looks good and we expect this business to have a strong backup and deliver a full year growth at or above the market rate. Finally, our SLM business which you may recall has been performing below our expectations for a number of quarters posted solid results in Q2 highlighted by service parts management wins at Airbus and Pratt & Whitney. You will recall that we reorganized the SLM team under new leadership several quarters ago and the signs that this business will respond and improve are encouraging. To close-off my commentary on the growth front, the first half of the year is off to a very good start and based on our outlook for the balance of the year, we expect to deliver double-digit bookings and recurring software revenue growth for the fiscal year. Let me turn now to our second top level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is our transition to a subscription business model. Our Q2 subscription mix of 78% was up 1,100 basis points in Q1 reflecting the end of professional license sales in the Americas and in Western Europe. The 78% was just slightly below our guidance due to the one large deal that slipped from Q2 to the beginning of Q3. I also want to highlight that this past quarter 91% of our software revenue was recurring the highest level to-date. And despite a subscription mix that 700 basis points higher than Q2 a year ago, our software revenues still grew 12%. Overall, we're very pleased with the momentum around our subscription transition and we have high confidence in our long-term subscription and recurring software revenue targets. Let me wrap-up my comments by discussing our third to-level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is to further increase our operating margins. To start, I like to point out that we hit a very important milestone in Q2 by achieving professional services margins of 21% surpassing for the first time ever the 20% target that we've been promising and tracking toward for years. I want to congratulate Matt Cowen and his services team because it's been a long but steady march from the sluggish single-digit service margins, we used to have to today's margins in the 20% range, which I trust most of you would agree is best-in-class for a captive professional services business. It will take a few more quarters to prove that the 20% services margins are the new norm, but I'm confident that Matt and team will prove that out. And of course, once they do, we'll ask them to aim higher. In Q2, our operating margin was above the high-end of guidance and was an improvement of 160 basis points over Q2 of '17. As we continue to progress through the back half of the subscription transition, we expect to deliver continued operating margin expansion in fiscal '18, and then, achieved rapidly accelerating margin expansion in fiscal '19 and beyond driven by the compounding benefit of multiple years of our maturing subscription model coming into play. In closing, I'd like to reinforce our commitment to the long range plan. We have to transform PTC into one of the premier software companies in the world. Our current plan says that by 2021, we will achieve revenues approaching $2 billion with double-digit growth rates and margins in the low 30s. At our Lifeworks event in June, in Boston, we will have an embedded investor track where we plan to give you an updated view over 2021 targets and to extend our long range plan out through 2023 to give added transparency to the substantial value creation engine that we're building for our shareholders. I think you'll enjoy seeing how compelling our business looks when all of the business model transition effects are finally behind us. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy who will review the financial highlights with you.
Andy Miller: Thanks Jim. Good afternoon everyone. Please note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance. Q2 bookings of $99 million were at the midpoint of our guidance despite a large forecasted deal that did not close until the beginning of Q3. If we had closed this deal on time, bookings and ACV would have been near the higher end of our guidance and subscription mix would have been 79% in line with our guidance. As we anticipated when we guided in January, Q2 bookings grew 4% as reported and were about flat in constant currency against a very tough compare primarily driven by the timing of large deals in the pipeline across the year. Large deals those over $1 million were actually at historically low levels in the quarter just as we had anticipated back in January based upon the opening pipeline. Yet we still delivered nearly 100 million in bookings a testament to the broad strength in our base business. With significantly more large deals in the pipeline as we enter Q3, we expect a material up tick in large deal bookings which is reflected in guidance. Revenue, operating margin and the EPS all exceeded the high-end of our guidance and we had an exceptionally strong free cash flow. Total deferred revenue billed plus unbilled increased year-over-year by $382 million or 43%. Billed deferred revenue was up 1% due to the timing of quarter end, which was March 31 this year versus April 1 last year. Recurring billings on April 1 this year were about $79 million, so on an apples-to-apples basis, billed deferred revenue would've increased 17%. ARR grew 15% year-over-year, the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. You will see from our guidance that we expect to hit $1 billion in ARR next quarter. Our support conversion program continues to progress well with 34 enterprise customers converting their support contracts to subscription and in our channel, the new program that we launched in Q4 '17 continues to gain traction with 115 conversions in the quarter. We believe that the conversion opportunity within our customer base is substantial and will continue to play out over many years. Turning to the income statement, total second quarter revenue of $308 million was $3 million above the high-end of our guidance and up 10% year-over-year. Q2 was the fifth quarter of year-over-year revenue growth since launching our subscription program at the beginning of fiscal '16 highlighting that the subscription trough is well behind us. Software revenue was up 12% year-over-year despite a 700 basis point increase in our subscription mix. Subscription revenue grew 71% and total recurring software revenue grew 15%. Approximately 91% of Q2 software revenue was recurring, a milestone the first time we crossed the 90% threshold. Operating expense in the second quarter of $179 million was within our guidance range and Q2 operating margin was 60 basis points above our guidance range of 16% to 17%. EPS of $0.34 was $0.02 above the high-end of our guidance. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and investments at the $355 million were up $13 million from Q1 '18 and we repaid $100 million of debt. Free cash flow for the quarter was $106 million and today we announced that we will be executing a $100 million accelerated stock repurchase program beginning on April 20 that we expect to complete this quarter. Now turning to guidance, we are raising top and bottom line as well as free cash flow guidance. And there is no change to our full year bookings guidance since the large deal that slipped from Q2 was closed in early Q3. We continue to expect bookings in the range of $455 million to $475 million. This represents growth of 9% to 13% year-over-year or 12% to 17% when adjusting for that $7 million mega deal that closed right at the end of last year instead of during Q1. We continue to expect a subscription mix of 80% for the full year and expect to exit the year in the mid 80% range. We expect fiscal '18 total revenue of $1.25 billion to $1.26 billion an increase of $13 million at the midpoint of our previous guidance driven by a $10 million increase in recurring software revenue. We've increased our subscription revenue guidance to 475 million to 480 million growth of approximately 70% year-over-year. Fiscal '18 recurring software revenue is now expected to grow 15%. Total software revenue is expected to grow 9% to 10% despite a subscription mix of 1,100 basis points higher than last year. And ARR is expected to grow in the mid teens. Note that we expect recurring software revenue to exceed 90% of total software revenue for the full year. We continue to expect operating margin of approximately 17% to 18% with rapid acceleration beginning in fiscal '19 as the compounding benefit of multiple years of our maturing subscription business model is realized. With a tax rate of 9% to 11% for the full year, we expect EPS of $1.31 to a $1.41, an increase of $0.02 over our previous guidance which is growth of 16% at the midpoint. We are also raising our fiscal '18 free cash flow guidance by $15 million to a range of $210 million to $220 million, year-over-year growth of 96% at the midpoint. Adjusted free cash flow is now expected to be $214 million to $224 million, which excludes 4 million of cash payments related to our October 2015 restructuring. As with operating margin, we expect free cash flow to accelerate significantly in fiscal '19 as the subscription model matures. Turning to Q3, we expect bookings in the range of 105 million to 115 million. Revenue is expected to be $310 million to $315 million. Q3 operating expenses are expected to be $184 million to $187 million up sequentially due to LiveWorx and commissions resulting in an operating margin of 16% to 17% and EPS of $0.30 to $0.34. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. You may go ahead.
Ken Talanian: Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could talk about the initial results you're seeing from the Microsoft partnership, how you expect that to evolve and whether there might be some other similar partnerships in the works?
Jim Heppelmann: Sure. So I think the Microsoft partnership was signed just before our last earnings call. So we talked a little bit about it. But anyway, we basically had two months to execute the partnership. So, there's a fair amount of sales, training and enablement that needs to happen in pipeline building and so forth. But I think what's exciting is Microsoft sees us as their go to market partner into the industrial world. And we see them as our core partner. And so any time we're talking to a customer about our cloud-based solution, which is almost all the time when talking about smart, connected products because they're trying to bring data from many distributed products together in the cloud. Then we're bringing Microsoft now into the fold. So Microsoft is seeing PTC contribute a lot of deals into the joint pipeline. And vice versa when they have a customer who wants to take Azure IoT and apply it to an industrial problem maybe integrated with Dynamics maybe not, they tend to now point their customer toward PTC. So for the most part just being frank, we're getting started and doing sales enablement and pipeline building. But it turns out there were a couple of customers who were -- let's say hoping for such a configuration because maybe previously PTC had presented one solution and Microsoft presented another and the customer saw merit in both and not that much overlap. But maybe we positioned ourselves at the time as competitors. So there's a couple of quick and easy deals that came in. The elevator company I spoke of a few others I think we even talked about the Colfax when we had the last earnings call. So there's a couple of them that quickly dropped in place because it was the perfect answer. We could stop positioning against each other and just go solve the problem together. So we're very excited and we're excited because again it's a partnership around IoT, but it's a bigger industrial partnership that also involved Dynamics makes a whole lot of HoloLens and Mixed Reality technology. Microsoft loves what we have and of course we think they have the best device in the HoloLens. So lots of stuff going on there. It's likely that we will pull PLM and CAD into this, but I'd say not a top priority. We'd like to focus our energy first on IoT and Dynamics and augmented reality, but it's a very exciting partnership. Now, I don't really need another cloud partner at this point. I'm pretty happy with Microsoft. But of course, we're looking for other partners, we've spoken of our desire for example to have a similar strong partner that might help us in Industrie 4.0 factory automation. That's a space where in my view we're selling a surprising amount of ThingWorx technology and Vuforia technology, but frankly we could sell a lot more if we had a partner who had a customer base and gave us more credibility and so forth because most people don't think PTC as a provider of factory automation amazing technology. We happen to have a very good product. So we're definitely looking for partners of all types. But I'd say there's a couple of killer partnerships in industrial world that we really want to have and Microsoft was one of them and industrial automation partner would be a second.
Ken Talanian: Great.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Edward with RBC Capital Markets. You may go ahead
Matt Swanson: Thanks. Hey, this is actually Matt Swanson on for Matt. To just kind of looking from a PMI perspective, it seems like it's been historically strong over the last year. And I was curious if you guys are seeing that strength in the macro environment. And then, just have you noticed any sort of difference in buying behavior or reacting to the macros in the subscription versus your previous licensing model?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. We have got a couple of questions there and they're very complicated.
Andy Miller: Bottom line is -- the economic backdrop remains very strong. PMIs are still in solid growth territory and they did tick down a little bit in Europe for example but still Europe I think it's 56.6. So still in solid strong growth territory and we see that in both the performance in the first half of the year as well as in the pipeline as we move to the rest of the year. Subscription in a good or bad economy actually is a preferred way to buy because it frankly reduces the customer's risk at making a complex low information decision. So because we're embed with them in their success because if they're not successful in deployment and when the subscription runs out they can simply churn off. So you'll notice we raised our guidance this quarter as we continue to improve retention rates on our path to -- frankly their goal is to become best in class because the opportunity is there, we have sticky software. So we want to become best in class. We're driving customer success programs across the organization to continue to drive higher renewal rates because it those will have a significant impact on our financial performance when you look at the size of the recurring revenue base. So fundamentally subscription is something where we and the customer together work for success whereas in a perpetual money and in a perpetual model it's really take the money and run as a software company.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. And I might add to the second part of your question Matt. Andy mentioned that big deals in the quarter of Q2 were at historically low levels and yet we had a solid quarter, which means that small deals must have come in, in very large volumes to offset the smaller number of big deals. And of course it takes a lot of small deals to offset even one big deal. So I think what we're seeing and the channel success proves this out is a high volume of transactions. I think the transactions are smaller. One reason being the business model encourages that as Andy said. But I think in general, we're seeing the strong economy result in a lot of transactions and a lot of these transactions start small but then grow over time. So I think we're in a good place, economy is decent. It may be downgraded from really great to just pretty good, but it's still pretty good. And that bodes well for us and we're seeing it in the volume of transactions.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush. You may go ahead.
Steve Koenig: Thanks guys. Can you hear me okay?
Jim Heppelmann: Yep.
Andy Miller: Yes.
Steve Koenig: Okay, great. Yes. So definitely want to ask you and your thinking around the accelerated buyback. I think that's the first time we've seen that at least in a while. And if you wouldn't mind I'd love to sneak in on the types of ThingWorx are doing. The Microsoft deal tilt at DP and judging from your comments, Jim you expect them to be more tilted more towards smart connected products. I'm wondering if now the gate deals, did you do many of those in the quarter, are they going to be more factory floor like the BMW deals. Any color there as well I mean much appreciated.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. So on the ASR because we did have such very, very strong free cash flow. And ASR frankly technically takes the share off the street faster than we could buy them. So April 20, frankly 80% of the shares that we're buying back will be returned to us. And then we also get a discount half of the average price that the rest of the shares are purchased during that quarter. So basically we just get to take share off the street faster reduce our share count more effectively. You will actually see that when you look at Q4 that the share count does down in Q4. So that's the reason behind it. It's a very efficient way for us and of course the banks makes money through the volatility of the stock. They got algorithms telling them when to buy. So that's why. We did it in 2014.
Steve Koenig: Okay. I've forgotten that.
Jim Heppelmann: I mean just frankly for various reasons we got a little behind where we wanted to be. And that's the way to catch up. And then, the second part of your question, Microsoft is our partner. And almost by definition SCP solutions require a cloud end service, so we're directing those all to Microsoft. If you do what SEO work, factory Industrie 4.0 type deployment that could be either on premise or on the cloud. And frankly a lot of this is on premise today. So if they want that in the cloud then Microsoft is our answer. They wanted on premise, we just give them the software and they might put it on their own servers. Microsoft has a story that sort of coming out around what they call Azure stack, which is a primary software stack that you could put on premise to get capabilities that look like Azure in the cloud. And I think that might become an important part of our story over time. I'm not sure that it's fully accepted in the market, yet, but imagine that's maybe coming which would cause us to work more with Microsoft across the board. Now frankly most of the Navigate is sold into engineering departments.
Steve Koenig: Okay.
Jim Heppelmann: And very few engineering departments are in the call today. So most of that ends up being on premise could change over time. We're starting to sell more and more PLM in the cloud.
Steve Koenig: Yes.
Jim Heppelmann: And there's a discussion about putting our PLM in the cloud on Azure. So, lots of good stuff happening there. We did of course sell Navigate in the quarter, it was a reasonable quarter.
Andy Miller: We are north of 50 million.
Jim Heppelmann: So it's been a nice product. We would like to keep that going and park a few more next to it frankly in the portfolio.
Steve Koenig: Awesome. Great. Thank you so much guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. You may go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks. Good evening.
Jim Heppelmann: Hey, Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Jim let me ask you about the role of customers IT in the selection or deployment processes for IoT or for any of the rest of your portfolio. And the reason I ask is twofold. Last year as I'm sure, one of your large competitors won a major consolidation transaction with a major aerospace company. And having just come back from that vendor's customer conference couple days ago, it sounded to me as though IT was a major factor in deciding to consolidate in the way they did with that particular vendor. And I'm wondering therefore if you're seeing any development like that in your selections were besides engineering, besides manufacturing you're going to have to convince IT and perhaps Microsoft could help you in some of these situations where that might be the case. And then, a quick follow-up to something you said in the last call that you were having numerous conversations with automotive companies beyond BMW and Toyota. And I'm wondering if there's an update there particularly since there seemed to be some selections imminently from at least one U.S. car company and one Japanese car company.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Okay. So on your first question regarding the role of IT and let's say ThingWorx predict selections. To be frank it's all over the board. On one hand cloud in general I think has to a degree lessened the role of IT, a lot of companies actually have gone to solutions like Salesforce.com and things like it because they don't have to negotiate with their internal IT department. So I think in general, cloud is one option different than working through IT. But I think forward looking IT organizations are now starting to say we can help you with that. And then, in the factory there is a lot of OT technology. So a lot of digital hardware and software all those programmable logic controllers for example that run control algorithms and run our Kepware software. Frequently IT is not involved in that. So IT owns IT but somebody else owns OT. And of course, ThingWorx basically had a foot in both camps. So I mean, the honest answer Jay is, it just depends it's kind of a mix and I'm not sure the trend is strongly one way or the other. Now the good news is, we PTC have historically strong relationships with CIOs because that's been our historical Windchill customer. So we're not afraid of CIOs, we quite like them actually because for 20 years now in our Windchill business, we've been selling to them. They've always played a key role in that. But anyway that's my honest answer which is it's mixed and I think the trend probably is a little bit away from CIOs but not dominantly so. Back to your question about auto companies. I think a couple of interesting things happening. By the way, let's start with yesterday the CIO of BMW gave a presentation to an industry event, I guess there were like 800 people at the presentation. And he clearly laid out how important Windchill was as this bill of material back role now going forward. So that kind of credibility is immensely helpful to us. I'll tell you there has not been another transaction like that in the last quarter. There aren't that many automotive companies and they're not switching that frequently. But, I will tell you this, yes, there is an American automotive company, we're being evaluated for ThingWorx based projects. It's way too early to say we are going to win that. But, I'm hopeful and optimistic. I mean we have a good technology and I think it fits well. Of course, we have competitors and we have to work our way through that whole evaluation process. But definitely there's a lots of good opportunity for PTC following this bill of material from engineering down through to manufacturing, which is the BMW project. And then, trying to bring new levels of automation into the factory environment, which is more the type of project that the American OEM is looking at right now. So I'm optimistic but no big moves to deliver to you here as a result of Q2
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks Jim.
Operator: The next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. You may go ahead.
Ugam Kamat: Hey, hi. Hey guys, this is actually Ugam Kamat on for Sterling. I had a quick question for you. So you reached your revenue guidance for 2018 by around $15 million, but bookings you -- reiterated your bookings guidance. I mean you talked about closing the deal in the third quarter which had slip on the second quarter, but just wondering what is leading to bookings being reiterated. It is that we are seeing any change in duration or any other moving parts over there?
Andy Miller: So bookings was reiterated simply because had we closed that deal just a little bit earlier right at the end of -- right at the end of Q2, we would have been a the higher end of our guidance. So there is no reason to change our guidance. Our pipeline now for the back half of the year, we even have better visibility to that. So therefore, the guidance is what makes sense based upon our pipeline. And as we speak you to today that deal is already closed. And frankly that deal has no impact on our revenue guidance by itself because the subscription starting at the same time it was going to start whether it close on the last day of last quarter or the first day of this quarter. The other point I want to make is that the reason we raised the revenue guidance is because we're seeing continued improvements in our renewal rates. We have a focused effort that's been going on for many quarters now. We've reorganized functions. We've done a huge McKinsey study. We're developing plays for every type of product through every type of channel in different countries to drive customer success because we do target the best-in-class net renewal rate. And we're not there but we're making good progress on that half and we're determined to get there. So we make progress faster than we'd originally expected. So we raised revenue guidance to reflect that.
Jim Heppelmann: Maybe just to add to sense to that. We did organize recently with EVP of Worldwide Field Operations and we put underneath this person for the first time sales proactive customer success which is a new function we didn't have a year ago or maybe 18 months ago.
Andy Miller: 18 months ago. We had it a year ago.
Jim Heppelmann: We put technical support. We put professional services and we put renewal sales. So now the entire lifecycle of touch with the customer is managed by one organization. And as Andy said, we did that with an ambition to elevate our renewal rates, or quite frankly lesser our churn, but elevate our renewal rates to industry standards and industry best in class standards and we are making good progress, faster than we had and therefore guided against. So it's really good news, really good news not just for fiscal '18 but didn't go forward in the '19, '20 and beyond.
Andy Miller: Yes.
Ugam Kamat: Yes. Awesome that was really helpful. Thank you so much.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Monika Garg with KeyBanc. You may go ahead.
Jim Heppelmann: Hello, Monika.
Monika Garg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Looking at the booking guidance FQ3, this could mean FQ4 bookings would be around 150 million-ish at the midpoint, maybe could you talk about confidence in achieving the same? Thank you.
Andy Miller: It wouldn't be our guidance if we weren't confident in achieving the range.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. And I think if you look at the seasonal pattern of our bookings.
Andy Miller: Yes. It's right on track.
Jim Heppelmann: It's consistent with the seasonal pattern. So, it's a reasonable expectation for us to put out there.
Monika Garg: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Lemenager with Baird. You may go ahead.
Jim Heppelmann: Hi, Matt.
Matt Lemenager: Good afternoon. Yes. This is Matt on for Rob Oliver today. I have a question on the IoT business, the large deal volume. I think you said up 45%. Was that broad base strength similar to what I think Jim you called out in a question earlier with regard to maybe the business -- the core business that the large deal volumes were maybe a little bit lower or mega deals, but being more broad based strength making up there. Is that a fair way to describe the ThingWorx traction this quarter less kind of mega deals and more broad based strength?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Let me just be careful though because as mega deal has a very specific meaning more than $5 million [shop of] [ph] booking. And large deal in our vernacular also has a specific meaning of more than $1 million. So the real strength in ThingWorx came not from large deals, but from those medium sized deals, the six figure deals as opposed to the seven figure deals.
Andy Miller: Yes.
Jim Heppelmann: And what's happening again, we discussed this in the last quarter, we're doing a lot of smallish deals as people are trying it out like if we have 20 factories very few people would buy for 20 factories. They would buy for one and therefore one work they might buy for five and if five work they might buy for all 20. And somewhere in going from 1 to 20, we're going to get some meaty transactions. We can have it all at once, it might be a large deal, if it happened over a series of deals. It might be a series of six figure deals. But definitely, if you look at the volume of bookings -- the volume of bookings, and then, there is the -- how much of the bookings come from meaty follow-on transactions typically six figure deals occasionally seven figure deals. And a lot of that is coming from -- a lot of the quantity of bookings in terms of dollars is coming from these six and sometimes seven figure deals.
Matt Lemenager: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Frankiewicz with Berenberg Capital Markets. You may go ahead.
Jim Heppelmann: Hi, Alexander.
Alexander Frankiewicz: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I was just wondering what will be the impact of the end of perpetual licensing have on Americas and Europe? Is this being one of the reasons we had smaller deals on average or is that just…
Andy Miller: Every large deal by the way last quarter was subscription. The deal that slipped was subscription, the pipeline moving forward on a large scale is a subscription. And as we look at the quarters prior to end of life, the large deals were virtually all subscription within occasional exception here or there for many, many quarters. So yes, no impact there. Again, fundamentally a large deal buying it under subscription and -- is a way to for the customer to ensure that us PTC are kind of embed with them for their success.
Alexander Frankiewicz: Okay. Perfect. And then also…
Andy Miller: So it's a lower risk way to buy.
Alexander Frankiewicz: Okay. Thanks and then also just how confident are you in FY'18 guidance today versus previous quarter?
Andy Miller: Well, obviously, we're closer to -- we are half a way done. We're more confident because we frankly have half of it done and we have better view to the pipeline for the rest of the year.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I think we had solid quarter. We're pleased with where it landed. It could have been better and this one deal came in few days earlier. But, it came in anyway, so we're kind of right back to the place if they did come in, in the last quarter and we feel good about it. We've got a good pipeline. Lot of stuff to work with a lot more big deals in play which we expect will help us to contribute to bigger booking numbers in Q3 and Q4. But, I think we probably as Andy said feel of anything more confident because we're deeper into the year and we're on track.
Andy Miller: Yes. We actually used the word materially more large deals in the third quarter.
Alexander Frankiewicz: Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Shankar Subramaniam with Bank of America. You may go ahead.
Shankar Subramaniam: Thanks for -- hey, hi. Thanks for taking the question. So, I have two questions. One is on IoT another one is PLM. First on IoT, thanks for providing all the examples in the use cases. Obviously, you have a lot of success in the past in terms of implementation. And can you -- based on the learning you've had so far, just want to understand a little bit around the current issue that are faced with the market like what prevents or what prevents the customer from adopting IoT? Seems like CIOs are focused on digital transformation and definitely there is customer demand, but just want to understand that any bottleneck for adoption and how you are trying to dissolve it?
Jim Heppelmann: So what I would say is, to us the biggest challenge if you will is making sure we and the customer can articulate the use case and the value proposition. And so what I say is, I think you've seen this over the past quarters in our narrative that we've focused more and more on SEO and the SCP and industrial. We are not talking a lot about smart farms or cows connected to the Internet or anything like that, which ThingWorx can do. But, it's hard to get the deal closed because it's hard to articulate the value proposition. But when we go into the factories we can talk about precisely what the use case is precisely what the benefit is, same if we go into smart, connected products instead of talking about connected service. Same when we take Navigate into and engineering. So I think the thing that gets you bog down is selling pie in the sky concepts that you don't have a proof points and you don't have credible value propositions for us. So if anything as we've operated in this IoT business, we've continuously narrowed the focus back to industrial. If I just start over I would narrow the focus right upfront. But, we kind of learned along the way here. But nonetheless, I think we are now focused on the sweet spot of the market. All of the study say, this is where 70%, 80% of the entire opportunity is anyway. So that's really what we're focusing on and we're trying to waste fewer cycles chasing dreams in adjacent industries.
Andy Miller: And Shankar, the only thing I would add is, this is my fourth software company, I've been around this for -- in multiple companies for more than 20 years. These markets develop at a very normal pace, it can't get a snowball rolling downhill because basically you've got great technology meeting a problem. But at the same time, you have to have industry analysts who say, yes, this software actually works to solve that problem. You got to have more and more customers who are getting success with it. That lowers the risk about investing in that technology. And that's essentially how it's developed. So the fact that more customers are expanding how virtually every industry analysts out there has put PTC and ThingWorx in the leader quadrant. Those are all the factors that actually frankly typically determine the winners in the software market. And so this is actually playing out like I've seen almost every software market I've followed for a long time.
Shankar Subramaniam: Got it. Thanks for that. And on the PLM, I want to just understand some more on the competitive dynamics, especially how customers are thinking about open source PLM solution with this software solution bought from you and your European peers because it seems like Aras is finding some success in terms of selling seeds into the heavy industry market. But, you are also growing a PLM booking. So longer term, do you see customers kind of doing a mix of implementation between open source and software solutions or is it going to be predominantly the solutions you are selling into the market?
Andy Miller: Yes. I think Aras is having some success at the edges. A lot of their wins are sort of strange projects in the core of the company a little bit like how HoloDesk can claim that every major manufacturing enterprise has tons of 2D seeds of auto-CAD. But it's not their CAD system. So I think Aras is starting to win a lot of deals like that sort of not the mainstream system but maybe a test management system over in one department or something like that. So I think they're probably doing okay but I don't think that there's that much to the open source story. I think they dangle that out there, but I don't think it's actually core to their value proposition and I don't actually think if it were that it would help them because I think in this industry, PLM is very complex and there's not a vibrant open source community in the PLM universe. And customers don't want to take on development responsibility for the core technology stack. So I think that that may be talking about open source is a good way -- good conversation starter, but I think at the end of the day they're selling PLM fairly traditional looking PLM into pockets around the edges of the major systems that companies have deployed. So putting it another way, they're not a major competitor to us at this point. They may occasionally show up in accounts where we're trying to show up. Aras announced a win at BMW some quarters before we did. But when we competed for really big business at BMW, they weren't even in the list of competitors. And they wouldn't have been because BMW would never bet that important mission critical system on an open source strategy when there is no ecosystem of developers around that open source community. So I'm saying that's a great conversation starter, but I don't think it's a serious business strategy. But I am saying they're having some success in pockets like pockets at BMW, pockets elsewhere, but I don't think they're yet displacing any mainstream systems.
Shankar Subramaniam: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Participants please stay on the line for Jim Heppelmann to give closing remarks.
Jim Heppelmann: Great. Well, thank you, Shue. So, I'd like to thank everybody for joining the call and spending your time with us this afternoon. When we step back and look at Q2 results, I think it's obvious we've again made solid progress against our three strategic pillars of growth subscription and margin expansion. And this is a combination I think we all agree will drive substantial long-term shareholder value. So in closing I want to again extend an invitation for you to join our flagship technology conference call LiveWorx in Boston on June 18th. I hope you can join us because in addition to the opportunity to mingle with PTC's ecosystem of customers, partners and employees and of course each other. You'll be able to attend this extended investor session that we planned to host at this year's event. And we're going to have some good new information about our long range plan for you at that time as well as other things. So if you're interested please reach out to the PTC Investor Relations team that Tim Fox heads and he'll provide registration details. So we hope to see at LiveWorx or at another upcoming investor event, and if not we'll look forward to speaking with you in about 90 days when we report next quarter. So thank you and have a good evening.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-01-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Jim Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer Andrew Miller - Chief Financial Officer Barry Cohen - Chief Strategy Officer
Analysts: Steve Koenig - Wedbush Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Rob Oliver - Baird Ken Wang - Citigroup Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI Matt Swanson - RBC Capital Markets Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. And welcome to the PTC 2018 First Quarter Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for question and then closing remarks will follow. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tim Fox, PTC's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Good afternoon. Thank you, Michelle. And welcome to PTC's 2018 first quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Cohen, Chief Strategy Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast, and a replay of the call will be available later today on our Investor Relations Web site. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance as to future operating…
Operator: Please continue to stand-by, there’s been technical difficulty. Mr. Tim Fox, PTC, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations rejoins the call.
Tim Fox: Thank you again Michelle and apologies for the disconnect there. Welcome to PTC’s 2018 first quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Cohen, Chief Strategy Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast, and a replay of the call will be available later today on our Investor Relations Web site. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call, are valid only as of today's date, January 17, 2018, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our Investor Relations Web site. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's CEO, Jim Heppelmann.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us, and sorry once again for the gremlins that interrupted our start at the first time. I'd like to begin today with a review of the first quarter results and then provide some perspectives on the significant accomplishments and milestones that we achieved in the quarter. Q1 results represent a strong start to FY18 and this continues the momentum we've built over the last several years. Bookings of $104 million were $12 million or 13% above the high end of our guidance range, representing growth of 16%. PTC achieved an important milestone by booking more than $100 million in the first quarter, and was driven by broad based strength across our business. Once again, we had strong performance in CAD, PLM and IoT and in the Americas, EMEA and the reseller channel. On the subscription front, both bookings and ACV exceeded the high end of guidance. Q1 revenue was above the high end of our guidance range, while EPS was near the high end, growing 17% year-over-year, reflecting the pattern of accelerating earnings growth we expect as our subscription model continues to mature. Momentum around our recurring revenue model progress further in Q1 with total deferred revenue, both billed and unbilled of $1.17 billion, growing $344 million or 42% year-over-year. Our annualized recurring revenue or ARR was $928 million, growing over $100 million or 13% year-over-year. This was the fourth quarter in row of double-digit growth and highest growth rate to-date. These metrics demonstrate that we have indeed established a very solid growth platform for our business going forward. To summarize my commentary on Q1, I once again frame the discussion around the three strategic initiatives to maximize long-term shareholders value, which are; first, increasing our top line growth; second, converting to a subscription model; and third, expanding our margins. Let me start by discussing our progress on growth front. Q1 bookings grew 16% overall and 11% on a constant currency basis once again reflecting broad based strength across our major products and regions. From a geographic perspective, Europe and Americas continue to deliver very strong results with constant currency bookings growth of 23% in Europe and over 30% in Americas if you exclude the exceptional eight-figure IoT mega deal from the year ago period. APAC also delivered strong Q1 results with constant currency bookings growth of 21%, driven by strong results in China and Korea and a modest recovery in Japan, which grew over Q1 of 2017. In Japan, we still have work to do, but we're pleased to see things moving in the right direction over the last two quarters. Let's start by discussing IoT, our highest growth business. The first quarter performance in IoT was another proof point that the market is rapidly developing, the adoption is accelerating and that this opportunity is global. If you exclude the eight figure mega deal from Q1 of '17, then first quarter IoT bookings growth exceeded the 30% to 40% estimated IoT market growth rate and recurring IoT software revenue grew 31% as the compounding benefit of our maturing subscription model begins to be realized. Customer expansions are once again a key growth driver, accounting for over 60% of our ThingWorx bookings, which is a clear indication that IoT momentum is increasing. In addition to strong six figure deal activity in Q1, we closed five seven figure deals, tying the record we set last quarter in Q4 of 2017. IoT bookings continue to come from a wide variety of vertical markets, geographies and use cases, lead now by the Industrie 4.0 factory operations use case, followed by the service optimization use case for smart connected products. Let me share some customer examples to illuminate our success in the Industrie 4.0 factory setting. During the quarter, we closed a major expansion deal in Korea with Hyundai Heavy Industries, who is deploying ThingWorx and ThingWorx Studio across their enterprise to power this global smart manufacturing initiative. Meanwhile, in the Americas, the life sciences industry remains at the forefront of IoT adoption, a good example of which is the 15 site expansion we closed with one of the world's premier biopharmaceutical companies to deliver operational intelligence, analytics and predictive maintenance across the manufacturing footprint. In what is to us a greenfield market of process manufacturing, we continue to have a lot of success, particularly in food and beverage and consumer products. In Q1, our process wins included a very large food and beverage company headquartered in Switzerland, a Danish global brewing company and a major U.S. based producer of dairy nutrition products, all of which highlights the broad applicability of our industrial innovation platform. Back in discrete, a significant customer win was an expansion deal with Sealed Air, who is a global leader in the food and product packaging industry with brands you might recognize like Cryovac and Bubble Wrap. Sealed Air who is an existing ThingWorx customer signed a significant expansion with PTC, deploying our Kepware software to standardize edge connectivity for remote monitoring of packaging equipment in order to gain critical insights around operational efficiency. Kepware’s capability to enable remote connectivity of heterogeneous brownfield assets gives us the unique and significant cross sell opportunity for ThingWorx in the smart connected operations use cases across the broad range of industries. Turning to the Smart Connected Product or SCP use case for IoT. I’d like to highlight one of our largest IoT deals in the quarter. Colfax, a global diversified industrial technology company, selected ThingWorx to build out SCP use cases for remote monitoring and predictive service. Colfax is a great example of how ThingWorx complements the capabilities of large cloud players. In this case, our sales team collaborated with their Microsoft counterparts. Both teams landed a win as Colfax will deploy ThingWorx on Microsoft's Azure cloud services, capitalizing on the respective and complementary capabilities of both PTC and Microsoft IoT technologies. On the IoT ecosystem front, the ThingWorx partner team inked a host of new OEM design wins and expansion deals across the diverse set of use cases and industries, including smartcity applications, utilities, healthcare, energy and communications. Our ability to access these opportunities through a partner ecosystem expands our addressable market and adds to our exciting long-term growth opportunity. In just the last few weeks, we've announced the opening of four new ThingWorx centers of excellence with Capgemini, Infosys, Wipro and Cognizant. These new centers add to the three existing centers previously established with L&T, Tech Mahindra and KPIT over the past year. Partnerships like these are critical to establishing a software growth business, and with PTC’s momentum attracting more and more partners, the ThingWorx partner ecosystem remains the strongest in the industry. Lastly, on the new technology front, I'd like to touch on the momentum we’re seeing around our augmented reality technologies, which are highly differentiated elements of PTC story and importantly, are being put into production and the accelerated pace across the number of industrial use cases. As a reminder, the first part of our augmented reality story is delivered through our horizontal Vuforia AR engine, which is available to a wide range of developers who want to build applications that can see using computer vision. And the second part is deliver to our verticalized ThingWorx Studio AR content offering suite, which enables enterprises to create and share powerful AR experiences without writing any code. Vuforia's developer ecosystem has passed 400,000 developers and is growing fast, while the ThingWorx Studio now has over 6,000 enterprises who have purchased or are test driving this technology for a broad range of industrial use cases, including augmented service and maintenance instructions, operator instructions and virtual product demonstrations. While it’s still early days for AR in the industrial setting, we have a very strong leadership position. Interest levels are sky high and we're seeing commercial adoption accelerate with studio bookings growth in Q1 up 20% sequentially from Q4 of 2017. We continue to innovate in AR and the release of Vuforia 7 in December was our biggest and most powerful release ever. Key features in this release include Vuforia model targets that enable applications to see and recognize physical objects by their shape as determined by a CAD model. In addition Vuforia's new spatial tracking capability enables virtual objects to be placed on the ground, on a floor or on the table top surface. This allows developers to build visualization apps that range from in-home furniture shopping to AR design reviews in the industrial setting. And it can run those same apps on Apple, Android or Windows Surface and Hololens devices. These new features further differentiate our solutions from competing technologies and extend PTC's technology lead in AR and IoT. Looking at these new technologies from a higher level, clearly there's a lot of talk and hype around IoT and AR coming from various angles. And I realize that at this point some investors still view our IoT business as an interesting option. We're following a very strong fiscal '17 year, our Q1 performance gives another data point, suggesting that the industrial IoT market is real and that PTC is winning in this market. PTC has been successfully building a real business for several years now and our IoT software bookings are now approaching the size of our PLM and CAD businesses, but with a growth rate that is multiple times higher. At current course and speed, it won't be long before IoT has to be viewed by all as equally core to PTC as CAD and PLM are today. Now as excited as we are about our IoT businesses, I am pleased to once again report that our solutions business did extremely well. In Q1, solutions bookings grew multiple times faster than the market, driven by our core PLM and CAD businesses. During the quarter, our leading position in the PLM markets was reinforced by the Forrester Wave report on PLM as evaluated discrete manufacturing PLM vendors across a wide range of metrics measuring both strategy and the strength of current offerings in the market. Forrester is considered to be one of the most respected tier one industry analyst firms and as such, we're very pleased to secure the top spot in their PLM vendor analysis. In addition to the breadth and depth of our core PLM technology, Forrester cited PTC's move into IoT as a key strategic play, which is great evidence that this new IoT business is changing the rules of competition in the traditional PLM business as well. You can find a copy of this Forrester Wave report on our investor Web site. Now landing the top position in a top tier industry analyst report is great, but landing a big win at a new top tier customer is even better. This quarter, our PLM strength and differentiation was further validated by a major strategic win at BMW. PTC was selected following the highly competitive process to replace the legacy platform for manufacturing build material management or what we call MBMM. Windchill will soon be the enabler for configuring and releasing car orders into production across BMW's 19 global automotive factories. We won this deal on the backs of our industry leading PLM technology together with impressive out of the box manufacturing capabilities. Navigate, which you know is our role based PLM solution built on the ThingWorx Innovation Platform, was a key part of this solution. Needless to say, BMW represents a major new automotive customer for PTC and we're pleased to be part of their strategic multi-year global digitization strategy. And not to be left out, our CAD team delivered another impressive quarter as well. We believe that CAD bookings benefitted modestly from last time perpetual purchases to the tune of about $4 million. But even excluding these last time buys, CAD bookings still grew double-digits year-over-year. Clearly, our Creo business has a solid product offering that continues to benefit from our go to market optimization initiatives, evidenced now by eight consecutive quarters of double-digit bookings growth in our reseller channel. To close out my commentary on the growth front, following very strong performance in Q4 of last fiscal year, we’re pleased this momentum carried into Q1, resulting in an impressive bookings performance by our sales organization that started fiscal '18 on such a high note. Let me turn now to our second top level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is our transition to a subscription model. Our subscription bookings in ACV were ahead of the high end of our guidance in Q1. The Q1 mix of 67% subscription bookings was just slightly below our guidance but that is due to the effects of the last time perpetual buys in the America and Western Europe regions, which totaled about $4 million. This negatively impacted the subscription mix by several percentage points. Now frankly that's a good problem to have, because with the Americas and Western Europe now fully subscription based going forward and most of the rest of the world going subscription only beginning in January 1, 2019, we have high confidence in our long term subscription mix and recurring software revenue targets. Let me wrap up my comments by discussing our third top level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is to further increase our operating margins. In Q1, our operating margin was at the mid-point of our guidance range despite higher commissions on bookings that came in well above guidance, and was an improvement of 110 basis points over Q1 of '17. As Andrew will detail in our guidance discussion, we expect to deliver continued operating margin expansion in fiscal '18 and then achieve rapidly accelerating margin expansion in fiscal '19 and beyond as the compounding benefit of multiple years of our maturing subscription model is realized. Illustrating this compounding benefit of subscription, in fiscal '18, we continue to expect that recognized subscription revenue will exceed subscription bookings for the first time. The subscription business model has been a long journey for PTC but now we’re starting to enter the most enjoyable phase where reported revenues and earnings begin to climb quickly on a year-over-year basis as we begin to harvest the benefit from all of that revenue that we previously deferred. In closing, I'd like to reinforce our commitment to our long range plan to transform PTC into one of the premier software companies in the world by 2021, a subscription company with revenues approaching $2 billion with double-digit growth rates and margins in the low 30s. Q1 of '18 was another solid quarter of execution across the three dimensions of that plan, and it sets us up for continued success in fiscal '18 and beyond. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy, who will review some of the financial highlights with you.
Andrew Miller: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Please note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance. Q1 bookings of $104 million were $12 million above the high end of guidance and grew 16% as reported and 11% in constant currency, driven by broad based strength across the business. Total deferred revenue billed plus unbilled increased year-over-year by $344 million or 42% to $1.17 billion. Billed deferred revenue was up $56 million or 15% year-over-year despite having one less billing day in the quarter versus last year. We believe total deferred revenue billed and unbilled combined is the most relevant metric, as there is seasonality to the timing of our recurring revenue billings throughout the year and due to the timing of our fiscal quarter ends. ARR grew 13% year-over-year to $928 million. Subscription bookings in ACV exceeded the high end of our guidance, however, subscription mix was 1 percentage point below guidance due to last time perpetual buys in the Americas and Western Europe, which impacted mix by 3 percentage points. Excluding the last time buys, subscription mix would have been about 70% above our guidance. Due to the continued strong adoption of our subscription offerings, we announced today that with a few exceptions as of January 1, 2019 new licenses will be subscription only globally. Our subscription conversion program continues to progress well with 24 enterprise customers converting their support contracts to subscription and in our channel the new program launched in Q4 '17 is gaining traction with 134 conversations in Q1. We believe that the conversion opportunity within our customer base is substantial and will continue to play out over many years. Turning to the income statement. Total first quarter revenue of $307 million was $5 million above the high end of our guidance range, up 7% year-over-year despite a decline in professional services revenue of $4 million. Q1 was the fourth quarter of year-over-year revenue growth since launching our subscription program at the beginning of fiscal '16, highlighting that we have exited the subscription trough. Software revenue was up 10% year-over-year despite a year-over-year increase in our subscription mix, including 82% growth in subscription revenue and 12% growth in total recurring software revenue. Approximately 87% of Q1 software revenue was recurring. Operating expense in the first quarter of $183 million was $3 million above our guidance range, driven primarily by higher commissions from our bookings over-performance. FX was also a factor. Q4 operating margin was within our guidance range of 16% to 17% despite higher commissions. EPS of $0.31 was at the higher end of our guidance. Moving to the balance sheet. Cash and investments of $342 million were up $12 million from Q4 '17 driven primarily by $19 million of adjusted free cash flow, an increase of $57 million from Q1 '17. Collections were up $60 million from Q1 a year ago. You will recall that we have significant cash outflows in our first quarter when we pay our annual bonus, high Q4 commissions withholding taxes on annual RSU grants and a six months bond interest payment. Now turning to guidance. Based on our strong performance in Q1 and our outlook for the rest of the year, we are raising top and bottom line guidance as well as cash flow guidance. We now expect bookings in the range of $455 million to $475 million. This represents growth of 9% to 14% year-over-year. I would like to highlight that while we have increased the full-year bookings outlook, we did not incorporate all of the Q1 bookings over-performance in the guidance, primarily reflecting $3.5 million deals originally slated for Q2 that closed early. You'll note that this is the second quarter in a row where we see the handful of deals close earlier than expected, reflected in a nice uptick in our close rates. However, since it is only the first quarter and deals can move around, we think it's prudent at this point in the fiscal year to not be overly aggressive around our close rate assumptions. We continue to expect the description mix of 80% for the full fiscal year and expect to exit the year in the 85% range, which is consistent with our long range subscription mix target. We expect fiscal '18 total revenue of $1.235 billion to $1.250 billion, an increase of $10 million at the midpoint of our previous guidance. We've increased our subscription revenue guidance to $460 million to $470 million, growth of approximately 65%. Fiscal '18 recurring software revenues is expected to grow 13% to 15%, total software revenue is expected to grow 7% to 9%, and ARR is expected to grow in the mid-teens. Note that we expect recurring software revenue to exceed 90% of our total software revenue in fiscal '18. We expect our services margin to be 20% and we expect OpEx in the range of $727 million to $737 million, a modest increase from our previous guidance, primarily reflecting higher commission expenses from higher forecasted bookings for the year along with modest FX headwinds. Fiscal '18 year-over-year OpEx growth of 5% to 7% includes about 200 basis points from currency. You'll note our OpEx guidance is in line with our long-term model to grow OpEx at no more than half the rate of bookings growth. This resulting operating margin of approximately 17% to 18%, consistent with our prior guidance and is improvement of 100 basis points to 160 basis points year-over-year. We continue to expect rapid acceleration in margin expansion beginning in fiscal '19 has the compounding benefit of multiple years of our maturing subscription business model is realized. We are assuming a tax rate of 9% to 11% for the full year, resulting in EPS of $1.29 to $1.39, an increase of $0.02 over our previous guidance, which is growth of 15% at the midpoint. We are raising our fiscal '18 free cash flow guidance to a range of $195 million to $205 million, which is year-over-year growth of 82% at the midpoint. As with operating margin, we expect free cash flow to accelerate significantly in fiscal '19 as the subscription model matures. Turning now to Q2 guidance; we expect bookings in the range of $94 million to $104 million; total revenue is expected to be in the range of $300 million to $305 million; Q2 operating expenses are expected to be $176 million to $179 million, down $4 million to $7 million from Q1 despite modest FX headwinds, resulting in operating margin in a range of 16% to 17%. We are assuming a tax rate of 9% to 11%, resulting in EPS of $0.28 to $0.32. Before we wrap up and go to Q&A, I would like to discuss the impact with the recent U.S. tax reform legislation. We have reported the impact in our Q1 GAAP earnings, resulting in a non-cash benefit of approximately $7 million. We have excluded the Q1 tax benefit from our non-GAAP results and from our full year non-GAAP guidance. We continue to expect our FY18 non-GAAP effective tax rate to be between 9% and 11%. Moving beyond fiscal '18, based upon our current analysis, we continue to expect our long term non-GAAP effective tax rate to be between 15% and 20%. We also do not expect a change to our cash tax payments from the new legislation. For while we have accumulated earnings and profits outside the U.S. that would be subject to the new toll tax, we have offsetting tax attributes such as annual carry forward, R&D tax credit carry forwards, AMT tax credit carry forwards and foreign tax credits. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will begin today’s question-and-answer session of the conference [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Steve Koenig from Sterling Auty. Your line is now open.
Jim Heppelmann: Steve, I don't think you work for Sterling…
Steve Koenig: I wasn't sure if it was me or Sterling that was lying when we opened up, but I appreciate that didn't ask the question here. I think I'll ask about IoT. So lot of good developments in the quarter clearly. Maybe you can just remind us about that eight figure mega deal a year ago, was this a subscription deal and any color on the nature of that deal that you can remind us. And bigger picture on IoT, when should we think about -- you commented in the prepared remarks I believe about expecting software revenue to accelerate there. Any sense of the cadence or timing on that and any reason that we shouldn't get to 30% to 40% revenue growth to mask the market growth rate at some time.
Jim Heppelmann: Well, why don't I take the first part Andy you can take the second part. So the deal last year we discussed at the time was with a large industrial firm who had made enterprise wide commitment to deploy our software into the smart connected operations types of use cases. So that was a great deal. It was a subscription deal. The size of that deal though in the context of the size of the business, especially at that time, was truly extraordinary. And so when we comp against that quarter with a deal of that magnitude, if you put the deal in last quarter of course you get one answer, which is flattish. If you take the deal out, you get a different answer, which is a lot bigger and really a strong quarter. So I think what you should see is that we're able to basically in terms of growth represent an offset an eight figure mega deal a year later without any such deals in this quarter.
Andrew Miller: And as far as the timing and cadence, Steve, it's really the same thing that’s going on with our total revenue from a software perspective. We only have two years of the compounding benefit in our base. So now that we're getting to the plan where we still are seeing a year-over-year increase for the full year in the subscription mix, for example for the total business we’re expecting it to go from 69% last year to 80%. So that is a headwind too, overall revenue growth. And then you just don't have enough years in the base. So it's actually the same dynamic that you see for the total business. So you will see acceleration in FY19 as we get a third year of subscription revenue that's more significant in our base.
Jim Heppelmann: And maybe I'll add a third part. I alluded to this in my comments, but if you extrapolate forward given the relative sizes of the revenue bases, well not so much the revenue bases but the bookings let me be clear here. It's not going to be long before IoT bookings pass PLM bookings and by that long, I mean possibly in this year. And it wouldn't be too much longer after that at current course and speed before IoT bookings would surpass CAD bookings. So this is really becoming the most core of our core businesses if we can keep executing at the level that we are currently executing at. I should be careful from a revenue standpoint of course there's a long tail of maintenance, which is now subscription recurring revenue associated with our CAD and PLM businesses that's built up over decades and it will take us longer to build up that complete revenue picture. But certainly from a bookings standpoint, IoT is in the passing line.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: If you look at the FX impact, Andy, can you help us on that front? I mean we’ve seen some pretty big moves, but now that you moved over to a subscription model. How does the FX changes now impact the revenue and business, because I imagine the old formulas just don't hold anymore.
Andrew Miller: So it's a modest tailwind, right now and we hedge our business and subscription. There's greater certainty of what those numbers are going to be. So we can start increasing the percentage of the business we hedge. So that means within typically a three to four quarters perspective, FX is not going to have a material impact. It would have to move a lot to have a material impact on our overall results, because we can simply hedge more. Purpose of hedging remember is to give you time to react to changes in foreign currency rates, not to try to make money off of them. And so we're trying to basically build the period of stability in our top and bottom line results that give us time to react to any material changes in FX rates. We've been doing that now for two years, increasing the number of currencies we hedge. And so FX tends to have less of a impact. Now, when you look at bookings, if you look at year ago, the dollar of course moved substantially in about January of last year. And so there is more of an impact when we look at our bookings, you saw 16% -- the 16% overall growth and the 11% constant currency much bigger than the revenue impact.
Sterling Auty: That makes sense, so I'm going to try to sneak one other one in. The maintenance to subscriptions conversion I think you mentioned 24. Are those 24 conversions the top customers? And what was the uplift that you saw on those versus the 134 from the channel?
Andrew Miller: Yes, so it's about half and half out of the large customers and that have VPAs where we've got to carry a stick and that half where we don’t have as a stick. There was one weird one in there that I'll talk about in a second. Exclude the weird one, the overall uplift was 16% basically, so in the same ranges as before. The one weird one was a very large customer that had very high support and so we didn’t quite get as much of an uplift on that one, but we, it was -- they just saw the value subscription, and we took them to the level that you'd expect for that price customers as far as what that pricing should be, but they previously didn’t have the same discount that those had.
Sterling Auty: You've said 50 uplift.
Andrew Miller: 50, yes that was the total uplift in like-for-like tends to be, 20% to 30% it moves around. Total was about 50%, excluding the one deal.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Oliver from Baird. Your line is open.
Rob Oliver: Just maybe one for Jim. Obviously great quarter on the IoT side for you guys and maybe to follow up on Steve's question earlier. To what extent do you guys think the embedded installed base of Creo, Windchill and SLM is a competitive advantage for you guys in these wins? I mean clearly these are competitive situations. And then given as a follow-up, how important the customer expansions are, like you said, Jim over 60%? How does the pipeline of kind of beta project and stuff look for this year?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, so on your first question Rob, the installed base is a huge advantage and in fact we're doing very well within the installed base, but we're not limiting ourselves to it. I think there is a bit of a land grab opportunity here to sell in the base, but outside the base and we're doing both. But it is the fact that we're in these accounts, we know them. We're already working on that design and the products, maybe at the edges of the manufacturing process and now we're entering the manufacturing process, that’s very advantageous. So our install base has proven our original thesis when we entered the IoT based business was that the CAD PLM business was adjacent to IoT and I think we feel like that’s been validated. On your second question about customer expansion, we're really running a land in expand model, so in each quarter we're planting a lot of seeds and then going back to seeds we planted in previous quarters and up-selling them. So if we looked at the transaction, the vast majority of the transactions are small. But if you look at the revenue, majority of the revenue was coming from previous small transactions maturing. So, yes, this business is going well. The installed base is an asset -- the main asset though of course is the fact that we have a truly fantastic product, and we're able to go almost anywhere and beat almost anybody right now for smart connected product used cases or smart connected operations used cases. And then for other used cases in engineering elsewhere where ThingWorx more of an innovation platform than an IoT platform where the data and analytics pipeline that's feeding information and new formats into business processes that really unlocking some operational advantage or what have you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ken Wang from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Ken Wang: Just diving on that BMW transaction. Is it fair to assume that was one of your eight figure deals? And then as we think more broadly about that deal as should we think about them potentially standardizing across your portfolio?
Jim Heppelmann: Firstly, that's not eight figure deals this quarter. That was not an eight figure deal. It was a -- as we like to characterize it a small mega deal. Mega deal off course being the 5 million thresholds so as meaning it was not too far over that. So it was a very good deal. I don’t think we should get ahead of ourselves and suggest that BMW is going to standardize on our suite although I think incremental opportunities will be presented to us. What we want really was the process for how does it design get built in a specific factory in relation to an order, so you can imagine BMW makes lots of different types of automobiles and even motorcycles and stuff like that. And these products themselves are configurable. But then each of their 19 global factories has different equipment processes supply chains. And so the product is variable and then the process for making it is also variable. So you have like a variability time, variability problem. So when you go to buy a BMW and they decide to make in this factory, ThingWorx has to figure out how would you make that order -- I am sorry, well, Windchill and ThingWorx, working together have to figure out how would you make that order in that factory, and that's what we were selected for. That's a mission critical system for BMW. We didn’t displace every use of PLM and engineering. We didn’t displace their CAD systems. We worked selected as they are one and only digitization platform, but we certainly want a very big piece of business right in the middle of their business process. We competed long and hard and quite frankly again, we technically won. They were impressed by our technology both Windchill and ThingWorx. And they were impressed by our organization which is particularly strong in Central Europe. So I think we did a good job, our brand is improving a lot and BMW was surprised but what we are capable of doing and then we went from not being invited to the first round to winning the last run. And it was as a great journey and we were very proud of what we accomplished there. And I think lots of people will take notice in the automotive industry globally, and I think we will get more opportunities presented to us overtime by BMW. But then off course we'll have to go with them.
Ken Wang: Got it, impressive. And then a follow-up for Andy. You guys talked about 4 million in perpetual buys. Was that kind of roughly in line with what you guys are thinking better work? And then as we think about rest of the world impact, how should we think about I'd say I thought the contribution? Is it just similar to that 4 million?
Andrew Miller: Well, it was a little bit better than what we had expected you can tell that by looking at the fact that our perpetual revenue was above the high end of our guidance. That was a little bit better realizing America is in and Western Europe is 75% plus of our business. So I wouldn’t expect this biggest one when we end of life to the rest of world, although they do have a fewer seek from maintenance and some of those countries and a lot of people do the last time buy to also purchase maintenance, so they get access stuff quite on an ongoing basis. So as we get closer to the end of this calendar year, we'll have to assess that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Talanian from Evercore ISI.
Ken Talanian: Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could talk about what the pipeline of mega deal looks like for this year at least from your current vantage point versus last year?
Andrew Miller: Well, I would broaden the discussion and say you know when we do look at and then Jim jump in that when we do look at frankly the economy is -- a year ago we were saying, we felt it was still a bit of a headwind there, it was too early to call, call it neutral. And now we're seeing it really does seem to have improved. And we are seeing our close rates improve the last two quarters frankly. We're seeing deals tending to upsize as opposed to downsize, so we're seeing all the trends that are supported by a stronger economy. It’s only two data points frankly, there could have been some euphoria around you know year end passed legislation or people using that December budgets realizing that this was the calendar quarter end. So we don't want to get too far over the head of our skis here, but we do have a better environment that we're selling into right now that we did a year ago, clearly.
Jim Heppelmann: I don't have much to add to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Matt Swanson: Hey, thanks this is actually Matt Swanson on for Matt. First one for Andy on the maintenance conversions, as the sales force is kind of become more experienced -- was this, as this kind of did kind of creep into guidance? Are you still seeing mostly as upside?
Andrew Miller: Well, we said there is much of a -- in the current year much of the larger ones are already in our pipelines, they already in our guidance. It's the out years where more of it's not in the long term guidance. Clearly, we have a market growth rate assumption in there in the long term, which would -- and whenever we do these conversions to capture new bookings along with the conversion opportunity, so even in the long term there's a piece that's in there, not necessarily the uplift or the like-for-like. I would say that we still have a good opportunity to have our more of our sales reps driving conversions, it's a play that is still our best reps are driving it. The reps are seeing what's happening, but it hasn't turned into kind of the sales play that really everyone out there and the field has taken advantage of. And you see it primarily in Americas and Western Europe with a few exceptions in Asia, I would say. So it’s still a great opportunity frankly in front of us and we're focused on enabling our sales reps, getting them focused on this opportunity.
Matt Swanson: Alright, great. And then maybe one for Jim. Just an update from LiveWorx, could you talk about couple of those navigate like products you introduced the controls advisor, asset advisor and production advisor?
Andrew Miller: Yes, all of those products are what we characterized as starter applications in our factory -- Industry 4.0 factory story. And they all design to make it much easier to see the value of ThingWorx and get it in place in the production. And I think the fact that we're having so much success in this Industry 4.0 space is helped by those applications rather than having a general platform it could be applied to a specific problem. We have a general platform with a series of specific applications that will accelerate its application to that specific problem. So I just think it makes it easier to sell, easier to buy, easier to implement. And the success we're having in that space I think is evidenced, that's been a good strategy for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Monika Garg from Pacific Crest. Your line is now open.
Monika Garg: First is, how are you thinking about exploration of perpetual licenses in other geographies, also any pushback commentary from customers due to exploration of perpetual license in Americas and Western Europe?
Jim Heppelmann: So, we've taken a really measured approach around how we've end of life perpetual. A year ago, we announced end of life in Americas and Western Europe and no pushback like what you saw from others who have gone through this process before, because we had already gotten so much of business going to subscription. The end of life announcement frankly break the inertia of the little orders that come in, someone bought CAD from us, they buy another sheet, they always bought perpetual. They've liked the perpetual orders for CAD and take it. And knows it was going to go back and try to commence the joint subscription. So, that was the -- that's the reason for the end of life. So we have been driving each of the deals to the point where it is predominantly subscription before we do the end of life. This quarter almost all our large deals were subscription, almost all our large deal bookings were subscription and Americas and Western Europe even with the perpetual end of life saw a majority of the bookings coming in subscription.
Monika Garg: As a follow-up at the midpoint of bookings guidance, it's about 11% growth. Can you just talk about the confidence you have to achieve low double-digit bookings growth for the next three years?
Jim Heppelmann: Well, basically you have the highest growth piece of the business getting bigger, so that actually makes it easier to achieve the low double-digit bookings growth. We have our long range signed out there because we're confident in that long range plan, that's the net.
Andrew Miller: Yes, it's playing out. I mean in the recent past and maybe even in the last two years, we've generally over performed the plan by performing against very high expectations in the IoT business and over performing in the CAD and PLM business. Now, if the CAD and PLM business were to slowdown and we keep to the market rates and we keep performing as we've been and expect to an IoT, we still be in double-digits.
Jim Heppelmann: The bookings growth which drives mid double-digits -- mid teens I should say revenue growth as we exit the subscription trough.
Andrew Miller: Right, so you nobody has the crystal ball, but I mean from where we're sitting and from what we see, we feel pretty good about those projections.
Monika Garg: Thank you so much.
Jim Heppelmann: The one thing that you might have seen in the prepared remarks, we had $5 million or more IoT deals this quarter. We didn't have any huge IoT deals this quarter. So it was broad based strength, which is a kind of thing you want to see it. It was further expansion, subscription bookings from expansion. So for me I am feeling better and better about our ability to achieve our IoT objectives over the next few years because this is becoming real. This is my fourth software company and I've been around in this business for -- this general business for 30 years. I've seen how these markets develop and grow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saket Kalia from Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia : First one may be for you Andy. Maybe an expansion of what was asked before, but can you just talk about how much perpetual license or revenue you expect to generate from the geographies? Where you will continue to offer perpetual, meaning, in the countries like Russia, China, India and the like, how much perpetual should we see from those geographies if here, just so we have an idea of how to model perpetual kind of longer term?
Andrew Miller: Yes, THAT'S not a perpetual because we're driving those for subscription as fast as we can, but I will tell you that our non-capital bookings, they together represent about 15% of our bookings. Now some of those geographies are already majority subscription, it just had reached that point yet where we're ready to announce in end of life. So as we believe a country has gotten to a point that it's the markets ready that we figure out the channel enablement, the direct sales enablement, the pricing and the packaging and the market then we're going to do subscription out there. We just have taken a very majored approached and its work for us so far.
Saket Kalia : And then may be for other review. And you've mentioned before the roughly half of the maintenance conversations in the quarter where you had a quote on quote stick works and others you didn’t. Can you just talk about how the profile of maintenance to subscriptions have changed in terms of mix of conversions where you have a stick versus where you don’t have stick and kind how that pipeline is that make sense kind look here in '18?
Andrew Miller: It's been about half and half ever since the beginning which is why we introduced the enterprise conversion option and it's why we're very focused on sales enablement. So there are raps realized that there is a play out there that we're making really creates value in all of our price accounts.
Saket Kalia : So I try to find tune you answer little bit. I think it's half and half in the direct space but in the reseller channel.
Andrew Miller: No, it's not.
Saket Kalia : No, it's not. But I'm just saying there is all carrot, in the fact that we’re actually from a transaction count starting to do. I think you said 137 in the reseller space. It means that we’re getting some traction where there is no stick whatsoever.
Andrew Miller: Yes.
Saket Kalia : And that’s very promising in my view. That means that this will play just based on carrot, which is of course what we mean to do because we have many more carrots and we just fixed at this point.
Andrew Miller: Yes, exactly and it liked to be a carrot. That means the customer is wining, we found something the customer value and they are willing to pay more for it.
Operator: Our next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Jim, let's return to the subject of automotive. You and I've spoken about that periodically over the last two years in terms of the opportunities there for you. And you've now in the space that we had two pieces of news on automotive including Toyota. So could you perhaps speak a little bit more broadly about the reconsideration, let's call it that the major autos might be going through as evidenced by BMW in terms of how they are thinking about PLM, thinking about that more broadly? Are you seeing business that is more or less classical PLM? Or do you think that there is the opportunity here for you is but more long the BMW lines where it fits in with your IoT equals PLM concept?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, Jay. And I think that the automotive industry as a whole is going through a very big transformation. There is, these mega forces out there autonomy and electrification and sharing and mobility and so forth. And it's really causing changes in these automotive companies. And I think what this all come back to us as almost all of those strategy have worked in digital, and so I think every company, every major automotive OEM is thinking through, how do we use digital in more profound ways. And I think any company any industrial company that goes through a strategy around digital sooner or later realizes that PLM is a very important system. Because it's actually the single sources of the digital definition of things and so I think and again this is really was our premise with IoT, it was PLM as these two things were not only adjacent, but actually maybe IoT was the next generation of PLM. So I think that what got us in the door with BMW was not -- hey, we need a pin for pin replacements of a legacy PLM system, they said no. We are doing a digital transformation of BMW and to transform BMW, we are going to need a new way for example to move designs into production, and who has a system that could do that. Now it turns out, we do, it's Windchill with a bit of ThingWorx processing on top. And that was a great system. So I think that, as I've said I think that our opportunities will come from people taking a fresh look at what do our needs as opposed to who has the best version of yesterday system. And that's what got us into BMW and I would tell you we are having interesting conversations with numerous other automotive companies who are really stepping back and taking a fresh look at what really our needs and our requirements. And then who in the vendor community is kind of out there thinking in the same way we are. I think that's the big advantage for PTC because I think we are well ahead of our traditional CAD and PLM competitors and thinking about how the world is changing. And again BMW is great evidence to that.
Andrew Miller: The one thing I would add is, if you take a look at that Forrester Wave, they actually highlighted that fact that PTC's strategy though was not really rip and replace, it was be opened, be opened to be able to take data from other systems, bringing into other systems. And so, very well the automotive companies could very well likely keep their product data management within their existing legacy systems, but still leverage our capabilities in their digitization strategies without having a rip all that stuff out.
A - Jim Heppelmann: That's an important point I should maybe just elaborate on little bit. The key thing for people to know and Jay does know this, but for others who might not know it, we at PTC has no meaningful incumbency position in BMW or whatsoever. We were on the outside looking in and then there was a need, but we had to co-exist between a couple of other systems SAP systems, other PLM systems, legacy systems. And if we couldn’t be open enough to come in there and use our data pipelining techniques and so forth to trade data with other systems but apply our value add to along the way, there is no way we can win that business. But in the end, we are the only company who had both the openness and the functionality to make that work, and that's actually why we rose from stand on the side lines, looking at the building to ultimately closing the order with them. So I think it's a very interesting time in the industrial world in general and in the automotive business being a very advanced industrial business, we're starting to see some interesting possibilities. We don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but we feel good about things.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Quick one for Andy, if I may. Would it be correct to say that conversions account for less than a tenth of booking? Or has that percentage been creeping up?
Andrew Miller: Less than a tenth of bookings that's the like-for-like yes, absolutely.
Operator: Our last question will come from Gabriela Borges from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Gabriela Borges: Maybe for Andy. You mentioned explicitly the timing of the $3.5 million deal that closed in 1Q instead of 2Q, I wanted to revisit the full year outlook for bookings and the $10 million raise. Did anything change in your assumptions for FX or for the overall macro pipeline given that commentary around that was a little -- still pretty positive through the call? Just wondering if that's being incrementally reflected in the guidance?
Andrew Miller: FX is a small tailwind to the bookings growth, it's a small one.
Gabriela Borges: And in terms of the macro pipeline?
Andrew Miller: Macro, you know the macro I would say is a factor too. We've had two strong quarters even we've had like four or five quarters, the PMI looking pretty good. But it was really Q4 where we highlighted the fact that we felt that the economy was no longer a tailwind. So we have enough data points -- a headwind, I mean. So we have enough data point states on headwind and another quarter makes us feel even better about that.
Jim Heppelmann: Right, but the uptick in guidance was really a function.
Andrew Miller: Part Q1 rolling forward maybe a little bit of currency.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, yes.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay, thank you all. That's the end of our call. So let me just wrap up the call. I want to thank you all for joining and spending your time for us, with us this afternoon. And apologize once again for the snafu at the start of the call. You know when we step back and look at what's going on here at PTC as we transform the Company, we're proud of what we've accomplished so far, and a lot of shareholder value that's already been created. You know I think our Q1 results validate that we're gaining ground on this three part strategy, and we're confident that we're going to be able to execute the growth, the subscription conversion and the margin elements of that strategy. And as we do, we'll drive a substantial long-term shareholder value you know from this point forward. So thank you for joining. We hope to see you at an upcoming Investor event, and if not, we'll look forward to speaking with you on a call like this again in 90 days or so. So, operator, that concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. All participants may disconnect at this time. Thank you again for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox - SVP of Investor Relations Jim Heppelmann - CEO Andrew Miller - CFO Barry Cohen - CSO
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Ken Wang - Citi Steve Koenig - Wedbush Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Matt Swanson - RBC Capital Markets Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the PTC 2017 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. During this presentation, all parties will be on a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, conference will be open for question. And now, I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Good afternoon. Thank you, Jennie, and welcome to PTC's 2017 fourth quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Cohen, Chief Strategy Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast, and a replay of the call will be available later today on our Investor Relations website. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call, are valid only as of today's date, October 25, 2017, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our Investor website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's CEO, Jim Heppelmann.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Let me begin with the review of the fourth quarter and provide some perspectives on the significant milestones we achieved in fiscal 2017. Q4 was a strong quarter, capping off a strong year for PTC. In Q4, we continued our momentum by executing well across our key strategic and operational objectives. Bookings of 144 million were 14 million or 11% above the high end of our Q4 guidance. While bookings were relatively flat as reported in comparison to Q4 of last year, they were up 18%, if you exclude the $20 million booking from the mega deal in the year ago quarter. We delivered a subscription mix of 72% for the quarter, which was above our guidance target of 68%. Our subscription program progressed nicely throughout 2017 and as of now we very nearly achieved the original goal of 70% subscription bookings a year early. So our focus has shifted to reaching the new elevated goal of 85% of bookings in subscription. Q4 revenue and EPS were both within our guidance range, despite the higher subscription in the quarter and both would have exceeded the high end of our guidance at the lower subscription mix that we guided to. Momentum around our recurring revenue model progressed further in Q4 with total deferred revenue, both billed and unbilled of 1.1 billion, growing 40% year-over-year. Our annualized recurring revenue or ARR was 905 million, growing 12% year-over-year. With these metrics, we've established a very solid growth platform for the business going forward. To guide my commentary on our Q4 and fiscal 2017 results, I once again frame my discussion around the three key initiatives that were executing to maximize long-term shareholders value which are; number one, to increase our top line growth; number two, convert to a subscription model; and number three, expand their margins. So let me start by discussing our progress on the go front. After factoring out the SLM mega deal from Q4 of '16, Q4 '17 bookings grew 18% year-over-year and the full year bookings grew 10% despite the challenges in Japan that we discussed with you last quarter. Including the mega deal in Q4, '16, bookings were about flat for the quarter and up 4% for the full year. Bookings performance in Q4 and for fiscal '17 generally, reflects broad based strength across IoT, CAD and PLM. From the geographic prospective, Europe and Americas were very strong with full year bookings growth of 29% in Europe and 15% in the Americas, if you exclude that mega deal last Q4. We were pleased to see progress in Japan in the fourth quarter where bookings grew 80% sequentially to approximately 8 million, but we still have a lot of work to do in Japan to get back to the levels we would be satisfied with. From a segment prospective, it makes sense despite by discussing IoT which is obviously our highest growth business. The fourth quarter capped off a strong fiscal '17 with full year bookings growth that again exceeded the 30% to 40% estimated IoT market growth rate. Customer expansion activity grew in the quarter accounting for over 75% of our bookings, and the number of six figures deals grew 40% year-over-year, primarily driven by this expansions. For the full year, expansions comprised 70% of ThingWorx bookings, which is a clear indication that IoT adoption is gaining momentum as customer derived increasing value from there initiatives. IoT bookings continue to come from a wide variety of vertical markets and used cases, led now by the Industry 4.0 factory operations used case, where we landed 45 new customers in the quarter, followed by the service optimization used case for smart connected products. We also saw a continued strength in engineering used cases with ThingWorx Navigate. Because many of these used cases are not necessarily always thought out as being IoT by our customers, you will hear us referring more and more to ThingWorx as an industrial innovation platform where IoT is one of the key used cases, but so as Industry 4.0, engineering innovation, retail innovation and more. Let me share some custom examples with all from our success in the Industry 4.0 factory setting. During the quarter, we closed the large expansion deal with the leading Japanese automotive OEM, who's leveraging ThingWorx across its engine manufacturing operations, enabling them to use 3D design data, managed in Windchill with O2 data to optimize plant utilization. While PTC's heritage has been in discrete manufacturing, two large process manufacturing customers, one in consumer packaged goods and one in food and beverage, expanded the use of ThingWorx in the factory during the quarter. One of these firms has now grown as deployment to 100 factories worldwide while the others have 70. And another example coming from the high-tech and electronics market, LG Display, the world's largest manufacturer of LCD displays, adapted ThingWorx including ThingWorx Studio to drive efficiencies across their manufacturing operations. On the IoT ecosystem front, the ThingWorx's partner team delivered some key wins in Q4 including an agreement with Softbank who's launching ThingWorx based IoT service solutions for property owners and managers and Flowserve who selected ThingWorx for their next version of remote industrial equipment monitoring software to enable predictive aftermarket services. These wins represents just a small sampling of PTC's global IoT partner ecosystem that's leveraging ThingWorx across the wide range of use cases and industries including Smart City applications, utilities, healthcare energy and communications. Our ability access these opportunities through a partner ecosystem expands our addressable market and it adds to our exciting long-term growth opportunity in IoT. The market momentum we're experiencing in IoT reflects our unique position with highly differentiated technology and solutions. ThingWorx is consistently recognized as a market leading solution by industry analyst including the latest report, which we acknowledged in the press release last week. Nowhere is this differentiation more evident than with our augmented reality technology delivered via our horizontal Vuforia AR Engine and our vertical ThingWorx Studio AR content offering suite for industrial enterprise. Vuforia is for developers of all types who want to build applications that can see using computer vision and Vuforia is also built into ThingWorx Studio, which in turn enables enterprise customers to create and share scalable AR experiences without writing any code. We recently announced that both the Vuforia SDK and ThingWorx Studio now support Apple's ARKit and Google's ARCore in addition to previously announced report from Microsoft's HoloLens and Windows ML. Vuforia's developer ecosystem has tapped 350,000 developers and is growing fast, while ThingWorx Studio, our enterprise solution now has over 4,500 enterprises who have purchased or are test driving this technology for a broad range of industrial use cases including augmented service and maintenance distractions, operator instructions and product demonstrations. ThingWorx customers are delivering these AR experienced they offered using iOS and Android phones and tablets and a wearable like the Microsoft HoloLens. The several other big developers happening on the AR front right now. In early October, we launched a new product called Chalk, which is available on the Apple Apps store as Vuforia Chalk. This app allows you to make a video call to remote Chalk user and then mark up objects that you see in their remote environment using AR. In other words, it's an asset that let me see what you see and give you guidance using markups that I can do with my finger. But the markups attached to the objects in the background, not to the screen in your hand, which trust me is real breakthrough. Our customers see this as a transformational moment for customers support in remote service because now the experts can provide immediate visual guidance to consumers or service technicians from 1,000 of miles away. I recommend you download Vuforia Chalk and try it out with a friend or family member, it's free for consuming use, but it has to be licensed for enterprise use. The second piece of news is that just yesterday, Harvard Business Review published a blockbuster series of articles written by professor, Michael Porter and me, titled Why Every Organization Needs an AR Strategy. This article series what HBR calls a showcase, has a downloadable companion app that I promise will amaze you as it works with the print article to open your mind to the possibilities of AR in the enterprise. You can find this in November and December HBR newsstands now or soon, and we will make reprints available on our Investor website as soon as we can get our hands on the PDF version. Across the board, I trust you can see there is a lot's of energy and enthusiasm building around our ThingWorx Industrial Innovation Platform, but I'm pleased to report that our solutions business is doing well too. I'd like to preference my comments here by reminding you that we had a very strong solutions booking performance in Q4 of '16 when we had a growth of 27% year-over-year to in part to the $20 million booking from an SLM mega deal. That strong year ago quarter creates difficult compares for our core business. But excluding the SLM mega deal, Q4, '17 bookings grew an impressive 16% year-over-year in the solutions business, well ahead of our long-term target growth rate. The strength in our solutions business was driven by our CAD and core PLM business. CAD continues its streak of above market growth, growing multiple times faster than the market in the quarter and delivering 14% growth for the full year. Our CAD business has now delivered two consecutive years of double digit constant currency bookings growth. The Creo business has a rock solid product that continues to benefit from our go-to-market improvement initiatives, evidence by seven consecutive quarters of double-digit bookings growth in our retailer channel. In core PLM, Q4 bookings were up 9% year-over-year, resulting in full year growth of 6%, which is in line with market growth rates. PLM continues to benefit from sales of ThingWorx Navigate, wherein Q4, we close transactions across the variety of vertical markets including automotive, aerospace, med devices and high tech, which supports our view that this offering will resonate across thousands of enterprise Windchill customers creating a significant long-term opportunity to drive continued PLM growth. We also secured several major strategic PLM wins in the Americas and Europe during Q4 including that competitive displacement with a leading global medical devices company and the new customer win with semiconductor manufacturer Infineon Technologies Ag, who chose Windchill for enterprise wide PLM. Ever since, we began our aggressive move into IoT back in fiscal 2014, we've been hoping that our IoT strength would circle back and play a synergistic role and strengthening growth in our core CAD and PLM business. Looking back FY '17 data, I see that ThingWorx played a big role in most large PLM deals and it's increasingly impacting CAD purchases as well. Last week for example, we held our FY '18 sales kick off. I used the opportunity to collect firsthand feedback from numerous direct sales reps and I also had a chance to talk the principals of several big resellers from the U.S. and Europe. It was interesting to see how excited the resellers were about their business and ours and to hear their views about how much more differentiated our CAD to PLM offerings are. Thanks to our Industrial Innovation platform. Both direct sellers and resellers talked about their ability to position themselves to the customer CSOs, as a guide through digital transformation involving smart products and smart operation. Traditional competitors especially in the reseller space are left pushing feature function and price point arguments around CAD to PLM. And fortunately, our story is pretty strong there too. Many of you heard, we make the case at various events like our LIBOR Conference that IoT really is just the next generation PLM concept. Our bookings data suggest that this is an argument we're starting to win. To close out on the growth front, we're very pleased with the impressive bookings performance by our sales organization in Q4, capping off a strong fiscal '17. For the second year in a row, the team has delivered bookings growth that meets market growth and exceeds the needs of our long-term model. Let me turn now to our second top level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is our transition to a subscription model. The Q4 '17 mix of 72% subscription bookings was 400 basis points ahead of our guidance, reflecting continued strong demand for our subscription offerings around the globe and in our channel. With our plans to move to a subscription only model in the Americas and Western Europe, at the start of our fiscal two of '18, and with additional subscription programs coming online this quarter, we remain confident in our long-term subscription mix and recurring software revenue targets. Let me finish the outline by discussing our third top level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is to further increase our operating margins. In Q4, our operating margin was within our guidance range with operating expenses declining 3 million from last year, and fiscal '17 operating margin improving over a 100 basis point from fiscal '16. This confirms that fiscal '16 was the trough for full year operating margins. As Andy will detail in our guidance discussions, we expect to deliver continued operating margin expansion in fiscal '18 and then rapidly accelerating margin expansion in fiscal '19 and beyond, as the compounding benefit of multiple years of our maturing subscription models realized. Illustrating this compounding benefit of subscription, in fiscal '18, we expect recognized subscription revenue to exceed subscription bookings for the first time. Let me summarize then where we are as we transition to fiscal '18. PTC has a long range plan that will transform our company into one of the premier industrial software companies in the world by 2021, a subscription company with recurring revenues approaching $2 billion with double digit growth rates and with margins in the low 30s. Our program to get there is not easy, but is straightforward. We simply have to increase our growth rates by establishing ourselves as a winner in IoT while holding our own in the core business. We need to finish our subscription transition and we need to continue our spending discipline while letting revenue grow faster. FY '17 was another solid year of execution across the three dimensions to that program. It's another great year that goes win column. We’re confident about our FY'18 plan and that outlook keeps us right on track for our long range plan. We still have challenges like Japan and SLM that we're working hard to address, but the largest contributor to our business like our CAD and PLM and IoT segments. And our U.S. and Europe geographies are working very well and we’re beginning to answer the more exciting growth phase of the subscription transition. Everybody on my team is proud of the track record of years of progress we made in our transformation already, we really like where we’re right now and we love where the Company is headed. We’re focused and committed and confident that PTC will emerge as that premier industrial software company. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy, who will review some of the financial highlights with you.
Andrew Miller: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Please note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance, also all year-over-year bookings growth comparison exclude the Q4 '16, $20 million SLM air force booking. Q4 bookings of $144 million were more than 14 million above the high end of guidance and grew 18%, driven by broad based strength across CAD, core PLM and IoT. Regionally, Europe delivered especially strong results with bookings growth of 39%. The Americas grew bookings 10% and APAC bookings growth was back in positive territory with Japan showing some encouraging progress growing booking sequentially 80% to approximately 8 million. Our channel grew double digits for the seventh consecutive quarter. For the full year bookings of 419 million increased 10%. I do want to share that fourth quarter bookings included in almost $7 million conversion deal in Europe that closed earlier than expected and is pull in from Q1 of fiscal '18. The conversion start date is January 1, 2018. Even without this deal, Q4 bookings were more than 7 million above the high end of our guidance, showing the broad based strength in our business. However, as you see when I discuss guidance, this early close does impact Q1 and fiscal '18 expected growth rates, but we were glad to take this very attractive conversion deal of the street early. Total deferred revenue billed plus unbilled increased year-over-year by $310 million or 40% to $1.09 billion as of end of Q4 '17. Billed deferred revenue was up 45 million or 11% year-over-year. We believe total deferred revenue billed and unbilled combined is the most relevant metric, as there is a seasonality to the timing of our recurring revenue billings throughout the year and due to the timing of our fiscal quarter ends. Average contract length for Q4 and the full year was two years, the same as last year. ARR grew 12% year-over-year to 905 million. Subscription adoption trends remains strong especially in EMEA, the Americas and Japan. Our support conversion program continues to gain traction. In the fourth quarter, 38 enterprise customers converted their support contracts to subscription at an average ACV uplift that was once again 50% above the prior annual support amount. For the full year, the average ACV uplift from conversions was over 50%. In our channel where we introduced a new CAD conversion program during Q4, early results were promising with over a 130 conversions booked with ACV uplift of 30%. Additionally, for those large enterprise customers who did not convert this quarter and signed new support contracts instead, their support ACV increased 20% and I'll remind you that we do not include this increase support ACV in our bookings results. We believe that the conversion opportunity within our customer base is substantial and will continue to play out over many years, as we introduced new programs including a new conversion program targeting our enterprise customer base that just launched at the beginning of fiscal '18. One last point about conversions recall that we include only the incremental ACV in our bookings results, not the full contract value of the new subscription contract. Turning to the income statement, total fourth quarter revenue of $307 million was at the high end of our guidance range and up 6% year-over-year despite a decline in professional services revenue of $7 million. At our guidance subscription mix, our revenue would have exceeded the high end of our guidance. Q4 was the third quarter of year-over-year revenue growth since launching our subscription program at the beginning of fiscal '16m highlighting that we have exited the subscription trough. Software revenue was up 10% year-over-year despite an increase in our subscription mix, including 105% growth in subscription revenue and 13% growth in total recurring software revenue. Approximately 85% of Q4 software revenue was recurring up from 83% a year ago. Operating expense in the fourth quarter of $181 million was down $3 million from last year and Q4 operating margin was within our guidance range of 18% to 19% despite the higher subscription mix. The strength in Q4 bookings resulted in higher commission expense than planned driving total OpEx slightly above our guidance. EPS of $0.34 was within our guidance range and would have been above the high end of guidance at $0.39, at the guidance mix of 68%. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and investments of $330 million were up $19 million from Q3, '17 driven primarily by $28 million of adjusted free cash flow. During the quarter, we've repurchased $16 million of stock. Now turning to guidance, for fiscal '18, we expect bookings in the range of $446 million to $464 million, which is growth of 7% to 11% year-over-year and 10% to 14% when factoring in that $7 million conversion mega deal that I previously highlighted. We expect subscription mix to increase 1,100 basis points year-over-year to 80% for the full fiscal year and expect to exit the year in the 85% range, which is consistent with our long range subscription mix target. We expect fiscal '18 total revenue in the range of $1.225 billion to $1.24 billion growth of 5% to 6% year-over-year, including 404 million to 415 million of subscription revenue, growth of approximately 60% year-over-year. Note that given our progress in our subscription transition, for the first time, subscriber revenue is expected to exceed subscription bookings by more than 20% illustrating the compounding benefit of a subscriber business model as the model matures. And recognize that FY '18 is only the third year of our subscription program. Fiscal '18 recurring software revenue is expected to grow of 13% to 14%. Total software revenue is expected to grow 7% to 8% and ARR is expected to grow in the mid. Note that we expect recurring software revenue to exceed 90% of our total software revenue in fiscal '18. We expect our services margin to be 20% and we expect OpEx in the range of 723 million to 733 million, up 5% to 6.5% year-over-year, including about 140 basis points from currency. You will note our OpEx guidance is in line with our long-term model to grow OpEx at no more than half the rate of booking growth. This results in operating margin of approximately 17% to 18%, an improvement of a 100 to 150 basis points year-over-year. As Jim mentioned, we expect rapid acceleration in margin expansion begin in fiscal '19 in the 400 to 600 basis points range as the compounding benefits of multiple years of our maturing subscription business model is realized. We're assuming a tax rate of 9% to 11% for the full year resulting an EPS of a $1.27 to $1.37, which is growth of 13% at the midpoint. Fiscal '18 adjusted free cash flow is expected to grow 31% at the midpoint of our guidance to 190 million to 200 million. We've included about 40 million of CapEx in fiscal '18, up from 25 million in fiscal '17, primarily due to the billed out of our new Boston headquarters. We expect CapEx to decline to historical levels when the billed out is complete, which is likely Q2 of fiscal '19. As with operating margins, we expect free cash flow to accelerate significantly in fiscal '19 as the subscription model mature. Turning now to Q1 '18 guidance, we expect bookings in range of 82 million to 92 million in modest year-over-year decline at the midpoint of guidance due primarily to timing of a couple of mega deals. As you will recall Q1 last year benefited from a $12 million mega deal and is previously mentioned Q1 '18 does not include the $7 million conversation that we closed early at the very end of Q4, '17. Excluding the impact of these transactions, Q1 trends are in line with our historical patterns. Total revenues expected to be in the range of 297 million to 302 million, which at the midpoint represents 4% growth and includes subscription revenue growth of approximately 80%, and total recurring software revenue growth of 12% after midpoint. Q1 operating expenses are expected to be $176 million to $180 million, resulting an operating margin in the range of 16% to 17% representing 100 basis points to 200 basis points improvement in operating margin over the last year. We are assuming a tax rate of 9% to 11% resulting in EPS of a $0.28 to $0.32, an increase to 13% at the midpoint. Finally, before I turn the call over the operator, I would like to address our long-term financial targets that we provided you last November. Based on our strong fiscal '17 results and our positive outlook for 2018, we are reaffirming our prior fiscal '21 financial targets which I will remind you call for 1.8 billion in total revenue growing double digits with 1.6 billion of software revenue, growing double-digits, 85% subscription mix yielding 95% recurring software revenue, operating margin in the low 30% range, EPs of $4.16 and free cash flow of 525 million. Given the compound in benefit of a subscription business model, operating margin, EPS and free cash flow growth all accelerate significantly beginning in the fiscal '19. We've included in the long-term operating model presentation with our earnings documents posted to our investor relations website. Since we are not making any changes to our long range targets today, we will not be hosting a separate investor webcast as we have in the past. Looking ahead, we do plan to expand our investor program at LiveWorx, which is next June in Boston, and we are on the road throughout this quarter starting next week in New York and Boston. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now start the question-and-answer session for this conference. [Operator Instructions] First question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Sterling Auty: So noticed in the guidance for the first quarter that actually it seems like the upfront of perpetual is stronger in terms of the mix in terms of the total dollars than I would have expected, is that just in preparation of the elimination of subscription? And then the follow on, so I can squeeze two into one question. Japan improved to 8 million in bookings, people really wanted to know, how do you think the improvement should kind of scale out from here?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, so the lower subscription mix 68% in the first quarter contemplates frankly within our pipeline now. We still contemplate that perpetual is still available in the Americas and Europe in the first quarter. Then there is a fed function increase in the subscription mix starting in the second quarter and we expect to hit 85% subscription by the fourth quarter. Regarding the Japan, so Japan is far what we've been cautious relative to what we've factored into our guidance for fiscal '18. In fact while we do have the growth factored in there from fiscal '17, if you look at the actual bookings number in our operating plans, it is lower than our bookings in fiscal '14, '15 and '16. So we've been cautious about what we put in Japan as we continue to kind a work to apply in there to bring that back performance back in line.
Andrew Miller: But just to add, I mean we do think it will take multiple quarters to kind a get back to a new normal. But we're making good progress.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Wang from Citi. Your line is open.
Ken Wang: Hey guys. So Andy, I think one area that I wanted to touch on is just free cash flow this year. It seems like it was a little lighter than the guidance range you guys had provided. Just wondering what some of the puts and takes there are?
Andrew Miller: Yes. So, we came in $9 million below the low end of our guidance, $149 million versus $158 million. It was related to some collection timing, we actually collected $44 million in the first three weeks of this quarter. So that was unfortunate, we're off to a good start this quarter but it was frankly just some collection timing.
Ken Wang: Got you. And then I guess on I guess this will be deferred and cash flow little bit. But in terms of having one fewer day in Q1, how should we think about what the impact would be on the balance sheet?
Andrew Miller: Yes, so, basically we're losing December 31st as compared to last year. And so, we look at that that's, if you look year-over-year that's going to impact the growth of our billed deferred revenue by about 200 basis points. It's roughly $6 million that we -- when we look at what's expected to build on December 31 based upon our recurring revenue billings. The other thing I'll remind you is last year we had reduction bill deferred revenues from Q4 to Q1 because we didn't have the big billing at January 1st and 2nd. But of course this year again, we don't have the big billings at January 1st and 2nd, which of course are even bigger now with subscription. So, we do expect a step down from Q4 to Q1 in billed deferred revenue, however, not as big as step down has occurred last year, given the progress on subscription. Again, we think you should look at total deferred revenue as opposed to billed deferred revenue because that is contractually committed and that removes this volatility as far as what day the quarter ends as well as the timing of when billings actually happen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig from Wedbush. Your line is open.
Steve Koenig: I want to ask you on -- I want to talk about partnerships and what you're doing. So, there has been news about a large industrial tech company partnering with horizontal tools like Microsoft in that case. I know you're working on partner applications and you talk a little bit about ThingWorx-based applications. Can you give us an update on what you're doing in the partnering front and with these ThingWorx applications anything exciting going on there?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I mean I think we're working of partnership angle in a couple of different vectors, Steve. One I talked about which is we're signing up partners who are in various forums ultimately resellers or OEMs of ThingWorx. But I come back to the large industrial firms, it's interesting there is been about I don't know six maybe seven analysts reports published that show a cluster of leaders. Typically, PTC, Microsoft, Amazon, sometimes IBM and GE, depends a little if it’s a U.S. or European report. But when we find ourselves in this cluster of leaders, we look at everybody else and we see that they're really offering a horizontal call strategy and we're really offering a vertical application building and running tool. So in fact we think that Microsoft, Amazon to a large degree IBM and of course GE for previous announcements really are complementing of what we're doing. You can build really great ThingWorx apps that run on Amazon or Azure or Predix and maybe at least in theory on IBM's cloud. So, we're investing in those relationships and we think that anybody who signed the partnership with Microsoft remains a good candidate to be a partner of ours. In fact, we would say ThingWorx is the very best way to build an Azure IoT application, especially one in an industrial world where you walk into a factory. That factory is different from every other factor you ever set foot in even in the same enterprise. And now you supposed to build an application quickly, you're going to have to figure out how to connect all these different PLC, and so forth gather data together you're going to want to build applications for the plant manager, for the operator, for the service technician. And to a degree they are unique because this is a special situation, a snowflake, if you will, that is different from every other one. When you run into an environment like that, I mean ThingWorx just sings. So, we feel actually that Microsoft could and I hope will emerge really as one of our most important partners. I tell you I'm personally investing some energy in that because I think that should happen it makes sense. And I think you know, it's not just ThingWorx, it’s the HoloLens and other stuff we're doing there. It's the connection between PLM and IoT and dynamics for ERP and CRM. So, lots of good stuff could happen there, and we're trying to invest some energy to become partners of Microsoft and partners with everybody who is partners with Microsoft.
Steve Koenig: And Jim since that was part of my original question, I'm going to go, go back to any update on the ThingWorx-based manufacturing up. I know you're working on a portfolio of that. I believe with partners, any progress report there to stay tuned?
Jim Heppelmann: I mean we did shift the first three at our LIBOR's Conference or shortly thereafter I guess it was, so that would be may be just prior to this last quarter. They are very, very helpful both for securing business and we had a blockbuster quarter selling ThingWorx into factories. And then of course getting ThingWorx deployed because rather than starting with the great application building tool, but no applications, now we're starting with a great application building tool and a pre-build set of applications, which you might just deploy or may be tweak them a little bit using tool, and you're much closure to value and the value is much more clear and obvious to the buyer. I think those applications are doing well and contributing to really surprisingly good results for PTC in the world of factory automation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: First on the product front. Just could you comment on the adoption of ThingWorx 8 thus far, which is launched a few months back? And then similarly, are you expecting that Windchill 12 will ship as expected in December just scheduled given at LiveWorx? And then on the selling front, you highlighted the continued momentum in the channel which is actually quite interesting to see. And in that respect in terms of maintaining that into fiscal '18, could you comment on some of the initiatives you have in terms of your what you call your CPQ initiatives, get active or reassigning midmarket accounts back to the channel, that's sort of thing, if you could you talk about some of those accumulated efforts you have to continue to drive your indirect business?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I'll take the first part of that first. So, on the product front, off course any new sale we are doing right now is using ThingWorx 8 and that's important because as you know we acquired numerous technologies and ThingWorx 8 is where the all converged into one seamless architecture one seamless experience. So, we would not talk to any new customer nor would any new customer want to hear any story other than the ThingWorx 8 story. Now that's not the same and every past customer has already upgraded. That tends to happen around certain milestones or convenient times and what not, and that depends too on how easy to get to new capabilities. But I think the organization and all the pipeline and so forth has 100% converted over to ThingWorx 8. And I forgot to check on Windchill 12, but so far as I know it's on track for December and come along nicely.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Alright. And then the channel question?
Jim Heppelmann: Our channel organization has made great progress over the past few years. We actually have 15% more feed on the street than we did three years ago. And their productivity for each of those feed on the street has gone up. The problem has matured tremendously and has a roadmap of continuing initiatives, so that it's a peer of kind of the best-in-class channels that are out there in our market today. The channel is one in the growing seven quarters double-digits, high double-digits in the fourth quarter of fiscal '17. As far as transferring accounts that was an activity that happened in the past, it’s not really happening more in the future. But the focus right now is frankly just continuing to mature the kind of how we manage the channel, which is doing quite a well right now.
Andrew Miller: Yes, I mean it's really -- the channel, I don’t think we would say as best-in-class yet, but it seems to be headed there. And it's really different people with professional programs and we're doing the right thing, and those are things are producing results. So the story here is very, very good and I will tell you personally firsthand, our channel partners are very happy right now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia: So, two, if I can squeeze them in. The first maybe for you, Andy. Can you just talk about the fiscal '18 bookings guide qualitatively? And I guess what I mean by that is, it seems like maintenance is going to decline a pretty healthy amount despite more favorable FX. So can you just talk about the double digit bookings growth next year, maybe talking about it from a maintenance conversion perspective versus let's call it fundamental growth? That's the first question for you Andy. And then the second question for you, Jim is, I just want to re-ask a question which was asked early about partners, but specifically [as you were in] on General Electric, very important partner obviously from an IoT perspective. We all saw the leadership changes there and some of the commentary on GE Digital. The question for you Jim is, can you levels that for us how you expect that GE relationship to evolve, if at all in 2018?
Andrew Miller: Yes, so let me address your first question. So we guided 13% to 14% recurring revenue growth and note that accelerating with ending ARR growth in the mid-teens, again accelerated. So that certainly looks great. And I'm pretty so you have a detailed model. So you'll see that that actually plays out nicely. Now, what happens as far as the dynamics between moving from support to subscription, when a conversion has already happened in the past, then the run rate of support for that get moved up into the subscription line and out of the support line. So for example the guidance we gave does have the fourth quarter conversions that the support run rate is out of support and into subscription. Now as if I talk be clear without a booking, without out a booking being recorded. So that's why one goes down the other one goes up. But then the subscription also goes up on top of that movement for in the case of the conversion for the incremental ACV that we earn. So that's how that one grows at a faster rate than the support goes down for a conversion. FX is a modest tailwind for us this year, you can probably get some idea of the overall sizing of that given the -- and that's because, [indiscernible] where I think because we've already hedged much of the year when FX rates were not so strong. So when the dollar was actually stronger than it is today, we hedged much of next year. So, sometimes hedging helps you, sometimes it hurts you. We don't know what's going to happen with currencies for the rest of this year, so who knows will wind this, helping us or hurting us. We did highlight that FX impacts our OpEx by about 140 basis points. India and Israel are big drivers for that and there was a much more substantial move of those currencies than the Europe for example. So -- and you can get some idea that it's a modest tailwind for us. When you look at EPS, it's not really a tailwind at all for us for FY'18.
Jim Heppelmann: And maybe I can pick up on the GE question. So let me first say, GE is a very important customer and partner. And of course, they're CAD PLM customers, but let's set that aside. On the IoT side, they're very important customer deploying ThingWorx in their factories. And of course, they're important partner reselling some of our technology as part of solutions they deliver. So we're probably reading the same headlines you're reading about how [indiscernible] is going to transform GE in profound ways, but he haven't told us what those ways are yet. And I'm assuming he has told you. So I think we're all setting in the sidelines, maybe we learn more learn in November. But I don't think we have any basis to speculate at this point, it's just steady as you go. We're working hard on the deployments. We're doing what we can to nurture the partnership and we'll wait and see if anything changes based on this new strategy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Matt Swanson: Hey guys, this is actually Matt Swanson on for Matt. Congratulations on the quarter. So, this has really been a really strong year for Europe. And I know that kind of reflects in the PMI results we've seen lately. Was there anything going on there beyond kind of the general macros?
Andrew Miller: Well, I mean the PMI is strong here and that's been helpful. Probably has shifted over the last year and half two years from being headwind to it at least neutral, if that's not a tailwind. But I actually would attribute it to the strength of our organization there. We have some of our best accounts and we have some of our best field resources in Europe. The guy we got running our greater Europe based out of France is phenomenal. The guy we have running Germany is phenomenal. These guys are building great relationships. They're winning really good deals. We've mentioned Infineon for example that was a substantial deal, coming out of semiconductors space. Infineon of course was spun off Siemens sometime ago and uses lots of Siemens technology. So I'm sure they got to look. But any way we have a really strong organization and really good solutions and I think we're just executing very well in Europe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gabriela Borges from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Gabriela Borges: Andy, maybe just a little bit more on the maintenance conversion. You’ve mentioned two data points in the prepared remarks. One on the average ACV uplift being in the order of 50%, and then another on CAD conversion that I've just thought being in the order of over 30%. Could you just explain what the nuance between those two types of conversions are? And then as we look at the longer term model and we think about layering the benefit of maintenance conversation into the full longer term model. How should we think about the incremental EBIT contributions that you could get as that deal flare in? Thank you.
Andrew Miller: So, again the 50% ACV uplift about half of that typically has been just a like-for-like conversation, so same products, same I should say same value dollar amount value of their billed materials. They do get a restack and remix and they are doing the conversion for that restack and remix and just the ongoing flexibility of having the subscription contract. That's not half of it. They're in a buying motion. They're probably just inventory. They're people on what they would like to have as well as what they actually already have. And so we’re able to sell them incremental software at the same time and that’s what brings the ACV up to over 50% Q4 and actually every quarter this year. Lastly, it was just over 40% in total with about 25% like-for-like. Now, the CAD was a new program that we offered this year where you could turn in your perpetual license, convert it to subscription. And you'd get a choice of three or four extension, CAD extensions, and you would get those for free and the conversion which potentially cost you 25% more on average. So that program was just launched. The channel partners had to learn about it. And really we saw, some really nice progress in the America and Europe predominantly with 130 of those, I believe during the quarter. It turned out. We actually got 30% more not the 25% like-for-like and that was actually because they bottled a little bit more at same time, as they did the conversion. We introduced a new conversion programs for the enterprise. It totally where we don’t have it’s a stick like where the support is currently after market rate. We do that because of the 212 I think it is. Enterprise conversions, we done like today about half of them, we did not have a stick. Their support was already at the market rate. And frankly they did it for the flexibility, the restack and the remix. So, we actually have come up with the new program that is less art and more kind of here how it works. And that launched the start of October and our pricing study shows that there should be some real demand for that. And again, we would expect to like-for-like about 25% more in that conversion program. Now, if you look at our long-term model off course conversions are always in our current year guidance because they are in our pipeline and our sales reps working conversion the same way they work in new deal. Okay, they are trying to get incremental value from the customer and also sell somewhere software at the same time. But there we have not put them in our long-term model which for that would mean FY '19 to '21. So you could simply look at our installed base, make assumptions on what penetration you think we are going to get of our support base, and pretty much close to 80% of our support comes from the enterprise customers and about 20% comes from the channel customers. So you can easily add assumptions to your model for that.
Gabriela Borges: That's helpful. Thank you.
Jim Heppelmann: The last thing I was going to say. We see this playing half for a very long time, if you look at the 200 enterprise customers we have now, about half of them are in the top 500. They have the low market support where we only 20% penetrated through that 500. And about half a 100 out of them roughly are from the next 1,000 customers, so only 10% penetrated of the kind of next cohort of customers. Thank you, Gabriel.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Talanian from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ken Talanian: So I was wondering if you can give us a sense for some of the drivers of CAD and PLM growth that you are factoring into your '18 bookings guidance. And specifically there is a question I get all the time that, how should we think about the difference between volume or seat growth versus pricing?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, okay, I can try out first of them and then you can add anything, I might have missed. I think if you look at your CAD business and quite frankly our PLM still you start with really great products and maybe in the past, we've had some focus or distribution challenges, but our products are very good. You add onto that this ThingWorx story around industrial innovation platform and some of the really interesting capabilities did that bring to navigate and to augment reality and virtual reality. And it actually makes the CAD story and the PLM story both much more compelling. Then you layer into the improvements we've made in go-to-market and distribution, both the direct side where we have a CAD overly forced in place is working, and off course the channel all the -- channel talents improvements we've been making over the past few years. And you've got a business which just start to work well. Now, I think it's full of volume and price in the sense that we're selling more capabilities. When we sell and see the navigate, you remember we allocate half of that seat to ThingWorx and half of that seat to PLM, so selling capability into a PLM account helps to drive PLM revenue. And I think probably the bigger part that was. We're selling more seats in the more accounts especially in the channel that would be droving in lot of our strengths here really is coming from the channel space.
Andrew Miller: And what I would tell you, if you look at our guidance growth rate, it's pretty much in line with market growth rates for even for FY '18. So it's not like achieving our FY '18 plans requires us to grow CAD double-digits or PLM above the market growth rates. It's basically CAD growing at roughly market growth where at PLM growing roughly market growth rates and IoT growing at market growth rates.
Jim Heppelmann: That's not the same where we won't try to grow it.
Andrew Miller: Absolutely, yes.
Jim Heppelmann: At any point, we're not all going to live with that guidance. We're not trying to do something that should be impossible. We're trying to do something that's really pretty middle of the road, keep up with the market, and we could deliver that guidance range.
Andrew Miller: The other thing I'd add is specifically in PLM, in addition to what PML added around, how ThingWorx and Augmented Reality actually helping us differentiate both our CAD and PLM products. In PLM specifically, we're seeing strength in retail and med device where we're quite focused. And we're also franking seeing strength in the cloud where we grew in FY '17, our cloud PLM over 50%. And we believe we're by far the largest cloud vendor. Many of our new customers simply go straight to the cloud and we've seen many of our even our large older customers frankly move more [indiscernible]?
Jim Heppelmann: From unframed into the cloud.
Andrew Miller: Into the cloud.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I should have mentioned that. Just on the cloud point to give a little more depth. No doubt, PLM and maybe even more so CAD have been lagging categories in terms of movement to the cloud. But that seems to be happening now. And you may remember, we acquired a little company back and it was in 2011 already Net Ideas, who had created a cloud business around Windchill. So, we basically brought that business in-house and put more resources behind it and it's prospered. And we think you can compare us to any pure play or any other PLM vendor. We think we're doing more business in the cloud than anybody. And it's becoming a big proportion of the business we're doing every quarter. So that's definitely a key driver as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Monika Garg from KeyBanc Capital. Your line is open.
Monika Garg: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. The first is, Andy, you've talked about like the enterprise customers who do not upgrade to subscription and renew support ACV that increased at 20%. Maybe just talk about [indiscernible] like to search how you grow and support ACV?
Andrew Miller: Well, basically, these are the enterprise customers who are paying below market support. So we basically first give them a code to take them up to market rates, which tend to about as 20% or so increase. And then we offer them the opportunity to instead convert to subscription for just a little bit more. So that's the sales play we do for those top 500 accounts where they're below market. And most go to subscription or intend to go to subscription. So when you look at this quarter, 60% of those that we ran that play with, chose to convert to subscription. The most of the rest actually ask for bridge agreement to give them just a little bit more time. And we do that at a premium get mature term bridge agreement. And then there were a handful that basically couldn't get it done within the year. I mean it's going to take them a year, so they just sign up for another year of support. And their ACV for that went up 20%. So that's essentially how that's played out.
Monika Garg: Then you've reiterated fiscal 2021 target, how much fiscal '20 target which was $450 million and cash flow $1.6 billion in revenue?
Andrew Miller: Could you restate that question, the 2021 target is $1.6 billion of software, $1.8 billion is total revenue, both growing double digits.
Monika Garg: Right, so you've reiterated 2021 targets, but remember there was also fiscal 2020 target, which was…
Andrew Miller: We put a presentation on the Investor Relations website and I think you can see 2020 pretty clearly on that one.
Operator: That was last question. I will turn the call back to Jim Heppelmann.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay, great. Well, thank you, Jennie. So, I want to thank everybody who joined us on the call here for spending your time with us this afternoon. I trust you will agree that our Q4 and fiscal '17 results validate. They were executing again the three pillars of growth, subscription and profitability expansion. And I trust you further agree that if we do that and continue to announce, that’s going to create a lot of long-term shareholders value. So, we're happy with where we're and hope you’re too. We look forward to seeing you at an upcoming investor event. And if not, I look forward to talking you on the call again in 90 days. So thank you very much for joining us and Jennie that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-07-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox - Vice President and Investor Relations James Heppelmann - President and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Miller - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Barry Cohen - Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer
Analysts: Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets Steve Koenig - Wedbush Securities Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Kenneth Wong - Citi Investment Research Rob Oliver - Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. Kenneth Talanian - Evercore ISI Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the PTC 2017 Third Quarter Conference Call. During today’s presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be open for questions. I now would like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Good afternoon. Thank you, Christine, and welcome to PTC's 2017 third quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Cohen, Chief Strategy Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast, and a replay of the call will be available later today on our Investor Relations website. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance as to future operating results, because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today, July 19, 2017, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our Investor Relations website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to PTC's CEO, Jim Heppelmann.
James Heppelmann: Thanks Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our Q3 financial performance was solid and overall we continue to make important strides against our major strategic initiatives during the quarter. Revenue and EPS were at or near the high end of our guidance, and momentum around our recurring revenue model progressed further in Q3 with total deferred revenue growing 38% year-over-year and Annualized Recurring Revenue or ARR growing 11% year-over-year. Our license and subscription ARR crossed the $300 million milestone in the quarter. However, after six quarters of very strong bookings momentum, sales execution issues in Japan drove booking results below our guidance range. Japan missed its plan by $11 million and bookings declined $12 million from a strong Q3 last year. Year-to-date Japans bookings are down $20 million versus last year, which is an issue that’s been a drag on otherwise great bookings performance so far this year. While in the first half of the year, exceptionally strong performance in the Americas and Europe was able to offset weaker performance in Japan. In Q3, that was not the case. There were a few more large deals in play in the Americas and Europe that could have offset our Japan performance, but we were unable to close them in the quarter. Let me take a moment to provide some color on Japan and the steps we have taken to remedy the situation. About a year-ago, we reassigned our Japan Country Manager to the U.S. to drive some larger global initiatives and to further his professional development. During his seven-year track record, running Japan for PTC, this executive grew bookings at a CAGR of 14%. When his job changed last year, we thought he had adequate bench strength in Japan. However, it became apparent that we did not, because the leadership change expose the sale execution issues that affected this quarter and a performance year-to-date. To address this, we’ve already relocated the former country manager back to Japan, where he is leading the team there as we will fall remediation plan. This leader knows our Japan business well and it has prospered under his leadership. So we're simply reverting back to what was a very successful configuration. We're confident we can get this region back on track in the coming quarters. In terms of the macro situation, the PMI in Japan was 52 in June, which was 10th quarter of modest expansion. While 52 is not particularly strong, we believe it suggests the challenges are mostly internal the PTC and therefore under our control. We do not believe there's been any change in the competitive landscape in Japan and the deals that didn't close remain in the pipeline. As we address Japan, we're pleased with our performance in the Americas, Europe and in our global channel. Year-to-date in constant currency, Americas bookings growth is in the high teens. Europe's bookings growth is in the mid-20s and our channel has grown in double-digits for sixth consecutive quarters. What does this all mean for Q4, our Q4 pipeline is very strong and our forecast is not dependent upon us fully facing Japan in the fourth quarter, they will get started. Taking everything into account, our current Q4 forecast and guidance is essentially unchanged from last quarter and we believe our long-term business model remains intact. Now back to more specifics on Q3. To summarize my comments regarding how our business is performing, I will give the frame – the discussion around the three key initiatives that we focus on the maximized long-term shareholder value. As a reminder first, to increase our topline growth; second, to convert to a subscription business model; and third to continue our margin expansion, let me start by discussing progress against our growth ambition. We remain focused on and committed to achieving sustainable double-digit growth by returning our core business to mid single-digit growth consistent with the more mature CAD and PLM market, while growing our IoT business in the 30% to 40% range consistent with the faster growing IoT market. That combination would create low double-digit overall growth for PTC. So against that goal, even with headwinds from Japan based on our Q4 forecast, we expect our CAD and core PLM businesses to achieve bookings growth at or slightly above the market for fiscal 2017 and our IoT business to achieve bookings growth above the 30% to 40% range this year. In IoT, we had another solid quarter with strong contribution from customer expansions, which accounted for over 40% of our bookings and the number of six figure deals grew sequentially and year-over-year primarily driven by these expansions. New bookings continue to come from a variety of vertical markets and use cases with the manufacturing operations, optimization use case taking the lead followed by service optimization for smart connected products. During the quarter, we closed expansions with a leading food, beverage and snack company, several global aerospace and defense OEMs, and a number of leading medical device companies. Even though these customers are generally still in the early days of their IoT journeys, adoption is gaining momentum as customers drive increasing value for their IoT initiatives and are relying on PTC to be there IoT partner. This momentum was on display at our LiveWorx event in May, which continues to set the standard for IoT events across the industry. More than 8,000 attendees from 44 countries were exposed to some incredible new innovations from PTC including a growing stable of industry specific solutions from both PTC and our IoT partner ecosystem, and plenty of tangible evidence that IoT is becoming a strategic lever for the industrial economy. At LiveWorx, we introduced ThingWorx 8, further solidifying PTC’s position as an IoT platform leader. Building on the success of ThingWorx Navigate, we introduced a new lineup of apps for manufacturing that are easy to deploy with a rapid ROI. We believe these apps provide PTC with yet another powerful set of solutions to address the significant industrial IoT opportunity for optimizing manufacturing operations. We also announced the ThingWorx Studio now supports native authoring and publishing of augmented reality experiences for the Microsoft HoloLens. Recall that ThingWorx Studio is our codeless authoring environment that enables content creators to quickly create, deploy and then consume interactive AR experiences. The HoloLens is currently the industries most powerful wearable device and studio can deliver amazing experiences on it, so we are very excited about this new development. ThingWorx Studio has been generating incredible customer interest overall as evidenced by our trial program, which now has over 3,000 enterprises test driving the technology with an accelerating pace of customers moving studio into production deployments. Our vibrant partner ecosystem is key to any platform strategy and the ThingWorx team delivered some key wins in Q3 including an agreement with Vodafone, who is building ThingWorx based solutions for Smart City applications. We closed a significant deal with another global communications company, CenturyLink that plans to leverage ThingWorx for their Smart City use cases as well. And finally on the partner front, we secured a multi-year agreement with Analog Devices, who plans to go-to-market with ThingWorx based solutions targeting a range of industrial and the agriculture use cases. To close on IoT, we recently received two Compass Intelligence IoT awards including IoT Company of the year. Our strong technology and market position receive further validation from a top tier industry analyst when IDC published their MarketScape report on IoT platforms, which placed PTC squarely in the leadership category and recognize PTC as the IoT market share leader. Turning now to our Solutions business. I’d like to preface my comments by reminding you that we had very strong solutions bookings performance in Q3 of 2016, which grew 30% year-over-year creating difficult compare as especially across our core business. And of course weakness in Japan this quarter pressured our solutions booking performance as well. That said, when we take a deeper dive into Q3 performance, we saw a positive momentum in several important areas of the core business that I wanted to highlight. In our CAD business, our resurgent reseller channel continues to benefit from our go-to-market initiatives, delivering 20% constant currency year-over-year bookings growth. From a geographic perspective, we saw a strong CAD bookings in the Americas and in Europe with bookings growth of 19% and 25% year-over-year respectively. And when we look at our CAD bookings globally on a year-to-date basis, we have outpaced market growth rates despite the Japan headwinds. In core PLM booking were up 5% sequentially from Q2 2017 driven primarily from strong performance in the Americas. Year-over-year PLM was down for the quarter as expected due to a tough compare against the mega deal last Q3. Year-to-date core PLM is in the mid single-digit range and based on our Q4 forecast we expect core PLM to grow at or slightly above the market growth rate. The PLM business continues to benefit from sales of ThingWorx Navigate, which we recall as our combined Windchill and ThingWorx offering that enables customers to deploy PLM technology to a broad set of end users across the enterprise. In Q3, we landed ThingWorx Navigate bookings across the variety of vertical markets including Automotive, Aerospace, Med Devices and High-Tech, which supports our view that this offering will resonate across thousands of enterprise Windchill customers, creating a significant long-term opportunity to drive continued PLM growth. Lastly in our Solutions business, we continue to see lumpiness and variability in SLM with SLM bookings down year-over-year. To close out on a growth front, given the very strong bookings performance for the first half of the year with our Q4 guidance and the broad strength across Americas, Europe and channel, we believe we remain on track to achieve our long range growth plan. Let me turn now to our second top level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is our transition to a subscription model. The Q3 2017 mix of subscription bookings was a little below our guidance due to our bookings performance highlighted earlier. We also had one large IoT deal that closed as a perpetual license. Subscription adoption continues to gain traction and based on our forecast, we expect the subscription mix to rebound in Q4 to 68%. With our plans to move to a subscription only model in the Americas and Western Europe beginning in Q2 of 2018 and with additional subscription programs coming on line each quarter, we remain confident in our long-term subscription mix and recurring software revenue targets. Let’s turn to our third top level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is to further increase our operating margins. In Q3, our operating margin was within our guidance range, with operating expenses down $1 million from last year. As we look across the balance of the year, our expectation still holds that fiscal year 2016 was the trough for full-year operating margins, with an improvement of 100 basis points to 200 basis points expected this year. Beyond fiscal 2017, we expect to deliver even more rapid margin expansion as the subscription model begins maturing and increasingly the revenue we've been deferring begins to contribute to each quarterly period. Andy will take you through the guidance details later in the call. To wrap up, PTC continues to make strong progress on our three levers to drive significant shareholder value, topline growth, our subscription transition, and our profit expansion. On the growth front, our strong technology position and broadening partner ecosystem puts us in a good position to capture our share of the exciting high growth IoT market. We have made significant improvements across the broader business over the past two years as exemplified by our year-to-date constant currency bookings growth in the Americas and Europe of 17% and 26% respectively and by our double-digit growth in worldwide channel. We believe we have the right team and plan in place to fix Japan and we expect that issue to be a temporary bump in the road. On the subscription front having exited the trough and seeing the revenue and earnings growth starting to fall into place as expected, it’s clear we are in the final stretch of our business model transition. And on the margin expansion front, financial discipline remains one of the cornerstones as we drive towards non-GAAP margins in the low-30s post transition. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Miller: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Please note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results. Bookings of $90 million were $5 million below the low end of guidance due to sales execution in Japan, where at the end of the quarter, the forecast dropped significantly. On a year-over-year basis, Q3 bookings decreased 13% constant currency. The decline is almost entirely due to performance in Japan, but also due to a tough compare against a very strong Q3 2016 when we delivered bookings growth greater than 30%. Year-to-date bookings are at 7% constant currency, despite Japan impacting year-to-date growth by almost 800 basis points. Subscription comprised 64% of bookings versus our guidance of 68%. The shortfall from our guidance is due to the bookings mix and due to one large IoT deal that closed as a perpetual license. The weighted average contract length remained approximately two years. Total deferred revenue billed plus unbilled increased year-over-year by $251 million or 38% to $909 million as of the end of Q3 2017. Billed deferred revenue was up $40 million or 9% year-over-year. Note that we believe total deferred revenue billed and unbilled combined is the most relevant metric as there is a seasonality to the timing of our recurring revenue billings throughout the year and due to the timing of our fiscal quarter ends. Subscription adoption trends were generally consistent with Q2 2017 with the exception of Japan. In our Solutions business, SLM and PLM led the way, with subscription mix in the 70% to 80% range, and our direct CAD business was in the high-70s. Our support conversion program continues to gain attraction. In the third quarter, 29 customers including both very large customers and about a half dozen mid-sized channel customers converted their support contracts to subscription, at an ACV uplift that was once again over 50% above the prior annual support amount. Additionally for those large enterprise customers who did not convert this quarter and signed new support contracts instead their ACV increased more than 20%, and I’ll remind you that we do not include this increased support ACV in our bookings results. We believe that the conversion opportunity within our customer base is substantial and will play out over many years as we introduce new incentive programs including a channel conversion program launched at the beginning of July and a new conversion program targeting our enterprise customer based that will launch at the beginning of FY 2018. Q4 has an especially large pipeline of these large enterprise conversion opportunities. One last point about conversions, we call that we include only the incremental ACV in our bookings results, not the full contract value of the new subscription contract. Turning to the income statement, total third quarter revenue of $292 million was at the high-end of our guidance range and up 2% year-over-year in constant currency, despite a year-over-year decline in professional services revenue of $7 million. Q3 was the second quarter of year-over-year revenue growth since launching our subscription program at the beginning of fiscal 2016, highlighting that we have exited the subscription trough. Software revenue was up 5% year-over-year constant currency, despite an increase in our subscription mix, including 133% growth in subscription revenue and 11% growth in total recurring software revenue. Approximately 87% of Q3 software revenue was recurring, up from 81% a year-ago. Operating expense in the third quarter of $174 million was down $1 million from last year and Q3 operating margin was within our guidance range of 15% to 16%. EPS at $0.28 was at the higher end of our guidance range. One note on currency in the quarter, we saw the dollar weak and against the euro, but we also saw currency movements in countries where we had a little revenue at significant OpEx such as India. Also recall that we hedge near-term results, locking in prior rates. As a result, currency ended up having an immaterial impact on our results in Q3 as well as on our year-over-year comparisons. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and investments of $311 million were up $19 million from Q2 2017, driven primarily by $78 million of adjusted free cash flow. During the quarter, we repurchased $35 million of stock. Now turning to guidance for Q4 and the full-year, but first as a reminder, we hedge foreign currency. So much of our Q4 FX exposure with hedge before the dollar weakened in Q3 and four are unhedged exposure, our guidance assumes approximately current rates. As we enter Q4, our pipeline is very strong. While we are not counting on immediate improvement in Japan, we feel very good overall about Q4. We expect bookings in the range of $120 million to $130 million and a subscription mix of 68% for the fourth quarter. We expect total revenue in the range of $303 million to $308 million, including $84 million to $86 million of subscription revenue, an increase of approximately 110% year-over-year. At the midpoint of our guidance, Q4 recurring software revenue is expected to grow 12%. Total software revenue is expected to grow 9% and ARR is expected to grow 12%. We expect our services margin to be 18% and we expect OpEx in the range of $173 million to $176 million down 4% at the midpoint from last year. This was a result in non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 18% to 19% and EPS of $0.33 to $0.38. For the full fiscal year 2017, our Q4 guidance results in a bookings range of $395 million to $405 million, which is a $10 million reduction at the midpoint, reflecting our Q3 bookings. Excluding the $20 million SLM booking we closed in Q4 2016 in constant currency this represents 4% to 6% growth. From a subscription perspective, our full-year guidance is now 67%, simply to reflect 64% mix in Q3. For fiscal 2017, we expect total revenue in the range of $1.163 billion to $1.168 billion, which at the midpoint represents 2% growth and is in line with our previous guidance despite Japan's Q3 booking shortfall. This includes subscription revenue growth of approximately 130% and total recurring software revenue growth of 10% at the midpoint. We expect our services margin will increase by about 150 basis points to 18% and we remain committed to a 20% services margin in fiscal 2018. Fiscal 2017 operating expenses are expected to be $680 million to $683 million flat year-over-year at the midpoint. We continue to expect our fiscal 2017 operating margin to be in a range of 16% to 17% representing a 100 basis point to 200 basis point improvement in operating margin over last year. We are assuming a tax rate of 8% for the full-year resulting in non-GAAP EPS of a $1.17 dollar to a $1.22 per share, which is an increase of $0.01 per share from our previous guidance at the midpoint. We continue to expect adjusted free cash flow between $158 million and $168 million. Adjusted free cash flow excludes about $40 million at fiscal 2016 restructuring payments and $3 million of legal payments for matters previously accrued in fiscal 2016. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we will begin the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Saket Kalia of Barclays. Line is now open.
James Heppelmann: Hello, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hi, guys. How are you?
James Heppelmann: Good.
Saket Kalia: Thanks for taking my questions here. First, maybe to start with you Andy. I think it was mentioned in the prepared remarks that the fourth quarter pipeline is strong and the bookings guidance is roughly consistent with what was implied last quarter. And so can you just talk about whether you assume some of those slip deals from the third quarter specifically in the Americas and Europe are going to close. I guess why the confidence maybe more broadly? Why the confidence in the fourth quarter bookings guide being roughly similar to before?
Andrew Miller: Yes. So the confidence is based on the size of the pipeline as well as our analysis of the stages of the deals in the pipeline. We are not counting on Japan returning fully in the fourth quarter. We also recognize that there we have a fixed sales capacity and there's only 91 days in every quarter. So we don't believe that the deals that moved from Q3 that we close in Q4 are going to be suddenly a blip that enabled us to recapture the Q3 miss and how that be incremental to Q4, only a certain number of days to sell. If you actually look in at our Q4 bookings as a percentage of our full-year represents about 31% of the year which is right in the range of history as well. So every way we surround it, it makes sense. And the only other thing I did mention we have a very strong pipeline also with conversion deals, which are converting people who frankly were previously on our volume purchase agreements and that is provide us a compelling event and that also we think is extremely helpful as we look at the forecast.
James Heppelmann: And Saket if I could just clarify one thing, the deals the slipped in the Europe and in the U.S., I referenced that in my commentary. It's not so much they slipped, but that we weren’t able to accelerate them to backfill the late developing situation in Japan. So I don't want to you think that they slipped more that we weren’t able to accelerate them to save the day quite frankly with the problem in Japan.
Saket Kalia: Understand. That’s helpful. Maybe my follow-up for you Jim. On your prepared remarks, you talked about that same long-term formula driving double-digit bookings growth. And so the question is, do you think that the hiccup in Japan could maybe impact that model as you look out the fiscal 2018?
James Heppelmann: No not really because, again it's not like we have problem in Japan and no leadership to go fix it. We simply need to reinstall the leadership profile. We have reinstalled the leadership profile that was exceptionally successful. If you go back, we really have had a pretty consistent successful business in Japan for seven years and that's when the current leader. Yes, well, he joined seven years ago. He did a fantastic job of guiding our Japan business for seven years. We basically promoted him. And then ended up with a backfill problem, so we told them take one for the team here we need to go back and fix it. So there's no person in the entire world more prepared to reinsert themselves in our Japan operation and get the machine running again than the guy who successfully built and operated the machine for seven years. So we have high degree of confidence, but it could take a little bit of time.
Andrew Miller: Saket, I also want to put the machine perspective as far as how it influences our long-term business model. We basically missed our ACV by just over $3 million, so it's $750,000; $800,000 a quarter is the revenue impact. Now what we don't disclose in bookings, I mentioned how – when someone doesn't, we’ve had in the DPAs, we’ve had about half of our customers deferred doing a conversion and instead sign up for higher support where we typically get 20% to 25% more from their support. We never record bookings for that, but it does increase our ACV. So for example, that’s something that mitigates the exposure that we have from this ACV miss. The fact that next quarters guidance is intact. The ACV we expected to be what we expected to be before. We basically have just over $3 million a year challenge that we have to fill and we've got plenty of ways to fill that.
Saket Kalia: Understood. That’s very helpful. Thanks guys.
James Heppelmann: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets. Line is now open.
James Heppelmann: Hello, Matt.
Matthew Hedberg: Hey guys. So I guess my first question is for Andy. It's kind of a two-part question. In the last quarter, you talked about the idea of using a carrot more so than a stick within the enterprise with the good, better, best program, I believe you called it in terms of conversion to subscription revenue. So I guess a two-part question would be can you give us a little bit more color on some of the new conversion plans that you mentioned? I think in the enterprise start of fiscal 2018, I think you mentioned the channel to sort of July. And then the second question, what would you have to see for the idea of more of a stick mentality? Is that something that's still maybe a ways off?
Andrew Miller: Yes. So let me first share the two programs. So in the channel program, which started July 2, I guess. Essentially there are four Creo extensions that are – that previously generated very little in revenue, but there’s things that customer’s desire. And so you can take three or four of those for an increase in your ACV year-over-year maintenance contract of 25%. Now the list price for those is much, much higher. So our joint pricing study showed about half our customers in the channel were interested in that. So that's an interesting program there. So it's a Phase III,I think is what that program is called. In the enterprise space, we have essentially a program that good, better, best. The better is pretty much like what we play – the play with the largest customers, you get a restack and remix and all these other benefits some enhanced support offers and e-learning. The 15% which we do not intend to introduce initially when we start this in the beginning of 2018, you would not get the restack, which is one of the biggest things people value. And at the 35% there was an interesting cohort of customers interested in that for essentially enhanced support capabilities and the e-learning capabilities that really don't cost us anything, so that's what those programs are the stick. The Autodesk carrot and stick, I think their situations are little different from ours. I believe it's because they have customers that may not be on maintenance and this carrot stick gets those customers to actually be a pain for the technology every single year. And our situation is little different from that, most our customers are already on maintenance. So we don't need the stick just to get them on to paying this every year. It's more giving them something they value that they're willing to pay more for. We’ll watch their program closely. I understand it's going well so far. We'll watch it closely and see if there are aspects as it that might make sense for us though.
Matthew Hedberg: Got it. Thanks. And maybe just – just one quick follow-up for Jim, I just want to make sure crystal-clear on Japan, I think you might correct and saying that you don't think there's anything macro related? You think this is all internal execution. I'm just getting a few emails on that. I just want to make sure is from sort of understand the macro aspect of Japan? I think you mentioned, PMI in Japan?
Andrew Miller: Yes, PMI is 52. Yes, we think this is an internal problem not a macro problem. Therefore a problem we can fix.
Matthew Hedberg: Great. Thanks guys.
James Heppelmann: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Steve Koenig of Wedbush Securities. Line is now open.
James Heppelmann: Hello, Steve.
Andrew Miller: Hi, Steve.
Steve Koenig: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I'd like to start with the Japan execution. Maybe could you guys drilldown one more level and talk a bit about understand that you had the personnel change and that you're changing the former leader back and can you talk about what sorts of issues the leader will address? I mean was that involvement in individual deals? Was that involvement in visibility, process changes, maybe just a little bit more color there?
James Heppelmann: I think you nailed the key points. I mean definitely his personal involvement in the larger deals and cultivating the customer relationships. I mean he had always done that. I think the backfill guy was not in there, so good at it. But I think also just the sale hygiene to make sure that we were expecting things and that things were progressing as they should - and the things are good sales manager does to our surprise, work really getting done.
Andrew Miller: To make sure deal every week is progressing toward the finish line. Right, so he is implementing methodology cosmetics that PTC I think I have sense they audited 20, 30 years ago. So that’s been already reimplemented and they're trained all the sales reps on that into the message, all the basic blocking and tackling an enterprise software.
James Heppelmann: And let me just give you a little bit more context again. In Q1 in Japan, we were very disappointed and started talking about is this a problem or was it just a one quarter blip in the transition to the new guy and so forth. Q2 was only a mild disappointment, a much better than Q1. But still not quite at planned, so but we were feeling like maybe this is getting better. And then Q3 was a disappointment of a larger scale than Q1 and Q2 put together and that's what we said, okay, it's got to be change right now. So we immediately implemented to change. The leader completely understands what he needs to do and why I need to do it and quite frankly he's going back to that and sort of sell me just reputation and rebuild kind of the excellent operation we had going there. So I think we're in good shape, but we're disappointed that this stock up on us should happen that way. It's on us. We own it. We're going to go fix it.
Steve Koenig: Okay.
Andrew Miller: It was actually the worst Q3 in the seven years, which is how far back we checked.
Steve Koenig: I'm sorry which is what Andy?
Andrew Miller: It was the worst Q3 as far back as we could find numbers quickly, which is seven years.
Steve Koenig: Okay, got it.
Andrew Miller: For Japan only.
Steve Koenig: I was going to ask if you can remember – I can't remember anything is about in his specific region that suddenly came to roost that that suddenly, so that's helpful. I did want to ask on IoT. Can you tell us a little bit more about on how things are going with your major partnerships in IoT? And how that translating through revenue and kind of what your outlook is for your sales mix you know working with those partners?
James Heppelmann: Yes, Andy, I think we're still at the place where about two-thirds of the IoT business is generated through the PTC channel without one-third through partners. Now we did land a couple of very big partners, Vodafone and CenturyLink are Analog Devices are very substantial companies who are placing very large bets on IoT and looking to ride our horses as they do so. So that's mostly looking forward, but I think we continued in the last quarter to see the sort of success we had previously seen. With lot of course to see partners take on even more without seeing the PTC channel give anything up that's our aspiration, but I think it's – I don't to say we're satisfied because I'm not sure we ever will be or should be satisfied but I think we're making progress. By the way all three had – it wasn’t just signing the agreement. They all bought this quarter.
Andrew Miller: Yes.
Steve Koenig: Got it. Okay, thanks a lot guys.
James Heppelmann: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Next question is from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Line is now open.
James Heppelmann: Hello, Sterling.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Thanks hi, guys. I want to ask the question this way because we're all getting hit with the same email questions. Take Japan out of it. If you look at your plan in Americas for booking and your plan for Europe, did those two regions meet or exceed plan or did either of those regions fall short as well?
Andrew Miller: I think the two of them together were over the plan, yes.
James Heppelmann: Yes. Here's some math on it. I mean we did $90 million in bookings against the guidance of $95 million to $105 million and Japan fell $11 million short. If Japan would have landed on plan, we would have been in $101 million, the upper half of the range. If Japan would have missed by a couple million, we would have been in the middle of the range. So we really feel like it's a concentrated problem in one area and it’s a problem that’s three quarters deep, we got to go solve it.
Andrew Miller: And the other thing critical to know, you've got year-to-date booking growth, 17% in the Americas, 26% in Europe, double-digit in the channels. I mean the business is strong broadly at this point with significant problems that we are dealing within Japan. Finally, the other thing we look at is, if you look at the volume transactions, the volume transaction is actually up from year-ago in high single-digits.
James Heppelmann: So we did 10% more transaction than we did a year-ago when we had substantially higher bookings, which is a good thing. It means that customers are not buying our software. It’s just a concentrated problem around larger deals in one geography.
Sterling Auty: Yes. So sorry to be nit-picky, but Andy you said Americas plus Europe just to drill that next layer…
Andrew Miller: I think one was up by a couple percent – I mean down by couple percent, the other one was up by more than that, it was smaller, but I mean it's close.
Sterling Auty: In terms of – yes, because Europe [in some of way] in terms of bookings, but…
Andrew Miller: Deal can move it either way in either [Geo], so this is software.
Sterling Auty: I understand that, but I'm getting specific questions around the Americans, it's clear based on the growth rates that Europe accelerate in the third quarter, so there's questions that I'm getting just wondering did Americas fall short and is there anything that we should read into that?
James Heppelmann: I mean Americas had a decent quarter, Europe had a better than decent quarter, and Japan had a terrible quarter, and China was kind of somewhere in the mix. So that's the story. Had Japan delivered is part of the plan; we would have been in the upper half of the guidance range.
Sterling Auty: That's clear. Last question, within Japan is there any particular focus whether as we get some CAD versus PLM or just across the board?
James Heppelmann: It’s across the board, but it wasn’t with the channel. So the channel performed well. It was the direct business across the board.
Andrew Miller: Yes. The channels are much smaller in Japan and the rest of the world.
Sterling Auty: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Andrew Miller: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Line is now open.
James Heppelmann: Hello, Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Good evening and thanks guys. I'll ask you the Japan question too. Let me ask it this way which is what is it about Japan that makes your business there so susceptible to know the country manager is. It's been a long time, but if I think back over the last couple of decades, we've seen this before, I mean longer before you were CEO Jim, but this has happened before as you probably recall. So what is it about the local market there where this really matters who's in place and that sets and we've seen also with some of your peers in Japan, so it's not only you. So that's a question number one and then a follow-up.
James Heppelmann: Okay. Well, Jay you and I have discussed Japan many times, but quite frankly not for a while, so if you go back PTC did – if you go back more than seven years, PTC was struggling on and off with Japan. The main problem we had is that we always relied on an expat partly because we never had a local Japanese leader with good enough English skills whom we trusted who trusted us, who could communicate effectively with us, so the easy answer was send an expat over there. Now Japanese culture and Japanese business culture is very different than anywhere else in the world and Japanese companies and executives only do business with people they deeply trust. They do not trust expats acts. They see them as temporary solutions and can't build a relationship with because in two years this person won’t be here anyway. So the guy we hired seven years ago was a Japanese national. We pushed him out of Oracle. At the time, he was the number two person from Oracle. He has a decent English skills. He quickly built a good strong relationship with the PTC management team here in Boston and quickly built good strong relationships with the customers in Japan and we’ve then had a period of pretty decent stable consistent growth in Japan at which point we more or less promoted the guy. And he wanted and we wanted to give him an international experience and so forth for career development reasons. And he backfilled with a person that we didn't know as well because we always have this great executive standing between us and this person and we collectively missed an understanding what was happening and didn't catch it until it had best, but now we’ve got it, again reverted back to the previously successful configuration and we think that's a winning recipe, proven recipe we should be able to fix it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. My follow-up for Andy, actually a two-part bookings question. Would it fair to say that to date the support conversion bookings, the way you counted has been not quite tenth of the total LMS bookings number. And then secondly, could you say what your PLM bookings momentum would look like if we were to strip out Navigate?
Andrew Miller: The first question is like-for-like because as we’ve mentioned, we got more than 50% more this quarter and actually the prior two quarters as well, about half of that is the like-for-like typically, so that 25% uplift is just the conversion and then they're buying more software at the same time which has taken it up to over 50% for the last three quarters. So if you just look at the like-for-like, it tends to be in the low to mid single-digits range as far as how many millions of bookings, so it would be probably closer to the 4% to 5%, but of course, we’re selling more software at the same time. I don’t have the PLM growth rate without Navigate. That’s the way I would look at it and I wouldn’t look at it that way because it’s all …
James Heppelmann: Yes. I mean the sales team spends their time selling Navigate mostly in the existing PLM accounts, but as new functionality that brings new users on board. So in a way this Navigate Solution isn't any different than any other capability we might come out within the new release that we would be able to sell under the base to expand the user count. So we could strip it out. What we've done Jay that we think is more appropriate as we allocate the bookings credit and the revenue half and half. We say that in fact it should be counted as PLM revenue to a degree and it should be counted as ThingWorx revenue to a degree. So we're very transparent in that we allocate 50/50 and that to us is the reasonable genuine way to report it to you.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
James Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Ken Wong of Citi. Line is now open.
James Heppelmann: Hello, Ken.
Kenneth Wong: Hey, guys. You guys characterized the Q4 pipe as a good conversion pipeline. And you guys typically kind of called in your pipeline as hey comes in as perpetual and well soon it goes out as perpetual. Can you maybe elaborate a little bit on the dynamics there that make you guys feel it's a better conversion pipeline?
Andrew Miller: It’s because of the – we have more customers and more dollars relative to volume purchase agreements that expire in this quarter than in prior quarters. So those are the ones where we have a stick.
James Heppelmann: Right. So again, to take you through this, let me just step back, volume purchase agreement means sometime in the past our customer purchased a large volume of software and negotiated a low maintenance run rate as a package. But that was for a period of time, generally three years sometimes one or two. So at the end of that period of time the maintenance discount expires and they should return to standard off-the-shelf rates. Now of course they don't want to do that. So in the past, we would try to get another perpetual booking from them, say buy more volume and we'll lock you again in that rate and if we really did. Now what we're saying is we don't want a perpetual transaction. We either want you to convert to subscription and then it will be more because there's you know an uplift plus typically we’ll upsell or you're going to have to renew your maintenance at a higher rate typically 25% more. So the key thing though as it forces them to make a decision in the quarter, so they're going to make some decision that's the so-called compelling event. There's going to be a contract signed here. It's only a question of what the contract says, not if there will be a contract because these are large companies that are not going to let maintenance expire. So if they choose to extend maintenance and pay more that actually is not a bad thing. It is not. And Andy said this and it's important to understand that additional maintenance they pay, we do not count as a booking. Now it does show up downstream in the revenue number, so it's a very good thing, but we don't count it as a booking. We only count it as a booking if they convert subscription and then only the incremental above and beyond the run rate that has been in place is considered to be a booking. So extending the maintenance is good, converting in a subscription is even better. The key thing is something's going to happen because I'm not going to let it expire. So the combination of having a good pipeline in general and then a fair number of these bigger deals in the pipeline having this compelling event attach to them tells us that we go lot to work with and some good things in our favor.
Kenneth Wong: Yes. And then if you think about that conversion opportunity with the end of life coming in calendar year 2018, I mean what's the early feedback and any pushback, any potential last chance buying from customers?
Andrew Miller: Again because most our customers are maintenance or on maintenance. It's hard to figure out who would go after that last perpetual buy because they already have access to the next version. The product is long that stay on maintenance. I'm sure there's something there we frankly don't know what it is. We do not believe. It is likely to be anything like what Autodesk for Adobe experience way back win, it simply because of the fact that our customers are maintenance. So it's not like there's a strong of a compelling event when we ended a lot of perpetual. If you look at it, our large deals at this quarter, every large deal except one with subscription, last quarter every large deal was subscription. I think the quarter before that every large deal was subscription. So our largest customers already buying this way and in Americas in the channel, 75% of the bookings this quarter were subscription. So we've made so much progress that we think that this is just a catalyst to kind of get those – our pay attention across the goal line frankly to have a subscription business model.
Kenneth Wong: Got it, right.
James Heppelmann: One little point I want to clarify there to Ken is we will still renew maintenance contracts. It's just the new orders will only take as subscription, so just not to allow anybody. If somebody has a maintenance contract, they renewed five times will allow them to renew at the six time and seven time and in eight time, but when they want to buy more, which how much time to buy the more in a subscription model.
Kenneth Wong: Got it. Got it. All right. Thanks a lot guys.
James Heppelmann: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Rob Oliver of Baird. Line is now open.
Rob Oliver: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just to follow-up on Ken’s line of questioning. Maybe just to touch on the ThingWorx deal that closed as a perpetual license deal, can you give us a little more color on that and then is any sense that maybe Jim you announced in the last quarter of the end of life for perpetual for solutions in IoT is maybe causing some people to think about perpetual license for IoT deals ahead of that deadline to just maybe a little more color on that deal? Thanks.
James Heppelmann: First, the color I gave you is we have done large IoT deals in the past that went perpetual. Usually it's the first bid deal with a customer and in the past every deal asset and it’s been subscription and that’s a fully what we expect in this particular case as well. So we will take an IoT deal to make sure we get the business. But at that point time, what it’s build into their solutions et cetera. We will do everything we can to make sure every bit of business after that goes subscription. Yes, if we would have stood our ground in only taken a subscription deal to be frank, which still be talking to a customer about it because they simply weren't prepared to move forward and we didn't see any reason to keep talking about it. So there's a second point I want to clarify a little bit, which is our subscription mix. If you look at the bookings we did on the perpetual side as compared to the guidance, we basically executed on the perpetual side just as we guided. The shortfall was really on the subscription side and that's because it's mostly larger direct deals that were framed up as subscription, so – in Japan.
Andrew Miller: If you actually look at our subscription mix across the world, our mix in APAC, which Japan is the biggest country there actually declined from last quarter and from the year-ago by double-digits and that was simply because the subscription business didn't close.
Rob Oliver: Got it. And are the customers – it sounds like it makes sense you guys are able to take that business and perpetual to get that business and assure your value. Our customers can be ready to make that decision on a subscription starting Jan 1?
James Heppelmann: Yes. The vast majority – I mean I'm sure – so long-term we laid out an 85% subscription mix because just like any subscription company, if you go to Adobe, they still sell perpetual licenses. So there will be one every once in awhile, we're not going to lose the business or delay a strong partnership win because we can't agree on the license side on the very first deal.
Rob Oliver: Got it. Thank you guys very much.
Andrew Miller: Yes. Thank you.
James Heppelmann: And the other thing I would say is that from the broader prospective, customers are used to buying subscription or cloud. It's not I think really even ask about. Will you sell this for me perpetual? That's not a common question nowadays because there aren’t many companies it sell perpetual licenses.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Ken Talanian of Evercore ISI. Line is now open.
Andrew Miller: Hi Ken.
Kenneth Talanian: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. First off is a point of clarification, you mentioned that some of those large deals in Europe and Americas that might have helped you offset the Japan weakness. I was curious if any of those actually closed since the quarter end and then where are you in closing those?
James Heppelmann: Again, I just wanted to be clear. It's not so much that those deal slipped is that we've tried to accelerate them because this problem in Japan was coming in as fast and hard and we didn't want to have this conversation with you. So we tried to accelerate them. The customers weren’t ready. We were unable to accelerate them. We expect to close the deals in Q4. We expect to have a strong July. I don't have a report yet actually as to what's closed in the quarter because it's early and we've been working on close in the last quarter. But we expect to have a strong July. We think we will have a strong July. I mean the sales team is committed to it because we want to get ahead of it this quarter and make sure that we don't get surprised again. So again, these are the deals where to get, to be frank when we get to this point, we're not competing with anybody. We're competing against the clock. Are we going to get the deal this quarter? Are we going to get it next quarter? That's what we're competing with and we've failed to accelerate something because where we thought the customer might be ready, they weren’t. Now the reason we bring that up is because actually in Q1 and Q2 we did have some success covering up for problems in Japan with over performance in the U.S. and Europe, so we went back to that recipe, but we were unable to pull it off.
Kenneth Talanian: Okay. And you maintained your free cash flow guidance for the year and there is a nice uptick in deferred revenue. I was just wondering if you could help frame essentially the tailwind for free cash flow through the end of the…?
Andrew Miller: Yes. So Ken, I'm going to take you back. We only missed the ACV by just over $3 million. That’s the amount of impact on free cash flow in the fourth quarter, but mitigating that to a good extent is the fact that these conversions that went support instead of subscription we got more than 20% more on those. So it takes it down to like an impact of $1 million to $2 million on Q4 free cash flow. So we didn't need to change our guidance for the fourth quarter. And we had a great strong free cash flow in Q3, $77 million adjusted free cash flow.
Kenneth Talanian: Right. You seem to be about 70% or so there already with…?
Andrew Miller: Yes. We have to do free cash flow of $35 million. I think I have it here. Adjusted free cash flow in the mid-30s in the fourth quarter and we've been all over that forecast.
Kenneth Talanian: Okay, great.
Andrew Miller: Why don’t we go to the next question?
James Heppelmann: Christine. We have time for just one more question. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Last question is from Monika Garg of Pacific Crest. Line is now open.
Andrew Miller: Hi, Monika.
Monika Garg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First, your fiscal 2021 targets, you’ve talked about 10% bookings CAGR given what we saw in the quarter, do you see any risk in your bookings built on it?
Andrew Miller: Well, Monika, first just to put where we are in perspective, year-to-date we've got 7% constant currency bookings growth and that's been negatively impacted by Japan. We’re down $20 million in the first three quarters Japan this year versus last year. In Japan, we're just flat. We have grown our bookings 15% year-to-date. So that’s the impact of having the performance we've had in Japan. It’s 800 basis points of growth. So we’ve still feel confidence in that 10% bookings growth that’s part of our long-term model. And if we actually look at what we modeled to end, recurring revenue and ARR and bookings for this year for that long range plan given out November and where we expect to end the year now, it’s pretty much right on. That's why we feel good about the long range plan.
Monika Garg: Got it. So is it fair to think that after the Japan issue is fixed [indiscernible] back to this 10% bookings growth?
Andrew Miller: Yes. We would expect that.
James Heppelmann: Yes, absolutely.
Monika Garg: Okay. Thanks. That’s all. End of Q&A
James Heppelmann: Okay. I think that concludes our questions. Thank you, Monica. So obviously there's a lot of discussion here about Japan and deservedly so, because we have a problem we have to go fix. We do think it's a very fixable problem. We don't have to find some savior from the outside and we just have to reinstall the proven savior we have and we think we're going to fix this problem. If we fix this problem then we're right back where we were kind of in the first half of the year. We feel good about things and feeling good about our long-term long range plans and our shareholder value creation models and so forth. So we think that this new leader is going to give us this trust that we need with the customers and give us the sales execution and discipline that we need with the sales team and we're going to get right back to business. So I’d like to thank you all for joining us on the call and spending your time with us this afternoon. We're proud of what we've accomplished on our journey. We're proud of the shareholder value we've created. We think the Q3 shows we're continuing to gain ground on key elements of our strategy, but we have to go fix this problem in Japan. So we think we're going to do that and we're going to get back to talking about growth, subscription, and profitability expansion that have been working for us. We hope to see you sometime in the next 90 days, perhaps at an investor event and if not, we look forward to talking to you again in 90 days on the call. So thank you very much and Christine that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-04-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Miller - CFO and EVP James Heppelmann - CEO, President, Director and Member of National First Executive Advisory Board Tim Fox - VP & IR
Analysts: Saket Kalia - Barclays Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Steven Koenig - Wedbush Securities Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Kenneth Richard Talanian - Evercore ISI Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the PTC 2017 Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Good afternoon. Thank you, Christine, and welcome to PTC's 2017 second quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Cohen, Chief Strategy Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast, and a replay of the call will be available later today on our Investor Relations website. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements, including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call, are valid only as of today's date, April 19, 2017, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our Investor website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's CEO, Jim Heppelmann.
James Heppelmann: Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our Q2 results represent another strong quarter for PTC, continuing the momentum we built over the past 5 quarters. In Q2, we once again executed very well across our key strategic and operational objectives. Bookings of $95 million were $5 million above the high end of our guidance range, with strong IoT results paired with solid execution in our solutions business. On the subscription front, the 71% subscription mix for Q2 was well above our guidance of 60%. We will provide additional details on our subscription transition throughout the call, but at this point, we feel our program has gained so much market traction that it was time to take the next step. So we announced today our plan to transition to a subscription-only model in the Americas and Western Europe beginning on January 1, 2018. This decision represents an important milestone as the effect of this change will be PTC driving toward 100% subscription mix in these geographies that represent about 70% of our business. Once again, the strong subscription mix had the effect of dampening our reported revenue results in the quarter. Nonetheless, before adjusting for the difference in mix relative to guidance, our Q2 revenue, operating margin and EPS were all within our guidance ranges. Had our subscription mix been the 60% that we guided to, our revenue margins and EPS would each have been well above the high end of their respective guidance ranges. And lastly, the benefits of our recurring revenue model transition were on full display in the quarter, with our billed or on-balance sheet deferred revenue growing by $117 million sequentially. With the key metrics so strong across the board, to use a baseball analogy, I'd say that PTC hit the ball out of the park in Q2. To summarize my color commentary regarding how our business is performing, I will again frame my discussion around the 3 key initiatives that we focus on to maximize long-term shareholder value. As a reminder, they are, first, to increase our top line growth; second, to convert to a subscription business model; and third, to continue our margin expansion. Let me start by discussing progress against our growth ambition. As we outlined doing our financial outlook webcast last November, our goal is to achieve sustainable double-digit growth by having our core business return to mid-single-digit growth consistent with the more mature CAD and PLM market, while having our IoT business grow in the 30% to 40% range consistent with the faster growing IoT market. That combination would create low double-digit overall growth for PTC. So against that goal, Q2 was another solid quarter with year-over-year total bookings growth of 11% despite a tough compare against the strong Q2 overperformance last year, and it reflects solid execution in both parts of the business. In IoT, we had another strong quarter with bookings once again growing faster than the market, which we believe is growing at the 30% to 40% rate. Expansions accounted for over half our bookings, and the number of 6-figure deals grew by more than 60% year-over-year, primarily driven by these expansions. New bookings came from a variety of vertical markets and use cases, with the manufacturing operations optimization use case taking the lead, followed by service optimization for smart connected products. During the quarter, we closed expansions with a large Japanese automotive OEM, a global electronics OEM and a number of leading medical device companies. Even though these customers are generally still in the early days of their IoT journeys, they're clearly deriving value from their IoT initiatives and they're relying on PTC to be their IoT partner. There's been a lot of buzz about augmented reality generated recently by Facebook and Snapchat. That technology is fun for consumers, but it'll be transformational for enterprises. You may not have thought of it this way yet, but if IoT brings data from the physical world into the digital world where it can be analyzed and understood, then augmented reality takes the resulting information from the digital world and overlays it back on the physical world to put it in context. Because AR is not very interesting without a source of real-time digital content about the physical world, IoT and AR make a great combination together. As I've highlighted over the past few quarters, we're really excited about the new ThingWorx Studio offering, which allows authors to use drag-and-drop techniques to create dynamic AR experiences driven by live IoT content. This closed loop happens in real time so that by simply looking at a connected product through a smart device, you see everything you need to know about it. Essentially, we can put a heads-up display on anything using your phone, tablet or HoloLens or other smart glasses. With the addition of studio into ThingWorx, you can think of ThingWorx as being in IoT system with an AR front end or you can think of ThingWorx as an AR system with a dynamic IoT content pipeline. Enterprise customers are absolutely captivated by this powerful combination of integrated technologies. You can see it in their facial expressions during the demo, and only PTC has anything like this. The growing buzz from Facebook and Snapchat and Microsoft is great because it keeps driving interest up as enterprises ask us how to use this technology in their business. And as they come to understand that AR is impractical for enterprise use cases without IoT, they end up talking only to PTC. Drafting behind the momentum created by our pilot program, which attracted nearly 2,000 enterprises so far in just 8 months, late in Q1, we launched the commercial version of Studio. This tool democratizes AR for the enterprise and we already have several million dollars of bookings for this new product under our belt as early pilot customers have transitioned into production. We look forward to sharing additional metrics around Studio in the coming quarters. Switching to the IoT partner front. In the quarter, we announced an initiative with McKinsey to create a global network of Industrie 4.0 Digital Capability Centers. This is important because McKinsey has become the thought leader regarding the power of IoT to transform industries. Using solutions from PTC, the Digital Capability Centers are designed to support companies at every stage of their digital transformation journey, incorporating a live production environment, digital showcases with demonstrations of Industrie 4.0 technologies as well as workshops to promote skills training and awareness of Industrie 4.0. The first center opened to visitors in Aachen, Germany on March 30, with plans for openings in Singapore, Beijing, Chicago and Venice to follow. In addition to McKinsey, PTC is partnering with a variety of other leading companies across the technology landscape on Industrie 4.0 initiatives, including Deloitte, HP Enterprise, National Instruments and OSIsoft. To sum up on the IoT front, we believe that the clear leadership and market momentum we've established were again validated by our strong Q2 performance, and we look forward to providing further insight into our IoT business at LiveWorx in May. Stay tuned for more details regarding LiveWorx at the end of the call. Turning now to the performance of our solutions business, improved operational execution again drove solid Q2 results. CAD led the way with double-digit bookings growth driven by strength in our reseller channel, where go-to-market initiatives launched in fiscal 2016 continue to bear fruit. In the channel, our Get Active campaign showed strong results. This program gives customers who are not on support one last chance to become active by moving on to subscription. We also recently launched a new channel conversion program to convert existing CAD channel support customers to subscription. There's a lot of exciting activity going on in our CAD business, and we look for continued positive results from this business moving forward. The core PLM business performed well again this quarter, with bookings in line with market growth rates. Once again, PLM benefited from a strong quarter for Navigate sales. Navigate, you'll remember, is a combination of Windchill and ThingWorx technologies. A great example of Navigate's growing traction in the market is the Q2 deal we signed with BAE Systems Australia, a long-time strategic Windchill customer, where the key value driver was the ability to create easy-to-use Navigate apps for a broad set of end users to enable access to information from multiple enterprise systems. We believe this value driver will continue to resonate across thousands of enterprise Windchill deployments in our customer base, creating a significant long-term opportunity to drive continued PLM growth. Lastly, in our solutions business, we saw some variability again in SLM as we've seen in the past, with SLM bookings down year-over-year primarily due to the lumpiness and timing of large deals. Let me summarize our progress relative to bookings growth. With a strong technology advantage in an exciting high-growth market, our IoT growth plans are on track. With continued improvements in focus and execution as well as leverage of our new technologies, we're seeing continued improvements in our core solutions business. Building on the strength shown throughout fiscal 2016 and the first quarter of 2017, Q2 was the fifth consecutive quarter where we've exceeded our bookings growth targets. We'd love to keep that going, but naturally our guidance takes a more cautious approach. Let me turn now to our second top-level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is our transition to a subscription model. The Q2 '17 mix of subscription bookings was once again well ahead of our guidance. We saw strong adoption in every segment, in every region, and in both our direct and indirect channels. We're raising our full year subscription mix guidance to 68% from 65%. And with adoption in the Americas and Western Europe consistently in the mid- to high 70s, we've decided to pivot to a subscription-only model in these regions by January 1, 2018. I'll leave it to Andy to elaborate on how our subscription program is further evolving later in the call, but suffice it to say that I believe the finish line for our transition is now coming into view. Let's turn in to our third top-level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is to further increase our operating margins. In Q2, our operating expenses were within our guidance range. And despite subscription mix coming in well above guidance, we nonetheless delivered operating margin within our guidance range, a testament to the consistent operational discipline you've come to expect from PTC over the last 7 years. As we look across the balance of the year, our expectation still holds that fiscal year '16 was the trough for full year operating margins, with an improvement of 100 to 200 basis points expected in fiscal '17 and even more rapid margin expansion as the subscription model begins maturing. And increasingly, the revenue we've been deferring begins to contribute to each quarterly period. Andy will take you through the guidance details later in the call. Before I conclude, let me address the global macroeconomic backdrop. Recent PMI data has pointed to some modest improvements in sentiment in North America and Europe. In our view, it is too early for us to say that this translated into a change in buying behavior within our customer base. As of now, we believe that our recent performance has been primarily driven by improved execution. Given the unpredictable nature of the current geopolitical environment, until we see signs of improving sentiment leading to a shift in customer buying behavior and budgets, our guidance continues to assume a somewhat mixed macro. To wrap up, PTC continues to focus on a program that has 3 levers to drive significant shareholder value, top line growth, the subscription transition and profit expansion. On the growth front, our momentum and market position in IoT highlight the tremendous opportunity in front of us, and we're encouraged by another quarter of solid execution in our core solutions business. On the subscription front, following exceptional performance in fiscal 2016, the first half of fiscal 2017 has been another strong step towards transforming our business model. On the margin expansion front, financial discipline remains one of our cornerstones as we drive toward non-GAAP margins in the low 30s post transition. All things considered, Q2 was another solid quarter of progress in PTC's transformation. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Miller: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Please note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results unless otherwise specified. Bookings of $95 million were $5 million above the high end of guidance. On a year-over-year basis, Q2 bookings increased 11%. For the first half of fiscal '17, bookings were up 20% year-over-year at constant currency and 16% year-over-year constant currency organically. Strong execution drove the overperformance, but the timing of deal closures may also have benefited Q2 by a modest low single-digit million-dollar amount. Subscription comprised 71% of total bookings versus our guidance of 60%, and subscription ACV in the quarter was $34 million, well ahead of our guidance of $24 million to $27 million. The weighted average contract length remained approximately 2 years. Once again this quarter, the strong subscription results contributed to a significant increase in our total deferred revenue, billed plus unbilled, which increased year-over-year by $223 million, or 34%, to $881 million as of end of fiscal Q2 '17. In addition, as outlined in our Q1 call, the timing of support billings, along with subscription renewal and strong new subscription billings in Q2, led to a $117 million or 31% sequential increase in billed deferred revenue. Note that we believe total deferred revenue, billed and unbilled combined, is the most relevant metric as there is seasonality to the timing of our recurring revenue billings throughout the year and to the timing of our fiscal quarter ends. Subscription adoption trends were consistent with Q1 '17, where we saw strong performance in every segment, every geography and in both our direct and indirect channels. IoT had another strong quarter, with subscription mix of 73% despite Kepware being virtually all perpetual at this time. Essentially, all of the ThingWorx bookings were subscription this quarter. In our solutions business, SLM and PLM led the way, with subscription mix in the high 70% to low 80% range, and CAD improved to the low 60% range due in part to continued progress in our channel. In our direct business, subscription mix was 79%. And in the channel, subscription mix increased 1,200 basis points sequentially to 55% led by the Americas and Europe, where over 2/3 of the channel bookings were subscription. Regionally, the Americas, Europe and Japan far outpaced the PacRim where adoption trends continue to lag the other geos. Q2 '17 subscription mix benefited from our support conversion program, and the incremental ACV from conversions drove a portion of our bookings overperformance. In the quarter, 35 customers, including some very large customers and about a half dozen larger channel customers converted their support contracts to subscription, at an ACV uplift that was once again over 50% above the prior annual support amount. We believe that the conversion opportunity within our customer base is substantial and will play out over many years as we introduce new incentive programs to both our direct and channel customers. However, you should expect quarterly variability as this program continues to ramp and mature. For conversions, I'll also remind you that, one, we only include the incremental ACV in our bookings results, not the full contract value of the new subscription contract; and two, our current long-term business model does not include any assumption that our large support revenue base transitions to subscription. So this represents upside to that model. Turning to the income statement. Total second quarter revenue of $281 million was up $7 million year-over-year, the first year-over-year revenue growth in 9 quarters, highlighting that we had exited the subscription trough. Compared to our guidance, we estimate that adjusting for the higher mix of subscription, our total revenue would have been approximately $291 million, which would've been above the high end of our guidance of $285 million. On a reported basis, software revenue was up 5% year-over-year. Adjusting for the higher subscription mix, we estimate software revenue would've been - would've increased 6% year-over-year. Approximately 88% of Q2 software revenue was recurring, up from 82% a year ago. Operating expense in the first quarter of $163 million was at the midpoint of our guidance range. Q2 operating margin of 16% was within our guidance range of 16% to 17% despite the higher mix of subscriptions due to strong bookings performance and cost discipline, and represented an increase of 200 basis points year-over-year. We estimate that adjusting for the higher mix compared to our guidance, operating margin would have been 19%, well above the high end of our range. EPS of $0.30 was at the higher end of guidance. We would have beaten our high-end guidance by $0.07 at our guidance mix. Moving to the balance sheet. Cash and investments were up $68 million from Q1 '17, and total debt declined $20 million driven primarily by cash flow from operations. Now turning to guidance for fiscal '17. Let me remind you of some of the general considerations we've factored in. First, we attribute our strong bookings performance primarily to improved execution, and our guidance assumes the global macro environment will remain somewhat mixed. Also, the timing of deal closures may have benefited Q2 modestly by a low single-digit million-dollar amount, negatively impacting Q3 by the same amount. Second, while subscription results have been very strong in recent quarters, it remains challenging to forecast the exact pace of our transition and the resulting impact to near-term reported financial results. Third, our FX assumption in our guidance approximate current spot rates. FX changes since that in the quarter ago, in total, have been relatively minor and as such do not significantly impact our full year guidance. With this in mind, for the full year fiscal '17, we are maintaining our bookings guidance range of $400 million to $420 million. Excluding the $20 million SLM booking we closed in Q4 '16, in constant currency, this represents 7% to 12% growth, ahead of our long-term visit model presented last November. Also, recall that we just raised constant currency bookings guidance by $12 million last quarter. From a subscription perspective, we are raising our fiscal '17 mix from 65% to 68%. As Jim mentioned earlier on the call, we announced plans today to move to a subscription- only licensing model for our core solutions and ThingWorx platform in the Americas and Western Europe on January 1, 2018. We will continue to assess market condition and our license offerings in other regions and for Kepware, which is virtually all perpetual at this time. For fiscal '17, we expect total revenue in the range of $1.162 billion to $1.172 billion, which at the midpoint represents 3% growth in constant currency. This includes subscription revenue growth of approximately 130% and total recurring software revenue growth of 12% constant currency at the midpoint. We expect to increase our services margin by about 150 basis points to 18% and remain committed to a 20% services margin by fiscal 2018. Fiscal 2017 operating expenses are now expected to be $673 million to $683 million, a small $3 million increase from our previous guidance to account for FX, primarily in India and Israel, but remain flat year-over-year at the midpoint of guidance. With the increase in our subscription mix guidance to 68%, we are trimming our fiscal 2017 operating margin guidance by 100 basis points to a range of 16% to 17%. This represents a 100 to 200 basis point improvement in operating margin over last year, reflecting our progress on our subscription transition. On a mix-adjusted basis, we are targeting an operating margin improvement of about 100 basis points to about 28%. We are assuming a tax rate of 8% to 10% for the full year, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $1.13 to $1.23 per share based upon about 117 million shares outstanding. Reflecting the higher guidance subscription mix, this is a decrease of $0.07 from our previous guidance at the midpoint. With the 300 basis point increase in our subscription mix guidance for the year, we are reducing our adjusted free cash flow guidance by $12 million. We now expect adjusted free cash flow between $158 million and $168 million. Adjusted free cash flow excludes about $40 million of fiscal '16 restructuring payments and a $3 million - and $3 million of legal payments for matters previously accrued in fiscal '16. For the third quarter, we expect bookings in the range of $95 million to $105 million, which represents growth of between minus 8% and 1% on a constant currency basis. I will remind you that we had very strong bookings in Q3 '16, where we exceeded the high end of guidance by $5 million and delivered 31% constant currency growth, with very strong IoT performance, creating a tough comparison for Q3 '17. Also, Q2 '17 may have benefited modestly by the time you have deal closures, which otherwise we would've expected in Q3. We expect a 68% subscription mix, with subscription ACV of $32 million to $36 million. We expect total revenue in the range of $288 million to $293 million for Q3, including $75 million of subscription revenue, an increase of approximately 130% year-over-year. We expect OpEx in the range of $168 million to $173 million, and an operating margin of approximately 15% to 16%. We are assuming a tax rate of 8% to 10%, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $0.24 to $0.29 per share based upon approximately 117 million shares outstanding. Before we move to Q&A, I want to update you on our stock repurchase plans. Because we believe that we have exited the subscription trough and based upon our cash forecast, we intend to resume stock buybacks later this quarter at 40% of free cash flow. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Steve Koenig of Wedbush.
Steven Koenig: Great. Let's see, let me just start with a kind of green-eyed safe type question for Andy here. The free cash flow guide looks like it was reduced. I look at it relative to the prior guide, it looks like the reduction, at least on a percentage basis, is somewhat bigger than the reduction in your net income guidance or your operating margin guidance. Am I looking at that the right way? Is there - I mean, I'm just wondering why would the free cash flow be going down a little faster than net income?
Andrew Miller: Yes. So the - fundamentally, it's because of the, frankly, movements in prepaids and deferreds. But the bottom line is the way to get to that free cash flow reduction, our rule of thumb is every point of subscription mix reduces revenue by $4 million. And every point of more subscription mix, we raised it 300 basis points, that's the $12 million. You really have to go into - because of our timing, Q4 was - you know what I mean, but that's the fundamental reason.
Steven Koenig: Okay, sounds good. Let me move to one for Jim here. Jim, you spoke about Studio and painted an interesting vision of the opportunity for manufacturers using AR in conjunction with IoT. I'm wondering, your guide obviously doesn't get that precise long term in terms of what products are in the guide. But I'm wondering, to what extent could that represent upside? And how do you think of the magnitude of the ultimate market opportunity?
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, it's a good question, Steve. I think on one hand, there's a classic definition of IoT that does not include augmented reality. On the other hand, there's a definition of augmented reality that, in most people's minds, doesn't include IoT. Personally, in the enterprise business, I think they belong together. I think that, generally speaking, most forecast for the AR market have even higher growth rates than the IoT market. So if nothing else, this should accelerate either the market or our opportunity relative to the market. I think there's a huge amount of interest. Now I think this is a much earlier market, AR is not quite as far along as IoT. And in particular, one thing that would break the dam open would be better wearable smart glasses. The HoloLens from Microsoft are a huge step forward, but I could think of a couple ways to improve them further. It's rumored, and Mr. Zuckerberg's fueled that rumor a little bit more yesterday, that there are much better glasses coming. And so for me, we want to be ready because we think that the glasses are uninteresting without content to show in them. And getting the content ready and the engine to feed content in the glasses is its own project. And we want to make sure that by the time the glasses are ready, that we have an unbelievable engine to feed content into them. So that's why we're pushing on it so hard. And the day that you find a pair of glasses that looks like the ones Zuckerberg was showing yesterday, I'm going to be pretty excited. But I think, if nothing else, this is just an - it's a tailwind to say as this IoT business gets bigger and bigger, are we confident PTC can sustain our growth rate, and this is something that ought to be helping us.
Operator: Our next question is from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: So the CAD growth has been really consistent over the last several quarters. Where do you - where would you say that demand is coming from? Is it going upmarket, down-market? Any particular industries in particular?
James Heppelmann: First, let me confirm, it has been double-digit growth for 5 consecutive quarters, which is nice. And Andy maybe has a little bit more factual detail, but to me it's down-market. Our channel is doing exceptionally well.
Andrew Miller: Yes.
James Heppelmann: And that's a combination of, I suppose on one hand, product improvements. But more importantly, many go-to-market and operational improvements that have been implemented in the past couple of years that are starting to work really well.
Andrew Miller: Yes. To add to that, we brought a new channel leadership about 3 years ago from, frankly, our competitor. And they have been maturing the channel every single year, as well as working with the channel to add more sales headcount. And so that's a big driver. At the same time, we've refocused - you'll recall that we've increased the segmentation of our sales force going after our enterprise customers to make sure we had people who were CAD sellers that were - appropriate number of them to go after the opportunity there. And that, I'd say, is the other effort that has driven results. It's very much, I think, an execution on the go-to-market side at this point.
Sterling Auty: Excellent. And then one follow-up question on the IoT space. You're talking about expansion deals for the last couple of quarters. Is there a sense of the pace of how frequently customers are coming back to buy? And how penetrated is your biggest customer at this point?
James Heppelmann: Well, I think - I'm not sure if the pace itself has picked up, but it's just that with every quarter, we have more seeds planted. And so what's happening is if all the seeds are maturing at the same speed, the portfolio of projects that we started through freemium and other techniques through our land and expand model is growing bigger and bigger. So I think it's more that there are more projects. And if the hit rate is the same but against the larger portfolio of projects, we're going to have more growth. Now what I will say in terms of how penetrated our largest customers, there's only 1 or 2 that are penetrated to any appreciable degree. So I mean, there's a couple of - we had a very large deal, I think, it was last quarter, so that one's a little bit more penetrated. But in general, penetration rates are exceptionally low.
Andrew Miller: Yes. Even for our largest customers, I would say they're early in their IoT journeys if you think of where they want to be in 5 years' time.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg: Wondering if I can get a little bit more color on the end of life of license. I guess I'm wondering, how should we think about additional incentives to drive existing license, customer conversions, subscription contracts? I guess, I'm wondering in the top 500, but also in the next 1,000 customers. And should we expect to see a run-on license purchases the closer you get to that deadline? Or is it still too early to tell?
Andrew Miller: So let me address those. Because we have - Jim talked about the fact that we're introducing new conversion programs. So as we've been mentioning over the last couple of months, we were doing conjoint market and pricing analysis to identify, frankly, how could we provide something in our subscription offer that was of value to customers. And we did that both separately for the channel and our enterprise customers, very much focused actually on CAD for the channel. And those studies came back that there is a substantial opportunity for both. So in the channel program, what we found was that there were basically 4 modules that we don't sell very much of that customers would be willing to convert to subscription and pay a premium over what they've been paying for maintenance if they had the option to get the 3 of 4 of those. So you can see a program, there's - we're not introducing a stick program for the channel, it's all carrot. You can see a program where you get the benefits of subscription, the flexibility, things like that. You get - and you get these technical capabilities, these modules that they didn't have before, and you can pick any 3 of 4. And for that, the studies shows we should get 15% to 25% more. And that, frankly, more than half our channel customers would be interested in that over time. In the enterprise space where we don't have a stick, we also did some pretty sophisticated pricing studies. And what we found was that customers actually want a conversion program that's a good, better, best program. And in the good program, they'd be willing to pay 15% more than their maintenance. They don't get restacked, so that will be perfect if you have the perfect configuration of software today. But you get the other flexibility benefits, you get remix and things like that. In the better program at a 25% premium, you get improved customizable e-learning, you get a higher level of support - advanced support, I think, we call it, and you get restacked, and that's worth 25% more for them like-for-like. And then there's a 35% best program, where you frankly get an even higher level of support and higher level of e-learning and a few other things. So you'll see us introduce a good, better, best conversion program in our core enterprise customers where we don't have a stick. One thing I will share though in that one, just under half were interested today in a conversion. There are still customers who are afraid that if they give up their perpetual license, then they're going to give something up. Now I think that'll change over time, but that's where it stands today based upon our market studies.
James Heppelmann: Can you get the second question about whether we are going to see a perpetual buy when—
Andrew Miller: Yes. We know that others have seen a perpetual buy right at the end. So we could see one, which of course would mean, in that quarter, it could mean our subscription mix is a little bit less. But frankly, that's fine.
Matthew Hedberg: Got it. And then maybe just one quick one. Deferred revenue, I believe, you'd said it increased by $117 million, and that's what we see on the balance sheet. But on the cash flow statement, it looked like it was up $39 million sequentially. I'm wondering, am I reading that right? Or why the discrepancy between cash flow and balance sheet?
Andrew Miller: So actually, there's technical rules. Number one, there's technical rules about how you do a cash flow statement that if things don't always hug the balance sheet. But the other reason there is we disclosed this in our Qs that back in the - I think it was the '90s, the company thought they would have a DSO metric that was reasonable. DSOs, you take your daily revenue, you take your revenue divided by the number of days and that's your denominator, and your numerator is your AR. But because there were so much deferred revenue that wasn't - that was still AR, it will make AR look like it was a ridiculous number. So to get it apples-to-apples, what they did was they take that deferred revenue amount and they move it out of AR into other assets. And so frankly the bottom line is, is it's really - what you see in the cash flow statement is the cash impact in deferred revenue in the quarter. There's a big piece of it that isn't collected yet, you know what I mean? It's still sitting in receivables. In this case, it's sitting in other current assets. The other option we could've done back 20 years ago was we could have actually added the deferred revenue to the revenue and divided it by 91 days in a quarter to get a daily basis and compare that to receivables. So it was all meant to get an apples-to-apples comparison. You get the same DSO number pretty much no matter how you do it. But anyway, we can take it offline, but it's a complicated thing the company has been doing for 20 days - 20 years.
James Heppelmann: Yes. And Matt, I want to thank you for asking Andy that question and not me.
Operator: Next question is from Ken Wong of Citi.
Kenneth Wong: So building a bit on that question on the end of perpetual. So you mentioned maybe some pull forward on just perp licenses next year at the beginning. But I guess, how should we think about that 85% target for the year? Is that - do you feel that, that has kind of upward bias or downward bias because of this new program?
Andrew Miller: Yes, I'm going to plant on giving you anything, that's our current targets that we laid out in November. We haven't done our business planning for next year. We're doing - Kepware is the one area where we've not gotten subscription traction. And so given the fact that despite our attempts, people still buy all perpetual for the most part, we're actually recently commissioned some more studies around subscription with Kepware, half of we bundle, half of we price. And until we really understand Kepware, that's 5%, 6% of our bookings so that's one piece there.
James Heppelmann: Could I add, Ken, that January 1, of course, is the end of the fiscal first quarter of the next year. So to the extent it was a pre-buy, it would probably more likely to happen in Q1 of '18 than Q4 of '17.
Andrew Miller: Yes, than in Q4, and figuring how that might impact as well. So at this point, you should assume 85%, clearly with an upward bias over time over the long term, very gradually like asymptotically approaching a higher number. The thing I'll highlight, this quarter again, 88% of our software revenue was recurring in the quarter we just had.
Kenneth Wong: Got it. And then a question on just the total deferred. So I think we have a good history of what billed deferred trend is like in Q3, kind of give or take decline of mid-single digits. When we think about total deferred, should it map to what we've seen historically on the billed deferred? Or is that - has that...
Andrew Miller: We expect it to grow in the double digits year-over-year every quarter moving forward.
Kenneth Wong: Got it.
James Heppelmann: That's a good answer.
Operator: And our next question is from Ken Talanian of Evercore ISI.
Kenneth Richard Talanian: So I just wanted to touch on guidance. You've held your license and subscription bookings guidance for fiscal '17 constant essentially since 4Q '16 despite the beats in the first half of that year. And then as you look out to the second half, high end of your guidance for 3Q is flattish year-over-year. I understand it's a tough comp, and then I understand that 4Q should also be down based on the large deal. But was just curious, what are the key reasons you might exceed your guidance? And how do you view your second half pipeline versus what you're seeing in the first half of this year when you guided in 4Q?
Andrew Miller: Yes. So first, let me address something that - in your question that you might have missed. Last quarter, we held our topline bookings guidance of $400 million to $420 million against a stronger dollar. And so that actually was a $12 million increase we did last quarter to our guidance in constant currency, because otherwise we would've had to lower guidance. But we actually held it, which means, in constant currency, we effectively raised guidance by $12 million. So this quarter, we didn't raise guidance. We were $5 million over our high end, but there was probably $2 million that was, by our estimate, stuff we had expected in Q3, so that's really a flip between the 2. So that's kind of where we are at this point given what we've done with our guidance. Now when you look at second half growth, it is going against really tough compares, even if you exclude the SLM deal. So last year, we grew 31% in Q3. And so just to be flat, we've guided down to 8 plus 1. So just to be roughly flat, it's huge against that number. In fact, if you look at last year...
James Heppelmann: If you think of it from a CAGR perspective, you're talking about 15% CAGR over the 2 years.
Andrew Miller: Over 2 years, yes. If you'll recall we had a megadeal in the third quarter, and that we sequentially grew bookings by $19 million from Q2 to Q3 last year. So that's a challenging comp. Then when you actually get to Q4, you'll see, if you exclude that SLM deal, behind of our guidance is 9% growth. And it was a really strong Q4, even excluding the SLM deal. So in fact, I think the total growth in Q4 last year without that was is still in the low 20% range. We're not saying we're a 20% growth company, we're saying we're a low double-digit bookings growth company. So we think our guidance is appropriate. If you actually look at the linearity in the quarters that we're laying out here, it makes a lot of sense. The macro still seems mixed to us. The pipeline looks - we always base our guidance on our pipeline and our analytics around the pipeline. We don't get ahead of our SKUs there.
Kenneth Richard Talanian: Okay, great. And just as a follow-up, obviously, you've accelerated the transition to - a greater percentage of your business coming from subscription. I'm curious, how should we think about your path towards your fiscal '21 free cash flow targets given this accelerated plan?
Andrew Miller: Well, first off, the end result. Clearly, we're not - we have not come off the 85% net okay? So I want to make sure you're clear on that. Stay tuned for as we exit this year and we've done our business planning then we'll give you the best guidance we can. More subscription is always better for our business model, but we also have to be realistic. There are - you can go back to like the Adobe stage and still have some perpetual revenue. So we're not coming off that. Clearly, though, our bookings that we're guiding to right now at 7% to 12% constant currency bookings growth is more than we included in our November guidance - or not guidance, in our November business model...
James Heppelmann: Outlook, yes.
Andrew Miller: Outlook that we gave for the long term. So it's very helpful. And because this business is subscription, the compounding or stacking benefit helps the next year and the year after that. So the net I would say is this year certainly seems to give us confidence in that long-term model that we've laid out there, which certainly has an attractive free cash flow number, attractive EPS number by 2020 and 2021.
Operator: Next question is from Saket Kalia of Barclays.
Saket Kalia: So let's start with the end of perpetual. Since it's regionally focused, again Americas and Western Europe and we're excluding Kepware, can you give us a sense for maybe, historically, how much perpetual revenue would essentially be rerouted from the income statement? And then what would that bookings impact be? Is that net neutral in bookings or could that be a smaller deal size? Just any color on those mechanics.
Andrew Miller: Okay. So those 2 geos are Americas and Western Europe are about 70% of our bookings historically. Is that what you were looking for?
Saket Kalia: Yes.
Andrew Miller: Okay, good. And we're still assessing the other geographies. That's the key thing. Kepware is a good example. We haven't gotten traction there, but we're not giving up. We're going out and trying to figure out what is really going on in that market. The competitors don't offer subscription. How can we - is there value customers wanting to make sure we bundle that for them? What we did do with Kepware since we acquired them is, now, you have to buy support when you buy Kepware. They used to hardly ever sell support, now there's a 100% attach rate to support. So we're basically doing our work to understand what could we do there. Frankly, what could we do to monetize the customer and grow the business more effectively, that's really what our objective is. Subscription is a way that works in the rest of the business, we'll figure out what works for Kepware. Other things that we are also looking at is as Kepware is integrated with other parts of ThingWorx, it's sold subscription.
Saket Kalia: Right. And the correlator in - around that was, I guess, let's say 70% of perpetual sort of gets rerouted. Would that be a net neutral to the license and subscription bookings metric? Or just any - just any color there in terms of how that might change once you end-of-life perpetual.
Andrew Miller: I don't expect it is going to - our customers have demonstrated they want to buy subscription so I don't think it's going to change demand for our products in the marketplace other than the fact that what we've been hearing from our channel partners is it's actually easier to sell. The hurdle's lower, customers tend to buy more because of paying in monthly payments as opposed to writing a big check upfront. So all the reasons why subscription or cloud has done well broadly in software apply to us. And we've certainly see, for example in conversions, where people do a conversion, the value of that flexibility is worth something to them. But on top of it, they buy some more at the same time. Often, the incremental buy is bigger than the uplift for just the conversion. So I think there's a help there. The one thing that we have highlighted is with subscription, people tend to do land and expand. And so like this quarter, the amount of business from large deals was actually just below that 30% to 50% metric we've had previously as far as what percentage of our bookings come from large deals, deals over $1 million. It was actually just below that. So the strength this past quarter was just very broad business strength across geos, across products, across healthy channels with healthy deal sizes.
James Heppelmann: Yes. Another way to think about it, Saket, is the percent subscription in Americas and Europe already is, let's call it, upper 70s. And rather than aiming from upper 70s to mid-80s, we would be aiming for, I don't know, mid-90s sort of thing, right?
Andrew Miller: Yes, yes.
James Heppelmann: So there's not that much runway left here, actually. And we're going to try to just eke out the last chunk of it and not settle at 85% but push on, because in a perfect world, if we get to 100%, I think everybody in this call would be happy with that.
Saket Kalia: Sure. If I could just ask a follow-up. Can you just talk a little bit - obviously, deferred revenue and unbilled kind of in focus. Can you talk about the mix between those 2, Andy, in terms of billed deferred versus unbilled and how that might change, if at all, in your long-term model?
Andrew Miller: I'll be honest, I haven't thought about that because I don't think it's very important, to be perfectly frank. The key thing is right now, customers, as I mentioned, the average length of a contract remains about 2 years. We don't want signed contracts that are more than 3 years. But you could see a little lift in that toward something above 2, many companies I'm aware of have something in that 2 4, 2 5 average term. We actually made it challenging for our channel to sell more than 1-year subscriptions in the past. So just from an operational perspective, so I would think that's going to float up a little bit. But we still bill just 1 year in advance. That's going to make the unbilled piece be a little bit bigger if that floats up. But we basically bill annually. We're not changing that because that's the norm.
Operator: Next question is from Monika Garg of Pacific Crest.
Monika Garg: First, kind of follow up on the last question. Given your peers, especially in the European market, they're still offering perpetual license and you're talking about kind of discontinuing perpetual. Maybe could you give some examples? Have you talked to channel or your customers? And any risk you see of losing your customers to your peers?
Andrew Miller: I don't believe we have any risk that we're going to lose customers due to peers because we sell our software from a subscription perspective. And I'll give you that for - I'll give you just a few data points. So one thing we did before we made this decision was we actually went out and surveyed all of our channel partners and took that feedback to make sure they were ready, that they felt heard, that they felt their customers were ready, and it came back tremendously positive. They love the subscription model. One of the interesting things was they actually highlighted that the cash flow challenge that we all hear about, they figured that out and they're managing it. Now of course our channel partners, different from some other companies, had a much bigger recurring revenue base to start with, so that helps them get through that. So it's very, very positive. The one thing they do want, they rate themselves that they could be better at selling it and so we took note of that immediately and they're in at LiveWorx, and there'll be a whole lot of sales enablement for their people about how you actually can sell subscription more easily and sell through any perpetual objection that someone might have. So I think it benefits us as opposed to hurts us, because again, think about it. Our channel partners, it's always - you can do one thing really well. If you try to do 2 things well, you'll probably do both of them not very well. So here, they will become expert at selling subscription and they don't have to figure out how do I handle the - I can simply say we don't sell perpetual, we sell subscription and end it there. They're not trying to be good at 2 things at once.
James Heppelmann: I think, the key point is with technologies like CAD and PLM, which are fairly complex mission-critical enterprise technology, the technologies you select, particularly if you're buying more, if you're buying more, there's no way you're going to switch based on a pricing model because the switching cost are dramatically higher than the price of buying more with a different model. And then I think, when you look around, particularly if you go out and look at new technologies, they're all subscription anyway. So I feel like Andy's right that there's not a lot of risk here. Again, the market is telling us now that the vast majority of people, given the choice, are going to go that way. And the vast majority of new products coming to market are subscription. So it feels like there's so much - the snowball rolling down the hill here, and subscription has gotten so big that every passing quarter there's fewer people complaining about it.
Andrew Miller: The only other thing I'll say is I googled - I know that they're - I've read some reports from some of you about one of our competitors where some of their customers are vocally not liking their change. However, I googled Adobe and around their end-of-life of perpetual, and it looks exactly - the kind of noise from their customer base looks exactly like what you're seeing around Autodesk, and yet it certainly worked out well for Adobe.
James Heppelmann: Yes, and then that was...
Andrew Miller: That was [indiscernible] '13 when you wouldn't believe how everyone said they were going to drop it and sell on.
James Heppelmann: And then that slowed Salesforce down and so--
Andrew Miller: No. Yes.
Monika Garg: And then just as a follow-up, Andy, on revenue recognition topic 606, maybe could you update us, do you expect any impact on revenue recognition from that?
Andrew Miller: Yes. So first off, remember, it affects us for fiscal '19, not fiscal '18. So we're 9 months behind everyone else. So we're continuing to do our analysis to figure out what our conclusions are around 606. And we haven't finished, so I can't tell you what our conclusions are yet. When we do, probably, I would guess in our Q3 10-Q would be when we first disclose and have a conclusion around 606. The one thing I will share with you is that the SEC did open the door for at least staying ratable on an annual basis when they introduced kind of the time element to determining how you recognize revenue. So that is clearly an option for us if some of the other ways that others' on-prem software companies or other software companies are trying to get there. If those don't seem to work for us, then we have that other option available as well. I want to remind you, we chose to be a subscription company because we - it's how our customers want to buy it. They value it, so - since they value that and we're giving them something they value, is we monetize those customers more effectively. That's why we did it. Being ratable is certainly something we would like to continue at least on an annual basis because it makes it easier for you to understand our results, so we would certainly like to stay ratable, and that's kind of where our desire is.
James Heppelmann: Yes, the primary benefit is a better business model for us and our customers. The secondary benefit is ratable revenue. And so even if there's questions on the second part, the primary part still holds and we're going to do what we can to keep the ratable stuff in place. All right. Operator, do have any more calls?
Operator: That's the last question in queue. Please stay on the line, we'll turn it over back to Jim Heppelmann to close out the call.
James Heppelmann: Yes, great. Okay. Thanks, operator. I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call and spending a fairly long call with us here this afternoon. Again, I think if you step back and look at our results this quarter, it's pretty clear that across our 3 strategic missions of driving up the growth rate, driving our profitability and converting to subscription, we're making great progress. So the last thing I want to say is talk a little bit about LiveWorx, tell you about it and encourage you to attend. So LiveWorx is a unique opportunity to hear from a wide variety of industry thought leaders and to get hands-on experience with lots of technology and software applications. And then the network with more than 6,000 projected customer and partner attendees. So the focus of the event is on the convergence of physical and digital worlds, and the opportunities that are unleashed by that convergence in product design, manufacturing operations and improved service. So LiveWorx will be held in Boston from May 22 to 25 at the very large Boston Convention and Exhibition Center, not far from the airport at all. We're going to have an investor session on Tuesday, May 23, during the event and we hope that you're be able to join us. If you'd like to join us, of course, reach out our IR team and they'll help you with what registration details. So we hope to see you at LiveWorx. And if not, at another investor event or on the call in about 90 days again. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-01-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox - Vice President of Investor Relations. James Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer. Andrew Miller - Chief Financial Officer.
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Shateel Alam - Goldman Sachs Saket Kalia - Barclays Steve Koenig - Wedbush Ken Wong - Citi Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI Matt Hedberg - RBC Ed Maguire - CLSA
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the PTC 2017 First Quarter Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for question. I would like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Good afternoon, thank you Sarah and welcome to PTC's 2017 first quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer and Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast and a replay of the call will be available later today on our Investor Relations website. During the call, PTC will make forward-looking statements including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call, are valid only as of today's date, January 18, 2017, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release, made available on our Investor website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to PTC's CEO, Jim Heppelmann.
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before I jump in at the quarterly results, I’d like to take a moment to congratulate Tim and his investor relations team on the award they have received in November from institutional investor who named PTC as the best IR Company in midcap [ph] software. I certainly appreciate the great work that Tim and his team have done under Andy’s direction to ensure that our investors understand our business as we go through our subscription transition. Based on the boarding results, it appears that many of you feel the same way. So thank you for your support and congratulations to Tim and the team. Coming back to the quarter then, our Q1 results represent a very strong start to FY 2017 and continue the momentum we built over the last year. In Q1, we executed very well across our key strategic and operational objectives. Bookings of $90 million were $10 million or 13% above the high end of the Q1 guidance range we provided last October. We had particularly strong IoT results, but also solid execution in our solutions business as well. On the subscription front, the 65% subscription mix for Q1 was well above our guidance of 55%. Both bookings and mix benefited from an IoT subscription megadeal, but even without this deal bookings and mix would perform well compared to their guidance. We’ll provide additional details on a subscription transition throughout the call but suffices to say our program continues to gain traction in the market. Once again the strong subscription mix in the quarter had the effect of dampening our reported revenue results and this was further exacerbated by significant currency headwins. Nonetheless, Q1 revenue, operating margin and EPS were all within our guidance ranges. Infact, had our subscription mix been the 55% that we guided to our revenue margins and EPS would have been well above the high end of their respected guidance ranges. All-in-all this was a strong start to the year. To summarize our progress this past quarter, I will again frame my discussion around the three key initiatives that we focus how to maximize long-term shareholder value. As a reminder, they are first to increase our topline growth, second to continue our margin expansion and third to convert to a subscription business model. Let me start by discussing progress against our growth ambition. As we outlined during our financial outlook webcast last November, our goal is to achieve sustainable double-digit growth by having our core business return to mid single digit growth consistent with the more mature CAD, PLM market while having our IoT business grow in the 30% to 40% range consistent with the fast-growing IoT market. The combination would create low double-digit overall growth for PTC. So against that goal, Q1 was another outstanding bookings quarter with year-over-year total bookings growth of 31% reflecting strong execution in both parts of the business. In IoT, we had a record bookings quarter, growing many times faster than the market. Expansions accounted for over half of our bookings. We more than doubled the number of six figure deals, primarily driven by expansions and we had one large deal the find is greater than 1 million and one mega deal the find is greater than 5 million. Even if you exclude the mega deal and exclude Kepware, which was not in Q1 of last year, bookings were up over 90% more than double market growth rates. I think this clearly demonstrates the value that customers are deriving from IoT initiatives even though these customers are generally still in their early days of their IoT journeys. It also provides a quantitative basis for the numerous industry analyst reports and awards that consistently positioned PTC as a strong leader in the IoT software platform market.  Last quarter, I discussed the launch of ThingWorx studio pilot program which enables prospective customers to engage with this powerful new tool for authoring and publishing augmented reality experiences. Studio blends PTC's AR, IoT and CAD visualization and illustration technologies to overlay important digital insights gained from IoT and analytics on to your view of the physical things you are working with. Starting the quarter we had more than 500 industrial companies participating and during the quarter we added another 500 companies to the pilot program. These large numbers speak to the growing interest in AR across industrial enterprises. ThingWorx is the only IoT platform that allows customers to author user experiences using web, mobile and AR technologies and of the three, AR is the most powerful, and we believe, over time more and more companies want to head in that direction with their IoT applications. As a proof point of customer interest, some of you may have noted how we helped our partner GE to deliver a very impressive AR based keynote demonstration at GE’s mines and machines event in October. This demo, a replay of which you can access via our investor website showed a GE locomotive engine going through an optimized service process. PTC and GE created the demo together using both Predix and ThingWorx for Predix technology that we announced at the show. ThingWorx for Predix is a configuration of ThingWorx that connects the Predix inorder to gain access to information about connected access like the locomotive so that users can quickly build web, mobile and AR based apps to interact with such an asset. We are excited because this approach allows both parties to further expand the successful relationship we’ve developed together. From a technology, strategy and market leadership perspective, I’m delighted to see PTC continue to gain recognition across the industry. In their November wave report on IoT platforms, the top-tier analyst firm Forrester Research identified PTC as having the most complete IoT platform offering on the market, positioning us squarely in the leadership category next to some impressive names like IBM, GE and Microsoft, the latter to whom we view as partners. Likewise just this past week, we were placed in the IoT leadership quadrant by the Experton Group for the second year in a row. Then at the big CES show in Las Vegas, PTC was named the industrial Internet of Things Company of the year by IoT Breakthrough, which is an international organization that identifies the best IoT products and companies in the industry. Chosen from over 2000 nominations by an independent panel of journalists, analysts and technology executives, PTC was selected for having the most creative and technologically advanced products and services and for delivering breakthrough connected technologies to the market. To sum up on the IoT front, we believe the clear leadership and market momentum we have established were once again validated by our very strong Q1 performance and we look forward to providing further insight into our IoT business during our IoT focus webcast plan for later this quarter. Stay tuned for more details on that. Turning now to the performance of solutions business, improved operational execution once again drove solid Q1 results. CAD led the way with double-digit bookings growth, primarily driven by strength in Europe and strength in the Americas channel where go-to-market initiatives launched in fiscal 2016 are beginning to bear fruit. Solid POM bookings benefitted by another strong quarter for Navigate, which is under our – which is a ThingWorx-based PLM offering launched in early fiscal 2016. As a reminder, Navigate provides a broad range of enterprise users with expanded access to the digital design content traditionally held captive within the customers' engineering departments. A great example of Navigate’s growing traction in the market is the Q1 deal we signed with Radiant [ph] which many of you know is a long time strategic PTC customer with over 30,000 Windchill seats in use today across the enterprise. That deal is the largest Navigate transaction we’ve closed today. For Raytheon [ph] the key value drivers with the ability to create easy-to-use Navigate apps for a broad set of end users that may enable access to multiple enterprise information systems. We believe these value drivers will resonate across thousands of enterprise Windchill deployments in our customer base, creating a significant long-term opportunity to drive continued PLL [ph] growth. Lastly, in our solutions business, we saw some variability again in SLM as we’ve seen in the past with SLM bookings down year-over-year primarily due to a number of large deals in Q1 of 2016 when SLM posted a 50% growth rate. So to summarize our progress relative to bookings growth with a strong technology advantage and an exciting high growth market, our IoT growth plans are on track, and with continued improvements and focus in execution as well as the leverage of our new technologies, we are seeing continued progress in our core solutions business. Building on the strength shown throughout fiscal 2016, Q1 was the fourth consecutive quarter where we significantly exceeded our bookings growth targets. We hope to keep that going but naturally our guidance is a little more cautious. Let me turn now to our second top level initiative to drive shareholder value which is to further increase our operating margins. In Q1, our operating expenses were within our guidance range and despite subscription mix coming in well above guidance, we also delivered operating margin within our guidance range, a testament to the operational discipline you come to expect from PTC.  Moving forward as you know the dollar has strengthened substantially since last October when we provided fiscal 2017 guidance. Infact, we estimate that FX changes will negatively impact revenue by $32 million for the full year. However, even in the face of these currency headwins for fiscal 2017, we expect to achieve the 17% to 18% operating margin target we provided to you last October based on the 65% subscription mix assumption. We are committed to staying on the long term margin expansion path we outlined for you last November and have adjusted our spending plans accordingly. Andy will take you through the guidance details and currency impacts later in the call. So turning now to our third key top level initiative which is our transition to our subscription model, the Q1 2017 mix of subscription bookings was again well ahead of our guidance even if we excluded the subscription megadeal. We saw a strong adoption in every segment, in every region and in both our direct and indirect channels. I’ll leave it to Andy to leverage further on how our subscription program is evolving to the next level later in the call. Before I can close, let me address the global macroeconomic backdrop. Recent PMI data does point to some potential modest improvements in North America and Europe; however it’s too early for us to say that this has translated into a change in buying behavior within our customer base. As of now we believe that our recent performance has been driven by improved execution and essentially mediocre macro environment. Our guidance assumes that this will be the environment we face going forward. To wrap up, here at PTC, we continue to focus on three levers to drive significant shareholder value, topline growth, property expansion and a subscription transition. On the growth front, our momentum in market, position in IoT highlights the tremendous opportunity in front of us and we are encouraged by another quarter of improved execution in our core solutions business. On the margin expansion front, financial discipline remains one of our cornerstones as we drive non-GAAP operating margin into the low 30s post transition. And on the subscription front, following exceptional performance in fiscal 2016 Q1 was another strong step towards transforming our business model. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Miller: Thanks, Jim and good afternoon everyone. Please note that I’ll be discussing non-GAAP results unless otherwise specified. Bookings of $90 million were $10 million above the high end of guidance provided last October. On a year-over-year basis, bookings increased 31% and 23% if you exclude Kepware. Subscription comprised 65% of total booking versus our guidance of 55% and would have been above guidance even excluding the subscription megadeal. Subscription ACD in the quarter was 29 million well ahead of our guidance of 19 to 22 million. Once again this quarter, the strong subscription results contributed to a significant increase in our total deferred revenue, build plus unbuilt which increased year-over-year by 248 million or 43% to 825 million as of the end of fiscal Q1 2017. Subscription adoption trends were consistent with Q4, 2016 where we saw a strong performance in every segment, every geography and in both our direct and indirect channel. IoT led the way with subscription mix in the high 70% range despite Kepware being virtually all perpetual at this time. In our solutions business, POM continued to outpace the other segments in the low 60% range and CAD was in the mid-50% range due in part to continued progress in our channel. In our direct business, subscription mix was 73% and in the channel, subscription increased 200 basis points sequentially to 43% led by the Americas where close to two thirds of the channel bookings were subscription. Regionally, the Americas, Europe and Japan far outpaced the Pac Rim where adoption trends continue to lag the other GS. Q1 subscription mix benefited from our support conversion program and the incremental ACV from conversions drove a portion of our bookings over performance. In the first quarter, 30 customers, including some very large customers, converted their support contracts to subscription at an ACV uplift that averaged 53% above the prior annual support amount. We believe that the conversion opportunity within our customer base is substantial and will play out over many years. However, you should expect quarterly variability as this program continues to ramp and mature. For conversions, I'll also remind you that one, we only include the incremental ACV in our bookings results, not the full contract value of the new subscription contract. And tow, our current long-term business model does not include any assumption that our large support revenue base transitions to subscription. So this represents upside to that model. Turning to the income statements, total first quarter revenue of $287 million was down $4 million year-over-year. We estimate that subscription mix negatively impacted total revenue by about $18 million compared to last year, and professional services decreased about $3 consistent with our strategy to migrate more service engagements to our partners. Adjusting for these items, revenue would have grown by about $20 million or 5%. Despite the fact that we had too fewer days in the quarter, which negatively impacts recurring revenue by about 220 basis points. Compared to our guidance, we estimate that adjusting for the higher mix of subscription; our total revenue would have been approximately $297 million, which would have been above the high end of our guidance of $290 million. In addition, currency negatively impacted reporting reported revenue by just over 3 million relative to the FX guidance we provided last October. On a reported basis, software revenue was down 1% year-over-year due to the higher subscription mix, adjusting for mix and currency, we estimate software revenue would have increased 6% year-over-year, despite the fact we had two fewer days in the quarter which impacted software revenue by about 190 basis points. Approximately 86% of Q1 software revenue was recurring up from 80% a year ago. Operating expense in the first quarter of 170 million was at the midpoint of our guidance range including about $1 million benefit from currency which offset higher commissions and bonuses from the over performance this quarter. Q1 operating margin at 15% was within our guidance range of 15% to 16% despite the higher mix of subscriptions due to strong bookings performance and cost discipline. We estimate that adjusting for the higher mix compared to our guidance, operating margin would have been 18% above the high end of our range. And adjusting for the year-over-year change in mix, operating margin would have been about 24%, a 300 basis point improvement over Q1 2016. EPS of $0.26 was at the midpoint of guidance. We would have beaten our high end guidance by $0.06 at our guidance mix with lower income taxes contributing a penny, offsetting a penny negative currency impact. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and investments were down $105 million from Q4 2016 as expected, driven primarily by the payment of fiscal 2016 bonus and year end commissions of about $64 million, debt repayment of $20 million, the first interest payment on the bond of $15 million, restructuring payments of $16 million and the foreign exchange impact on cash of $10 million. Now turning to guidance for fiscal 2017. Let me remind you of some of the general considerations we have factored in. First, while we are pleased with our bookings performance in Q1, we attribute our performance primarily to improved execution, our growth initiatives and our support conversion program, and remain cautious of the global macroeconomic environment. Second, while subscription results have been very strong in recent quarters, it remains challenging to forecast the pace of our transition and the resulting impact to near-term reported financial results. Third, our FX assumptions in our guidance now assumed dollar to euro at $1.05, and yen to dollar at ¥116. As Jim mentioned, I would like to provide some additional color on FX and its impact on our guidance. For the full year relative to our previous FX guidance, we estimate that currency will negatively impact bookings by approximately $12 million and total revenue by approximately $32 million. Due to the natural hedge afforded by our international spending base, cost of goods sold and operating expenses will benefit by approximately $70 million, resulting in an EPS of about $0.12. With this in mind, despite the FX headwinds for the full year fiscal 2017 we are maintaining our bookings guidance range of $400 million to $420 million. This represents 5% to 10% growth excluding the $20 million SLM megadeal we closed in Q4, 2016. In constant currency this represents 7% to 12% growth, an increase. From subscription perspective we continue to expect fiscal 2017 mix to be approximately 65% for the full year. As we discussed last quarter, we continue to analyse and explore the phasing out of perpetual licenses within certain geographies and product segments where penetration is running in the 80% to 90% plus range, and we will share more details in future. We remain confident that we can achieve our FY, 2018 subscription mix target of 85%. For fiscal 2017 we expect total revenue in the range of $1.17 billion to $1.18 billion, which represents 3% growth year-over-year at the midpoint and 4% growth in constant currency. This includes subscription revenue growth of approximately 120% and total recurring software revenue growth of 90% year-over-year at the midpoint. In constant currency this represents recurring software revenue growth of 11% after midpoint. We expect to increase our services margin by about a 100 basis points and remain committed to a 20% services margin by fiscal 2018. Fiscal 2017 operating expenses are now expected to be $670 million to $680 million, a decrease of $10 million from our previous guidance and a decrease of 1% year-over-year at the midpoint of guidance. Despite the significant negative FX impact on revenue relative to our previous guidance, we are maintaining our fiscal 2017 operating margin guidance at 17% to 18% representing a 200 to 300 basis point improvement over last year, reflecting our commitment to long-term margin expansion. On a mix adjusted basis we are targeting an operating margin improvement of about 100 basis points to about 28%. We are now assuming a tax rate of 8% to 10% for the full year, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of a $1.20 to a $1.30 per share based upon about 117 million shares outstanding, which is a decrease of just under $0.03 from our previous guidance at the midpoint. We estimate that FX relative to our previous guidance is a negative impact of $0.12 for the full year. So we are offsetting a good portion of the FX impact through improved performance on the topline and rigorous cost management. In addition, our guidance now includes about a $0.05 benefit from a lower tax rate and from a one time gain of $3.5 million from an investment we had made in a private company that was acquired this month. We continue to be expect adjusted free cash flow between $170 million and $180 million. Adjusted free cash excludes about $40 million of fiscal 2016 restructuring payments and the $3 million fiscal 2016 litigation settlement payment. For the second quarter, we expect bookings in the range of $80 to $90 million which at the midpoint of guidance represents a 1% decline year-over-year and 3% year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis. I will remind you that we had very strong bookings performance in Q2, 2016 where we exceeded the high end of guidance by $5 million creating a tough comparison for Q2, 2017 especially in our solutions business. On the subscription front, we expect 60% of bookings will be subscription with subscription ACV of 24 million to 27 million, an increase of approximately 9% at the midpoint of guidance. We expect total revenue in the range of $280 million to $285 million for Q2 including $64 million of subscription revenue, an increase of approximately 160% year-over-year. We expect OpEx in the range of $161million to $166 million and an operating margin of approximately 16% to 17%. We are assuming a tax rate of 8% to 10% resulting in non-cash EPS of $0.26 to $0.31 per share based upon approximately 117 million shares outstanding and including about a $0.03 benefit from the investment gain. Before we move to Q&A I want to update you on our stock repurchase plans. As a reminder returning capital shareholder is a fundamental element of our capital strategy and based on our current forecast we continue to attend to resume purchases in the second half of fiscal 2017 when cash and our borrowing capacity begin to return to more normal level after passing through the subscription troughs. With that, I’ll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Yes. Thank you. We will now begin question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
James Heppelmann: Hello, Sterling, how you’re doing?
Andrew Miller: Hi, Sterling.
Sterling Auty: I’m good, I’m good. Thanks. Hi guys. Because everybody is going wonder is there any additional details you can give on the subscription megadeal whether it was new or expansion. What industry or any other color you can provide?
James Heppelmann: We don’t have a lot of detail Sterling, but you know it was a well known global industrial company who had expanded previous deployment. We don’t yet have their permission to disclose who and why. I hope we get and if we do we’ll talk about it at the upcoming webcast.
Sterling Auty: The other popular question I get is around the maintenance conversions that you mentioned that, it’s definitely helped in bookings. Is there way for us to quantify what the ultimate potential is in terms of contribution? And I think traditionally we think about your top 400 customers on the maintenance side and of course that being critical, you know where are we in the penetration of those and in terms of conversion?
Andrew Miller: So, a few highlights for you. So first off, the top 400, 500 represent probably just over 40% of our maintenance base and they are the ones that we’re targeting the most now but as in prior quarters we actually have a number of customers that are not in that cohort that are actually converting. And in fact this quarter with about half of them were not among those largest customers. And the average ACV increase was actually greater among those and they did it frantically to get the benefit of remix and re-stack and at the same time they bought some more software. So that was actually -- it is always – there is always been a part of them that been from that cohort but it increased this particular quarter. And that drove the overall ACV increase from what had been many quarters in the lower to mid 40% range as far as an increased ACV up to 53% this quarter. As far as the larger customers goal we’re about a quarter through the largest customers, but the thing to realize is we actually just engaged pricing consulting firm to help us, tax offers for other cohorts of our customer base frankly to come up with a conversion program that would address, frankly the entire installed base. So we think the entire base is an opportunity at different ACV uplift frankly depending upon kind of their current situation, what their current support rate is relevant to market et cetera. So we’re pretty optimistic about this, but it will be variable because frankly the timing of renewals varies quarter by quarter as you can imagine.
Sterling Auty: Great. And one last one, so I can slip it in. I just want to make sure, clarify and I understand the message.. It sounded like around the macro you have elements that maybe good point to things getting better, but you haven’t factor them into your guidance, but Jim I thought in your prepared right at the end I thought you said something like, but of course we’re being more cautious than our outlook. I just want to make sure that wasn’t something that was misspoke or that I miss interpreted? It sounded [Indiscernible] happening to the same.
James Heppelmann: No. Okay. I’m glad you ask the clarifying questions. What we’re saying is that particular since the election the PMI index has shown some interesting booking improvements particularly in U.S. and Europe, and historically we've had some relatively strong correlation to the PMI index. You know that’s said, it’s a forward-looking index based on emotion and we didn't see any of that emotions specifically contributing to orders in Q1. May be well in Q2, 3, 4, I don’t know. But we’re not baking on that. We’re essentially ignoring the PMI data until we can see in the rear-view mirror as opposed through the windshield. Now, what I said for your second comment is that we have significantly exceeded our bookings guidance for four quarters in a row, but that gives one the temptation to say, how great we are, but we are not going to try to be a hero. We’re going to stick to what we see in the pipeline, what we see in the forecast and not let what’s happened in the past, somehow color our future, our view of what is likely to happen this quarter or for the rest of the year. So I was basically saying just because we’ve exceeded significantly four quarters in row doesn't mean we well fifth, six or seven.
Sterling Auty: Maybe the right term is conservative rather than cost?
James Heppelmann: Yes.
Sterling Auty: Got it. Thanks guy. I appreciate it.
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Sterling.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shateel Alam of Goldman Sachs.
Shateel Alam: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Hey, guys. Andy first one for you on deferred revenue, that was down 2% year-over-year, down 9% quarter over quarter, I’m sure FX wasn’t impact, but you just quantify that and then on this quarter just explain what some of the dynamics are. I think going forward how do you see deferred revenue checking throughout the year, I know you sign maintenance deals in January and April, how does that help?
Andrew Miller: So, as we did in the fourth quarter, we’ve added new disclosure to our prepared remarks that’s on page seven, so I refer all of you to that. And essentially that where we show the unbilled deferred revenue and the billed deferred revenue, because there is variability in the billed deferred revenue frankly driven by the timing of billings and the timing of our quarter ends. So it’s specifically, let me give you a total deferred revenue actually went up, $248 million to $825 million, that’s a 43% increase. Now the billed deferred revenue on the balance sheet went down from Q4 from $414 million to $375 million. What happened was the year ago the quarter ended January 2nd and we build a lot of support and subscription on January 1st and 2nd which is – I mean that just been timing of that billing. So last year that was in the first quarter. This year the quarter ended December 31st so it wasn’t in the first quarter. Now with $64 million of billings we made on January 1st and 2nd. So that explains why the balance sheet deferred revenue fluctuated down, it actually would be up if the quarter ended two days later. So that’s why it’s important to look at both unbilled and billed. The other thing that I’ll highlight is the fact that because we did get a question offline, so I’ll make sure, I’ll answer it. That the increase in deferred revenue, that $248 million is not been driven by length of subscription contracts. Our subscription contracts are maximum of three years expect for the occasional exception and by the way the megadeal that we signed was a three-year contract. So, it is not being driven by length, it’s been driven by just increase subscription bookings. So great times everyway you look it at. Does that help?
Shateel Alam: Yes. That’s very helpful. Thank you. And I just had a follow-up on…
Andrew Miller: One more thing can I point out?
Shateel Alam: Sure.
Andrew Miller: That $64 million would have all been in current deferred revenue had the quarter ended two days later. So, because that was another question, someone email us, they want it to address. Okay.
Shateel Alam: Great. That’s helpful. And just a follow-up on IoT, I know you can specifically talk about those megadeals, but could you just maybe some color on the sale cycles around those megadeals? How long they take? Do you have any more megadeals assumed in your guidance for the year?
James Heppelmann: So, first of all, I think you know we are in a land and expand model here with our IoT revenue, and in fact we changed it to make the first phase of land and expand to be a premium based model. So in this case, this was – I’m trying to remember probably the fourth transaction we did with this customer as we went from a small one and to try it, a bigger one to roll it out little bit more broadly, another one they increase it and then this one to increase it significantly more. So, we’ve been talking this customer for couple of years as we move through those, lets say four different orders. And I think that’s the way you should expect it to be and that’s way every time we win somebody at the front of that land and expand process and get them engaged we’re pretty excited because we think we’re planting a seed that could bear some pretty significant fruit down the road just as this one did. That said, there are no there are no assumptions of any megadeals in IoT or otherwise in the balance of the year. We tend not to put them in any kind of guidance and quite frankly sometimes we don’t put in them in the forecast because we don't want to be operating with such wild swings either in what we’re telling each other or what we’re telling you.
Andrew Miller: Yes. The one thing I would add to that though is that a megadeals is anything over $5 million and so it would be possible that there would be deal that was just over $5 million that would been our guidance that’s maybe not in our guidance at the full $5 million, the deals can get smaller. We triangulate around the pipeline and all the deals in the guidance and what could happen and what could fallout from different ways. It’s very difficult to say what specifically was in or out given how we develop guidance.
Shateel Alam: Great. Thank you. Very helpful.
James Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Saket Kalia of Barclays.
James Heppelmann: Hello, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hey, guys, how are you. Thanks about for taking my questions here.
James Heppelmann: Sure.
Saket Kalia: So first just to you know not to harp on the large IoT deals but they are very interesting, so interesting you can’t talk about who they are and what they encompass. But maybe just more broadly is the pricing on these deals conceptually sort of similarly to what we’ve talked about in the past where pricing was based on the number of connected things and their associated chatting is? Or you sort of seeing the pricing structure for these IoT deals may be change based on metrics as maybe this become more common?
James Heppelmann: Well, Saket when we’re connecting things for purposes of monitoring them and servicing them better and so forth than we do tend to have a pricing model based on how many things and how chatty. When we do factory projects we tend to do it particularly if we end up getting in the multiple factory projects we tend to settled down to a per factory charge because it's just too darned difficult to inventory all the things in all the factories in a larger company. So this was the latter case and was a per factory price. There was actually a combination to be frank, but mostly at latter.
Saket Kalia: Got it, got it. And then, CAD strong double digits was great to see, can you just talk about anything that you think throw them in relative significantly stronger than the overall market growth. And can you remind us what CAD grew year-over-year of last quarter just for basis of comparison? Thanks.
James Heppelmann: I’ll get the first question, while you working on the second one. To me the great thing that happened in CAD is there our North American channel which had been for years kind of perennial weakness has really stepped up and that’s a trend, we’re sort of looking at four consecutive really strong channel growth quarters in North America. Our channel in Europe is very strong but our channel in North America had been comparatively weak, but made a lot of investments in program changes and even the personnel changes to back a few years and those persons drove the program changes and the channel North America has responded well. They've also done a good job adopting subscription, they quite like that program. So I think to me that’s the single biggest factor not only factor but the single biggest factor in what’s improving our CAD business.
Andrew Miller: Yes. Its funny, because if you look at the people running our channel, its made up of people whose career has been in running channel businesses, frankly in our competitors and they know how to do it and every year they've been methodically maturing our channel management practices. And now we got a good go to market play every quarter and there’s a marketing program for the channel that’s called action and that’s working out well. The win-back program is working out well. Also we have CAD customers have gone off maintenance and they have an opportunity to come back on – come back into the fray basically that go on subscription instead. And so we had another good quarter in the win-back program and that program we’re expecting to continue much this year as kind of the final chance to basically come back into maintenance or subscription and not have to buy a new seat that next time you want to upgrade.
James Heppelmann: And just I hit the, I think that’s maybe the first part of your question. This is the third consecutive quarter of double-digit CAD growth, CAD bookings growth and the fourth consecutive quarter of positive CAD bookings growth. And it kind of mirrors what I said about the channel improvement in North America, so I don't have analysis in front of me but I'm going to reasonably conclude here that the biggest factor is the improvements in channel performance in North America.
Saket Kalia: Very helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Koenig of Wedbush. Your line is now open.
James Heppelmann: Hi, Steve.
Steve Koenig: Hi, there. Thanks for taking my questions. Let see, I wanted to ask you maybe a big picture question on IoT, Jim, maybe just generalizing a little bit, if you look at the traction you're getting an IoT and it looks to be increasing and accelerating. Can you give us some color or maybe just little more granularly by maybe break down little bit by use case and/or channel direct versus partner, and related to that how is the - how was the customer acquisition in the low touch sales model working out in that business too?
James Heppelmann: Yes. Well, I’ll say -- well let me ask you a specific question and give you some other big picture comments. So, on the channel, in generally we’ve been in a model where the PTC channel both direct and resellers were doing about the half the bookings and new channels that were brought on to support IoT distribution only were doing about third of the bookings. And then everybody else, then that kind of mean mostly ecommerce was doing the balance which would be sixth. Now the megadeal sway that though, so that’s roughly what it would like if the megadeal either didn't happen or was a normal-sized deal. So that's a good trend, you know again that third is coming from channels other than PTC and the sixth is coming from e-commerce, those are things we didn’t have a couple years ago. Now you said, what’s creating the momentum? The main thing that’s creating momentum is seeds that we planted one and two years ago coming back to buy more and doing substantially larger second and third transactions than they did the first time around. That let us to open the aperture and saying, well, if that’s the model then we should have even more seeds in our premium model would give us even broader exposure. Good example if the 1000 accounts not playing with our IoT plus augmented reality technology, that’s very, very interesting to get 1,000 companies playing with knowing that some of them will matriculate in the real and then increasingly larger customers down the road.  So I think we had good traction. I just ran across a little anecdote this afternoon by accident. We put IoT class in Udemy, if you’re familiar with that, that’s the online education system. And just in the last little over two quarters we’ve had the more than 4000 people go through it and the reviews are phenomenal. I mean, I encourage all of you to go new to me and look at the thing IoT course and read the reviews. I mean, that’s 4,000 people who educated themselves in IoT with our technology and said wow this is a big concept and that’s a great and quite frankly that was a great course. I'm glad to see you introduced me and several of them say I need to learn more about this in the course that we do that online. So anyway, I think we’re very excited with the land and expand model is working. We’ve opened the aperture at the front end with the premium program. I don’t think that yet is influenced any of the success we say this quarter or last quarter, but we’re hoping that will keep the momentum going kind of as we move into may be back part of this year but for sure next year, the year after and so forth.
Steve Koenig: Fantastic. Well, Jim, that was a detailed answer, so I’m gong to end quiz early. Thanks.
James Heppelmann: All right, Steve. I’ll remember that for next time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Wong of Citi. Your line is now open.
Ken Wong: Hey, Jim. Hey, Andy.
James Heppelmann: Hi, Ken.
Ken Wong: Hey. So, I think we can all see how the strong dollar would keep you guys from bumping up full-year bookings, but why wouldn’t we see you guys raise that bookings mixed from 65% considering how strong you guys have started off the year and just given the channel uplift that we’ve seen early on?
Andrew Miller: Why didn’t we raise the booking mix? We’re early one quarter into the year and if you actually do the math on you know it’s – you know it would have been trivial increase what had happened just in the past. And we basically base our guidance on what’s in the pipeline which I think this is smart thing to do at this point.
James Heppelmann: Ken, I’m sure this is at least the fifth quarter in row, we’ve been ask that question. What this keep sticking to our guns here which is we’re going to forecast against the data we have in our system and you know if it turns out better then that’s fine, but we don’t want to start making it up. And for to raise the mix for the year would be the step on limps, start inventing numbers that aren’t supported by data. So, this is model work reasonable well for us I think we prefer to stick with it.
Ken Wong: Got it. Fair enough guys. And then Andy, in the past you guys have talked a little bit about just the uplift you guys are seeing with maintenance contract renewals, I think it was kind of in the 20-ish percent. Is that consistent with what you’re guys are still seeing now?
Andrew Miller: You mean the ones that decided not to convert. I’ll be honest I’ve not seen that analysis yet, so I don’t have answer for you on that. I know that, but operationally the business practices that if they don’t convert they have to basically go to support at. We’ve got a minimum, what do we called that? What does Tony call it?
James Heppelmann: The bridge or something that we call it...
Andrew Miller: There is like BSOE rate. Fundamentally there’s a support – there’s a standard policy what has to be which is that a significant uplift and its depends upon whether again it was a customer that was – if they were 20% below than the uplifts going to get them back up to that, up to that rate. I’ll be honest, I’ve not seen that analysis yet.
Ken Wong: Got you. Okay. No worries then. Okay. And I guess with that I’ll pass the baton.
Andrew Miller: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Talanian of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Ken Talanian: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to go back on the IoT business, again, you noted that you saw number of six-figure deals more than double in the quarter and I know you talked about some of the pricing on those IoT deals being on a per factory basis. But just looking at that, that expansion base, could you give us a sense for whether the drivers are more seat-oriented, more expansion to other product lines within the company or even more like asset base growth?
James Heppelmann: Yes. I think its probably three things, some of it is seat based, when we sell IoT along with say, Navigate to Raytheon, that anecdotal I gave you was probably seat based. If we sell at the factories, it tends to be factory based because there are so many assets of all different sizes, mixed mode there, very heterogeneous environment, and then when its more service based I’m a company who make things and it make expensive long-lived assets and there are out in the field at the customers site and I wish I could connect them back to me, so I could monitory my fleet of things, and service them better, monitor customer success and so forth that tends to be thing based, asset based. So to be frank it’s a combination of the three and that really, it depends on a use case how we’re going to price it. Obviously people they are managing a fleet, kind of want to price as per the fleet, how big is the fleet, how sophisticated are these assets, people who are buying it for users like with Navigate wanted do it per user and people who are implementing it across their factories say is too darn complicated inventory and figure out how chatty every assets in my factory would be because quite frankly I don’t make them, so could we just kind of arrive at a per factory price. And there maybe some negotiation in that depending upon sophistication of factories and so forth, but it's really all three at this point.
Ken Talanian: Okay. And just for a second question, you mentioned that you continue to see support contracts convert over to subscription. And if I look at fiscal 2016 results you actually saw a decline in support deferred, I believe they were around $34 million. Is there anyway we can use that as a proxy that take a look at what ACV, or the decline is relative to the ACV as a support conversions?
James Heppelmann: No. Because you got perpetual license revenue going down, so that’s not the right way to look at it. So, Andy you’re saying that, for perpetual seat we saw the less support we have, the more we convert the less support we have [Indiscernible] unwind all that.
Andrew Miller: Unwind the two, yes, sorry. It’s too hard to unwind the two.
Ken Talanian: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you. 
James Heppelmann: Thanks Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg of RBC. Your line is now open.
Andrew Miller: Hi, Matt. Are you there?
James Heppelmann: Got to unmute your phone, Matt. Operator, go there to the next person.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin. Your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks, good evening. Jim, let me start with you on a technology or portfolio question then I’ll turn to Andy. So you spoken in the past of your view that or the equivalent of IoT and PLM. And more broadly, maybe ofcourse you had your overall close life cycle management strategy where you are integrating the cost being the various segments. The question is do you have examples you can share where customers are infact agreeing with you with regard to the equivalent of IoT and PLM and more broadly are you infact seeing multi segment deployments in new business where you are seeing the effects of the integrated segment strategy actually converting in terms of new business?
James Heppelmann: Okay. Let me see, ThingWorx really at some level is an orchestration engine that can pull data from things, it can pull data from systems, it can run analytics against that data, it can put that in some kind of a business process and then deliver it in real based user interfaces to people and web mobile and AR devices. So, the first thing as we have sold now a tremendous amount of ThingWorx in just four quarters to our PLM customers in this product called Navigate. So if you asked the question, how many of them are using Navigate to orchestrate data from things versus things and systems versus just systems, I’d say a lot of them have started with systems and are playing with things to bring data from products in the field back into engineering so they can get a better understanding of what going on. Now, it’s a powerful idea. You know we use it here at PTC, I mean we have started ThingWorx inside [Indiscernible] ThingWorx, these are our assets that are deployed largely on premise out in the field. Creo, Windchill and even ThingWorx because we want to be able to monitor how much success a ThingWorx customer is having with ThingWorx using ThingWorx. And that’s the basis for how we do customers test management now, because without that data you know we are kind of blind if we were SaaS we’d had it running in our data centers or in data centers that we control or monitor whatever, but when it’s on premise you don’t know anything. So this kind of data is pretty important, our engineering team uses it a lot you know decisions made about Creo which budged to prioritize and fix and so forth are all based on what do we see customers doing out in the field, what kind of problems are they running into, with what frequencies, using what configurations as a hardware and software. So it’s a big powerful idea, I think the idea of an orchestration engine to get data, to pull into PLM is proving to be a big idea. I mean, I think we are in double digit license revenue in the first four quarters. Again, how much of its coming from things that this point is probably a minority but everybody is you know pretty interested in that idea and quite frankly see as the value that we’ve achieved that using software they are familiar with and we can use that as a benchmark.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay, for Andy just two things. One, how are you thinking now about the profitability or eventual profitability of the IoT business. When you look at your numbers in fiscal 2016 according to the 10-K on a direct cost basis, IoT for the year had 116% of revenue in cost but for the fourth quarter it was only 104% which suggest you are getting a lot closer, on that basis the profitability for the IoT business, so if you could comment on that? And then lastly, just following up with some of the earlier questions on deferred, when we think about your model expectations and guidance out from fiscal 2021 is it necessarily the case that deferred would be going up every year, I mean satisfied the upside from conversions and so forth, but as guided would your deferred necessarily go up every year through till 2021 and so forth?
Andrew Miller: Yes, so let me take the first question. So the profitability of IoT you know we basically think that as a software business exceeds that roughly $200 million in revenue, that’s really the point in time that assuming it’s still very high growth, that’s the point in time you tend to cross over into profitability. And we managed the business model that way and we’ll continue to manage it that way, pretty much the way frankly a VC [ph] or a small public software company would be managing their own business model. We do internally an estimated fully allocated P&L which of course has a lot of assumptions in it, but that’s how we really track the profitability of each of our businesses from our a portfolio of management perspective. For SEC reporting and the segment reporting, there’s a -- we don’t if something is like our sales force or much of our marketing spend goes across all segments, we don’t allocate that for SEC segment reporting, because it – we don’t want to put just an assumption out there, we basically follow the rules for how we do segment reporting. So it looks like we are approaching that profitability according to the segment reporting but ofcourse there is a lot of expenses that haven’t been allocated. Two, either IoT or Solutions, they are in an unallocated bucket.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay, then the as a long term deferred question...
Andrew Miller: For the long term deferred question, yes, long term deferred should continue to increase frankly driven by new bookings every year which should far exceed any churn.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thanks Andy, thanks Jim.
James Heppelmann: Sarah, I think we just have time for just one more question before we run up against the hour.
Operator: Okay, thank you. One last question comes from Ed Maguire of CLSA. Your line is now open.
Ed Maguire: Hi, good afternoon. I was wondering if you could discuss whether your customers or you know the conversations with the customers regarding you know potential legislative changes regarding trade in the U.S. maybe changing some of that, the conversations you may be having or they are thinking about their own investment. I know that’s pretty broad but I just was interested in your initial take?
James Heppelmann: Yes, Ed, my initial take it probably uncertain. I mean promise, made a lot of promises; we’ll see which one she implements and which one she doesn’t in which timeframes and so forth. You know obviously we were dealing with a lot of global companies, most of them would like to see well lubricated trade, but it’s just very hard to see. So on one hand the PMI is up sharply in the U.S. suggesting these companies can’t be too concerned about trade, their optimism around things other than trade apparently surpasses their pessimism around trade, so I don’t know its very difficult for me to decode, I’m just going to stand back and i believe just watch it for a while and see what happens.
Ed Maguire: Okay. And one final question, since GE acquired ServiceMax, I know you guys had been working pretty closely with them on connect and field service, has there been, could you comment on any developments on that partnership, and whether the acquisitions of GE alters that or improves that in any way?
James Heppelmann: Yes, I think if you look at the scenario that we showed at the mines and machines event, that was using ThingWorx with Predix in a service scenario, and it was very similar to the demos that we have been doing with ServiceMax except quite frankly didn’t include ServiceMax because GE probably wasn’t ready there to show their guard [ph]. But I think, number one, PTC has a very good relationship with ServiceMax. We’ve had some success together and built some great relationships and I think that having ServiceMax accorded by GE reinforces a new dimension in our partnership with GE that we were working on anyway, which is hey let’s not just be partners in the factory and compete in the service way, why don’t we make thing works with Predix and then we could be partners across the waterfront in both factory and service scenarios. Now you add our friends and ServiceMax into that scenario and I think it’s just helpful. So you know I don’t think that deal just calls last week and we got some work to do but I think that kind of unbalance its net positive originally strong net positive for us and our relationship with GE.
Ed Maguire: Okay. Thank you.
James Heppelmann: Thanks Ed. Okay, Tim, do you want to...
Tim Fox: Yes so operator, while I just close out, I got a few programming notes before I hand it back to Jim. We will be hosting this IoT webcast as Jim mentioned on February 22 01:00 Eastern. We look forward to having you join us for this event. On the conference front, we’re going to be attending JPMorgan High Yield Conference on February 27th in Miami, then moving to the Morgan Stanley T&T Conference on March 2nd in San Francisco. In the meantime if you have any follow up questions post this call, please contact investor relations and with that, I’ll turn it over to Jim for some closing remarks.
James Heppelmann: Yes, I just want to thank everybody for joining again here spending your time with us today. You know I think when I look at the quarter, and across our three strategic missions of increasing growth rate, increasing profitability and switching to subscription this quarter really moved the ball forward on all of those initiatives. And as such, it’s another great win in the record book and we are pleased to deliver it and hope to talk to you again in 90 days if not sooner and hopefully we’ll have good news again for you. So thanks a lot, thanks for joining us.
Operator: That concludes today’s call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox - PTC, Inc. James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc. Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.
Analysts: Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the PTC 2016 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for question. I would like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox - PTC, Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to PTC's 2016 fourth quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Cohen, Chief Strategy Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast and a replay of the call will be available later today on our Investor Relations website. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call, are valid only as of today's date, October 26, 2016, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release, made available on our Investor website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's CEO, Jim Heppelmann.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Let me begin with a review of the fourth quarter and then provide some perspectives on the significant milestones that we achieved in fiscal 2016. Those investors, analysts and journalists who take the time to look beyond the headlines and understand our business model transition will see that by nearly any measure, Q4 was a very good quarter, which capped off a very strong year for PTC. In Q4 we continued our momentum by executing well across all of our key objectives, both strategic and operational. Bookings of $142 million were $21 million or 17% above the high end of the Q4 guidance we provided in July. Late in the quarter we recorded an SLM subscription booking of $20 million that was not in our guidance due to deal timing uncertainty, but please take note that even without this transaction, we still would have exceeded the high end of our bookings guidance. We delivered a subscription mix of 70% for the quarter, which would be 65% excluding this $20 million deal, but either way far ahead of our Q4 guidance target of 46%. We'll provide additional details on the subscription transition throughout the call, but suffice it to say our program gained further traction in Q4 and we're now more than a full year ahead of our transition plan. Given the substantial upside we delivered this quarter on subscription mix, naturally, our reported revenue and EPS were below our guidance range because, again, we deferred significantly more license revenue into future quarters than we had projected we would. However, the long-term value that the subscription model yields for our business and for our shareholders far outweighs the short-term upticks in our reported results. I know you all understand and appreciate that. To summarize our progress this past quarter and year, I will frame my discussion around the three key initiatives that we're focused on to maximize long-term shareholder value. As a quick reminder, they are: first, to increase our top-line growth; second, to continue our margin expansion; and third, to convert to a subscription business model. That has been a very good program for our shareholders and we remain fully committed to it in 2017 and going forward. Let me start then with growth. Remember that our goal is to get to sustainable double-digit growth by having our core business return to mid-single-digit growth consistent with the more mature CAD, PLM market while having our new technology platform business grow in the 30% to 40% range consistent with the fast-growing IoT market. The combination, of course, would create low double-digit overall growth for PTC. So on that note, Q4 was an outstanding bookings quarter with year-over-year total growth of 35%. Our performance certainly benefited from the $20 million mega deal booking in the quarter, but excluding this mega deal, Q4 bookings would still have grown 15% year-over-year, exceeding the high end of our original targets and reflecting strong execution across the breadth of our business. Our IoT business delivered solid results with Q4 bookings up 70% year-over-year, due in part to the contribution of Kepware, but also to a growing number of expansion deals with existing customers from both our direct sales channel and from our partner ecosystem. We landed 81 new ThingWorx logos in the quarter, bringing our full year total to 275. As we've discussed in the last few quarters, we've provided this new logo metric – over the past two years actually – as a way to help gauge market traction with new customers. While I'm pleased with our new logo success rate, our pivot towards a freemium program as a more efficient way to engage new accounts makes this new logo metric a bit less meaningful. So we'll also begin to share a few other key metrics around our freemium program moving forward. As important as the land part of our land and expand strategy is for our IoT business, we're also making meaningful progress on the expand part. In fact, for the full year, the number of six-figure deals for IoT grew by about 75% as compared to fiscal 2015 with customer expansions driving about half of our fiscal 2016 IoT bookings. I think that this clearly demonstrates the value customers are deriving from their IoT initiatives, even though customers are generally still in the early days of their IoT journeys. I'm delighted to see that our thought leadership and momentum in this exciting growth market is being recognized across the industry. PTC was recently named the IoT application enablement platform market share leader by BCC Research, who cited our 27% market share, which was double the share of the next largest provider. Likewise, in another industry analyst report from IoT Analytics, PTC was recognized as the market share leader in the IoT platform market, crediting our end-to-end capabilities from connectivity to application enablement, analytics, augmented reality and industrial automation, as well as the strength of our partner ecosystem. And PTC recently received the 2016 Compass Intelligence Award for IoT Enablement Company of the Year for the enterprise market, selected by more than 40 industry leading press, journalists, thought leaders and analysts who cover technology. This is the second year in a row that PTC was recognized by Compass for IoT leadership. Compass also recognized PTC as the top vendor in application development for our Vuforia Augmented Reality platform, which is the most widely used AR platform in the market. Vuforia now has over 275,000 developers and there have been 315 million installs of apps using our Vuforia technology. In fact, a third-party market study that analyzed the various augmented reality platforms underpinning applications available on the iOS and Android app stores determined that Vuforia has 81% market share today. Last quarter, I discussed the introduction Vuforia Studio, a great new product that combines ThingWorx, Vuforia and Creo technologies to bring AR and VR into the world of industrial IoT. Studio, which is sold as part of our ThingWorx suite, is a powerful new tool for authoring and publishing augmented reality experiences, which overlay important digital information from IoT onto the view of the physical things you're working with, information such as a dashboard of sensors and analytics data, or a 3D step-by-step operating or repair instructions. Studio is an amazing blend of PTC's AR, IoT and CAD visualization and illustration technologies. As part of this introduction, we launched the Studio Pilot Program. And in just the first few months of the launch, we've had over 500 industrial companies participating, which I think speaks volumes about the growing interest in AR in industrial enterprises. We're excited to have such a strong position in this exploding market. To sum up on IoT, we believe 2016 will prove to be a tipping point for PTC as our emergence as the clear leader in industrial IoT is being validated by our business performance, our growing market share, our expanding partner ecosystem and industry recognition of our technology leadership. While the growth opportunity and results in the new business are exciting, of equal importance of course, is our focus on improving execution in our traditional solutions business. Our Q4 performance capped off solid results for fiscal 2016 with bookings growth in the quarter of 30% year-over-year and high single-digit growth excluding the SLM mega deal. For the full year 2016, CAD and PLM bookings outpaced their respective market growth rates, and we were well ahead of our outlook at the start of the year. SLM growth far outpaced the market. The renewed focus on go-to-market activities in our core business coupled with increased rigor in sales and marketing management that were put in place during fiscal 2016 is already beginning to pay dividends. Performance in the year also benefited from our support conversion program, which is driving incremental customer adoption of our core solutions, from our pricing and discounting initiatives and of course, from our cloud offerings that represent an additional revenue stream accessible to us. Along with these important growth initiatives, we continue to see rapid market adoption of Navigate, our new ThingWorx-based PLM offering that was launched in early fiscal 2016. Navigate provides a broad range of enterprise users with expanded access to the digital design content that's traditionally been held captive within the customers' engineering departments. For example, in Q4 our Navigate allowed us to expand the number of roles served and therefore seats purchased at ZF, which led to a PLM mega deal that we closed early in the quarter. In just the first three quarters since launching Navigate, PTC has generated over 10 million in license bookings, making it one of our most successful new product launches in the company's history. Speaking of mega deals, I'd like to circle back and provide some additional color on the strategic SLM engagement that we won in Q4, which capped off a strong year for our SLM business. Following a comprehensive commercial and technical evaluation, a U.S. government customer in the aerospace and defense sector selected a PTC-based solution to help transform its legacy part forecasting system to our cloud-based Service Parts Management solution. This customer has one of the most complex supply chains in the world with over 5,000 large assets and support systems in 1,500 locations around the globe consuming upwards of 1 billion spare parts. This validates our solution as being the best in breed and clearly illustrates that we're able to solve large complex service logistics issues for the most demanding supply chains and reinforces PTC's leading position in the Federal Aerospace and Defense segment. Overall, I am very pleased with the progress that Craig Hayman and his team are making in solidifying our core solutions business, and I believe our FY 2016 results are a promising indicator that these growth initiatives are really beginning to show results. Let me then summarize our overall progress on the growth front. Because we have a strong technology advantage in a booming growth market, our high-growth plans are on track in our new technology platform business. And because of dramatic improvements in execution as well as leverage of new technologies, we're doing well in our core solutions business again and significantly ahead of the long-range bookings growth plan we laid out for our core business. Let me then turn to our second top level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is to further increase our margins. In Q4, our operating expenses were above the high end of our guidance range. This was due primarily to higher sales incentive compensation driven by continued over-performance on our key strategic objective of becoming a subscription company, as well as volume effects due to overall bookings outperformance. With the progress we're making on subscription, we made a deliberate decision during the year not to modify our sales commission plans, as we didn't want to risk impacting our momentum. Nobody likes it when you change the rules in the middle of the game. But as we discussed last quarter, our sales incentive compensation plans and targets are reset at the start of each fiscal year. So we've said, and you can see in our FY 2017 guidance that this OpEx variance will not be an ongoing aspect of our overall cost structure. In fact, we're right on plan in terms of our margin expansion program. On an apples-to-apples basis, even with the higher sales commission, if we were to simply adjust for subscription mix, our overall margin would have been approximately 27% in fiscal 2016, well on our way toward our goal of the low 30s. And as Andy will discuss in more detail later in the call, due to the acceleration of our subscription transition along with our commitment to OpEx discipline, our reported operating margins are expected to recover sooner than we had previously anticipated. You'll be pleased to hear that we now believe our operating margin trough from the subscription transition has already occurred in fiscal 2016 in the rearview mirror as opposed to the FY 2018 trough we had outlined at our Investor Day last year. In fiscal 2017, we expect that our reported operating margin will increase between 200 basis points and 300 basis points as the recovery from the trough starts. You can count on the fact that we remain committed to margin expansion and continue to see a path to non-GAAP operating margins in the low 30s once the business model fully normalizes from the transition. As it relates to our third key top-level initiative, which is our transition to a subscription model, the Q4 2016 mix of subscription bookings was, again, well ahead of our guidance. Looking back on the year, I have to say that our performance against our subscription transition plan was nothing short of amazing. I'll leave it to Andy to elaborate further on how our subscription program is evolving to the next level later in the call. To wrap it up on my part, we at PTC continue to focus on three levers that can drive significant shareholder value, top-line growth, profit expansion and the subscription transition. On the growth front, our momentum and market position in IoT highlight the tremendous opportunity in front of us, and we're encouraged by another quarter of improved execution in our core solutions business. On the margin expansion front, financial discipline remains one of our cornerstones as we drive toward non-GAAP margins in the low 30s post transition. And on the subscription front, fiscal 2016 was an exceptional start in our journey to transform our business model, ending far ahead of our original targets with plans to push more aggressively this coming year. While the global macroeconomic environment still remains challenging, particularly in the industrial segment, we remain focused on executing on these three levers that will drive substantial value for our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Please note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results unless otherwise specified. Bookings of $142 million were $21 million above the high end of guidance provided in July. On a year-over-year basis, bookings increased 34% in constant currency and 29% excluding Kepware. Excluding the SLM mega deal, which was not factored into our initial Q4 guidance, bookings still grew 15% constant currency. Subscription comprised 70% of total bookings versus our initial guidance of 46% and versus 20% in Q4 2015. Excluding the SLM mega deal, subscription mix of 65% was 19 percentage points above guidance. Subscription ACV in the quarter was $50 million, well ahead of our guidance of $25 million to $28 million, even after accounting for the SLM mega deal ACV of approximately $10 million. I would like to highlight that the strong subscription results in the quarter and for the full year contributed to a significant increase in our total deferred revenue, billed plus unbilled, which increased year-over-year by $185 million or 31% to $783 million as of the end of fiscal 2016. Subscription adoption trends were consistent with Q3, where we saw strong performance in every segment, every geography, and in both our direct and indirect channels. In our solutions business, SLM was 90% subscription; PLM, which in the low 70% range and CAD ticked up sequentially to the mid-50% range due to part to continued progress in our channel. In our direct business, subscription mix was 80% and excluding the SLM mega deal was 75%. And in the channel, subscription mix increased 600 basis points sequentially to 41%. Regionally, the Americas, Europe and Japan far outpaced the Pac Rim, where adoption trends continue to lag the other geos. Q4 subscription mix benefited from our support conversion program launched in Q1 and the incremental ACV from conversions drove a portion of our bookings over performance. In the fourth quarter, 33 customers, including some very large customers, converted their support contracts to subscription at an ACV uplift that averaged 42% above the prior annual support amount. As expected, the volume of conversions increased from Q3, driven by the timing of large customer support renewals and customer budget cycles. And you should expect quarterly variability as this program continues to ramp and mature. I'll remind you that we only include the incremental ACV in our bookings results, not the full contract value of the new subscription contract. Also, recall that our current long-term business model does not include any assumption that our large support revenue base transitions to subscription. So this represents upside to that model. Turning to the income statements, total fourth quarter revenue of $289 million was down $24 million year-over-year as reported. We estimate that the subscription mix negatively impacted total revenue by about $63 million compared to last year, and currency was a $2 million benefit. Adjusting for these two items, revenue would have grown by about $37 million or 5%. Compared to our guidance, we estimate that adjusting for the higher mix of subscription, our total revenue would have been approximately $324 million, which would have been well above the high end of our guidance of $310 million. On a reported basis, software revenue was down 10% year-over-year at constant currency, due to the higher mix of subscriptions. Excluding mix, software revenue would have increased 10% constant currency. Approximately 83% of Q4's software revenue was recurring, up from 69% a year ago. Operating expense in the third quarter of $183 million was above the high end of our guidance range due to higher sales commissions driven by over-performance on subscription and bookings. Q4 operating margin of 11% was below our guidance range of 19% to 20% and down from 28% last year due to the higher subscription mix. We estimate that adjusting for the higher mix compared to our guidance, operating margin would have been 20% at the high end of our range. And adjusting for year-over-year change in mix, operating margin would have been about 28% flat with last year despite the higher sales compensation expense. EPS of $0.20 was below guidance also due primarily to a higher subscription mix, which we estimate negatively impacted EPS by about $0.29, but also due to higher sales compensation expense. We would have beaten our high-end guidance by $0.08 at our guidance mix, with lower income taxes contributing $0.02, partially offsetting the higher sales commission expense. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and investments were down $12 million from Q3 2016 as we repaid $20 million of debt. We had operating cash flow in the quarter of $14 million and adjusted free cash flow of $9 million. FY 2016 adjusted free cash flow was $240 million above the high end of our full-year guidance. Now turning to guidance for fiscal 2017. Let me remind you of some of the general considerations that we've factored in. First, while we are pleased with our bookings performance this year, we attribute our performance to improved execution, our growth initiatives and our support conversion program, and remain cautious of the global macroeconomic environment. Second, while subscription results were very strong in 2016, it remains challenging to forecast the pace of our transition and the resulting impact to near-term reported financial results, especially in areas of our business where subscription adoption lagged in fiscal 2016, such as the channel and the Pac Rim. Third, our FX assumptions in our guidance assumed dollar to euro at $1.10, and yen to dollar at ¥104. With this in mind, for the full-year fiscal 2017, we expect bookings in the range of $400 million to $420 million, which represents 5% to 10% growth, excluding the SLM mega deal from 2016 results. It's important to note that while this $20 million SLM booking creates a tough comparison in FY 2017, unlike in a perpetual model, since this is a cloud subscription deal, it is a gift that should keep on giving and it does not create a tough revenue comparison. With an ACV of about $10 million, we expect this booking to produce $10 million of revenue annually for many years to come. Let me put FY 2017 bookings guidance in perspective. When compared to the long-term financial targets we laid out at last November's Investor Day, fiscal 2016 bookings were $66 million above the guidance in that model. And even excluding both Kepware and the SLM mega deal, 2016 bookings were more than $30 million or 9% ahead of that model. The bookings growth rate of 5% to 10% in our new 2017 guidance, excluding the SLM mega deal from 2016, is consistent with the growth rate we outlined last November for fiscal 2017. As a result, our new 2017 bookings guidance approximates the 2018 target in the long-term business model from last November. So not only are we more than a year ahead of our subscription target, we are also about a year ahead of our bookings target as well. From a subscription mix perspective, we are expecting fiscal 2017 mix to be approximately 65% for the full year, approaching the 70% mix we originally targeted to achieve in 2018. Note that this 65% mix assumption for 2017 compares to a full year mix of 54% in 2016, excluding the SLM mega deal. We continue to assess our subscription program and are now analyzing and exploring the phasing out of perpetual licenses within certain geographies and product segments where penetration is running in the 80% to 90% plus range, which we believe would drive the overall long-term subscription mix above our original steady state target of 70%. We will be sharing more details on our long-term target model in early November. But in the meantime for modeling purposes, we recommend using 85% for the average FY 2018 subscription mix, which is our new steady state target at this time. For fiscal 2017, we expect total revenue in the range of $1.19 billion to $1.21 billion, which represents 5% reported growth year-over-year at the midpoint. This includes subscription revenue growth of greater than 110% and recurring total software revenue growth of 12% year-over-year at the midpoint. We expect to increase our services margin by about 100 basis points and remain committed to a 20% services margin by fiscal 2018. Fiscal 2017 operating expenses are expected to be $680 million to $690 million, an increase of just 1% at the midpoint, reflecting our commitment to expense discipline and long-term margin expansion. Fiscal 2017 operating margin is expected to be between 17% and 18%, representing a 200 to 300 basis point improvement over fiscal 2016, and a reflection that the margin trough originally expected in fiscal 2018 has effectively been pulled forward by two years into 2016. On a mix-adjusted basis, we are targeting an operating margin improvement of about 100 basis points to about 28%. We are assuming a tax rate of 10% to 12% for the full year, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $1.20 to $1.35 per share, based upon about 116 million shares outstanding. We expect adjusted free cash flow between $170 million and $180 million, which includes: one, higher bonus payments in the first quarter of 2017 as compared to Q1 2016 when our FY 2015 bonus was not fully earned; two, increased debt interest payments of about $20 million; and three, a lower benefit from the collection of extended payment terms as the company eliminated extended payment terms at the start of last year with the introduction of subscription. In total, as compared to fiscal 2016, these items negatively impact 2017 free cash flow by about $70 million. Adjusted free cash flow excludes about $36 million of fiscal 2016 restructuring, expected to be paid out in early fiscal 2017, and about $3 million of litigation payments accrued in fiscal 2016. For the first quarter, we expect bookings in the range of $70 million to $80 million, which at the midpoint of guidance is 9% growth year-over-year. On the subscription front, we expect 55% of bookings will be subscription, with subscription ACV of $19 million to $22 million, an increase of 90% year-over-year at the midpoint of guidance. We expect total revenue in the range of $285 million to $290 million for Q1, including $54 million of subscription revenue, an increase of 143% year-over-year. We expect OpEx in the range of $169 million to $171 million and an operating margin of approximately 15% to 16%. We are assuming a tax rate of 10% to 12%, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $0.23 to $0.28 per share based upon approximately 117 million shares outstanding. One final note on our guidance, as you model bookings across fiscal 2017, you should expect growth in Q1 through Q3, but Q4 is likely to have lower bookings than Q4 2016 given the tough compare due to the SLM mega deal. Before we move to Q&A, I want to update you on our stock repurchase plans. Given the significant over-performance of our subscription transition in fiscal 2016, our operating profit and EBITDA were lower than in the past and lower than we had planned as we started the year. This resulted in a deferral of stock repurchases in fiscal 2016. Returning capital shareholders is a fundamental element of our capital strategy. And based on our current forecast, we intend to resume repurchases in the second half of fiscal 2017 when cash and our borrowing capacity return to more normal levels after exiting the subscription trough. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now open up the question-and-answer session. And our first question is from the line of Steve Koenig of Wedbush. Your line is open now.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Hi, Steve.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi. Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the quarter.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Thank you.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great. Maybe one question and one follow-up, if that's okay. Last time when I asked it, I think you all – it sounds like you'll have more detail on the long-term for us at your Analyst Day. Maybe the one thing I might ask you right now is can you give us any color on the contribution from maintenance conversions, either in the quarter or how to think about that on a full-year or long-term basis? What's a good way to think about that?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: So at this point, we've done 89 conversions this year, 33 in the fourth quarter. And we think that the first phase of this will play out over multiple years, and it's probably amongst the top 400 to 500 customers where we expect to continue to be able to get from 25% to more than 50% as we convert them from maintenance to subscription off of, frankly, a lower than market maintenance rate today. We're also analyzing the kind of the next group of customers that we could have an attractive subscription offer for so we can continue to run this play for many years to come. One thing that's interesting is more than 25% of the conversions are customers that frankly you wouldn't expect would have converted. They converted simply for the flexibility that they got by moving to subscription. They didn't have a huge – we didn't have a huge stick, for example, to help incent them to go ahead and convert. So that's interesting. But we're currently doing the analysis to look at – obviously, we have many years left to go to run the 400 to 500 customers, and we think there's an opportunity, frankly, at different levels of incremental ACV for much of our current 27,000 customers. And we're doing the work to analyze what that opportunity might be and what the offer might be that we could make even small customers potentially buying through the channel. So we're doing a lot of work on that. We clearly know how much we've booked from a subscription program. It's hard to say how much was incremental because if the reps weren't selling conversions, they hopefully would be selling something else. But it is a great incremental value. It is a great long-term model for the company, and it certainly is something that is starting to get traction primarily at this point in the Americas and Europe. We still have the rest of the world that a sales enablement enablement perspective.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Steve, if I could, just to give a completely different perspective on it, because I ask the same questions. I think our bookings growth was strong and we say, well, what are the primary factors and what are the secondary factors? I think the primary factor, of course, is what's going on in the macroeconomic world. And then secondarily, our own execution against that opportunity. So if you want to say what's the number one thing PTC did to drive pretty good year of bookings growth, we executed better. Now you drop down to the secondary factors and that's where you get pricing and discounting. We discounted less across the board on average. We did have this conversion factor, and we have this new cloud factor, which is a stream of bookings and revenue we used to not get when we were just selling perpetual on-premise licenses. So, again, I think the primary factors are what's the macroeconomic and our execution against it. And these secondary factors, there's a collection of them, one of which is the fact you're asking. But as Andy said, it's very hard to assign a quantitative number to that one factor, but it's definitely a tailwind that's good to have. And we'll be here for a while, by the way.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay, great. That's helpful. Maybe the one follow-up on that is any sense of the size of the maintenance, the average maintenance contract for those top 400 to 500 customers? And then, if I may, the follow-up I did want to ask as well was the guide for fiscal 2017, we had expected that because of the heavy commissions for subscriptions this year, there might be some pull-forward into Q4, say, from a Q1. And also any potential sales reorg in Q1 could be impactful. But your Q1 guide looks pretty good. How did you think about that when modeling it?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: So, two things. First off, we've said in the past that we think these largest customers probably represent about 40% of our maintenance base, but as I mentioned, we see opportunities much more broadly in our maintenance base. And on the second question, when we do our guidance, we do quite a bit of analytical work around historical close rates. Every way you cut it, the maturity of the deals in the pipeline, all that stuff, and we use that to come up with what our internal forecast is, which is our basis for the guidance. So, our guidance to you on bookings is always very quantitatively based looking at our sales funnel, frankly.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Right. We take the forecast. We do a lot of analytics against the pipeline to make sure that forecast is supported by the pipeline. We compare it to last year to a typical Q1 to – we triangulate – I'm not sure triangulate is the right word because there's more than three different angles on it, but we try to make sure it's a reasonable, safe number to put out there and the fact that it looks good, that's your determination. I think it's simply because that's what the data shows us.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Very good. Well, I appreciate the answers and congratulations again.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Ken Wong of Citi. Your line is open.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Hey, how's it going, guys?
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Good.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): So, first question, maybe as we think about the fiscal 2017 subscription mix of 65%, I mean, clearly last year you guys outperformed your initial target by 30 points there. How should we think about the level of conservatism you guys might have baked into that number? And I'm sure the range isn't going to be that wide, but what was the thinking here?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: So as always, we base our subscription mix assumption on what we see in the pipeline. We don't think there's – yeah, it's prudent to get out over the front of our skis. So we base it on what we see in our pipeline. Our comp plans are right now being – at this point being given to all of the sales reps. We continue to have differential compensation for subscription versus perpetual. In fact, frankly, the difference is a little bit bigger in FY 2017 than it was in FY 2016, so it favors subscription a bit more. In addition, the channel incentives favor subscription more than they did last year, so we're focused on both of those, and that we're basically going to give guidance based upon the data that we have.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah. Again, to give you a slightly different perspective on that. We can't likely outperform by 30%, again because that would mean we get all the way to 95%, which is virtually impossible. So we don't have as much runway to outperform as we did the past year. And then the other thing is, if you go back to the beginning of fiscal 2016, almost 100% of the pipe was perpetual. So there was a big skew to over-perform as these deals flipped to subscription; but if you look at the pipeline right now, there's a fair amount of subscription in it. So there's a factor here that we're starting from a baseline that's probably more accurate than we were working with last year, and with every passing quarter that should be increasingly true to the point where at some point, it'd be very difficult to outperform at all because we would be very far down the runway. But to Andy's point, we're using the same formula we used last year. That formula served us well. It is a conservative approach, but it worked well last year so we're sticking with it.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. That's perfectly fair. And then on OpEx, you guys are growing, I think you said, 1%. How should we think about the appropriate spend CAGR going forward? And did you get some benefit from the restructuring in 2017 and this ticks up higher in 2018? Or is 1% about the right run rate?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Well, what we're focused on is continually increasing that operating margin when you look at a mix adjusted operating margin by 100 basis points to 150 basis points on the way to a low-30s operating margin as we exit the transition. We definitely plan to go into this in more detail on November 8, where we'll kind of lay it out for you, how the subscription transition impacts this and what you can expect from both a reported and kind of a mix adjusted basis. In general what we said is that in the core business, last November we said the core business OpEx should grow in the low-single-digits and in the high growth technology platform group, our IoT business, it should grow at about half the rate of the bookings growth. And that will give us a very strong operating margin, double-digit revenue growth, and operating margins in the low-30s as we exit the subscription transition. Okay? So stay tuned for November 8, and we'll give you more specific guidance around that.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: And just to be clear, the 1% was in part because we're backing out this commission overspend, and we won't have that luxury every year. So, Andy's suggestion could be higher.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: So if we back out of last year's the commission overspend, then our growth rate would be around 3% in OpEx, which on a midpoint of our software revenue growth of 7%, mix adjusted. Our whole thing is that OpEx should grow much slower than the top line.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): That's always a good thing, and I'll let you guys save your thunder for November 8.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Hi. Hi, Sterling.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, you guys. So it seems like the stock saw some undue pressure due to the article that was in the Wall Street Journal. My takeaway from reading it was an implication that just the subscription transition is just a way of hiding a bad business or a business that's getting worse, anything that you can specifically point out relative to how the article was written versus the reality of what you're seeing in the metrics?
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah. I thought somebody might ask about that article, so I have a copy of it sitting in front of me here. You know the premise of the article is that we are obscuring weakness. In fact, the first sentence of the second paragraph says we're putting a shine on a gloomy situation. And I just told you guys we had a fantastic quarter to wrap up a fantastic year. And between Andy and I, we told you we're ahead of our long-term plan on growth. We're right on plan, maybe even ahead on operating margin because we're going to fix this commission program that cost us a couple points last year. And we're well ahead on our subscription conversions. So if you believe that this business model creates long-term value for shareholders, and I think you do, then there's nothing gloomy about it. So I think it's just a case where, unfortunately, the reporter probably doesn't accurately understand what's going on here. She did not talk to us. I think she talked to a few of you, but maybe didn't agree with what you told her, I don't know. But she took a position that because revenue and therefore earnings are going down and EPS is going down, it's a bad situation. I think on the other hand we were clear from day one that that would happen. She says it's hard to compare the new model to the old model, and I think that many of you have told me how much you appreciate all the transparency, the bridges we give you, the fact that we report it out in our – in great detail in our prepared remarks, take you across the bridge. What if the mix was as guided? What if the mix was like last year? Of course, we do that with currency as well. So I don't know, I think it's an unfortunate article written by somebody who didn't spend enough time really understanding the fundamentals of what we're all talking about here. And I know, Andy, you've got sort of a long list. Hopefully, you can just give a few highlights.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yeah.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: And some of the points.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yeah. So you just heard us talk about our bookings performance, full year bookings grew 18% in constant currency, 14% organically. Clearly, in a software business your license bookings growth is the most important driver there. While reported revenue is down, our mix-adjusted software revenue for the year grew 13%, so it's double-digit constant currency. The operating margins and EPS reported were down, but mix adjusted we're at a 27% operating margin for the year, well on our way to the low-30s. Our OpEx is tightly controlled. You can tell that by looking at the guidance for next year, 1% growth at the midpoint. 1% growth at the high end of our OpEx guidance actually, still only 1% growth. And a couple other things that you guys know that one of the hypotheses in the article was frankly that a subscription model is riskier because we're selling one to three-year terms and breakeven with the perpetual is at four years, completely ignoring our 30-year history with customers of sticky software, our very high maintenance renewal rate, and frankly ignoring just the standard subscription license renewal rate in the industry that's higher than maintenance renewal rates even. And I think probably the only other thing is the author did have a question on, are we really creating value because our deferred revenue on the balance sheet wasn't increasing the way she had expected, ignoring the fact that there's something called unbilled deferred revenue, which we shared with you today and that has grown 31%, $185 million from last year to almost $800 million, $783 million of total deferred revenue, up from under $600 million. So she didn't know that fact but if she'd waited until we reported it, she would have found that out. And the other thing is I want to make sure you guys are clear, that high deferred revenue balance, billed and unbilled, is not due to duration of contracts. It's not like we're selling five-year contracts and putting five years into the unbilled deferred revenue. RPB, which we outlined this on our prepared remarks today, RPB of two actually is equivalent to our weighted average contract length for subscription contracts during fiscal 2016. It ended up being two years on average. So you only have basically one year of subscription in the unbilled deferred. So anyway, none of the facts necessarily support her hypothesis, and I think it's hard to understand a subscription transition. All of you put a lot of time into it and you can't really get there unless you do put the time into it.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. No, I really appreciate that. And then just last follow-up question, I didn't quite catch if you said, looking at the Pac Rim, how much of what you're seeing in Pac Rim is just a multiplied perpetual versus what's happening on the macro side?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: You mean?
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Mix.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: The mix? I think it's sales enablement. I think that's the primary thing, so the Pac Rim did improve. It still lags significantly.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah, the bookings number in the Pac Rim was not...
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Was fine.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Was a fine number.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yeah. We had fine bookings. I'm talking the subscription mix.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: The subscription mix is at about 30% right now in the Pac Rim. So it did improve by about 600 basis points, but it's moving slowly there and I think it's fundamentally a sales enablement.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah. Let's not call it a problem though because we're actually ahead of plan.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Absolutely.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: So the Pac Rim is behind other regions but completed the year ahead of plan, so that's just not a problem. It's just we didn't get as dramatic of over-performance there as we did elsewhere, but that's okay. We didn't expect we would.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yeah. And by the way, there are a couple of things. I'll give you a couple of other subscription metrics that are interesting. Our large deals in the fourth quarter, so the deals that are over $1 million, over 90% subscription mix in the large deals. While the total channel's at 41%, in the Americas they're at 59% in the channel in the fourth quarter. So the channel's definitely making progress, especially in the Americas.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah, actually, if I could add a little bit of color on that, a couple weeks ago we had our sales kickoff as we frequently do in the first month of the new fiscal year. And this time we invited quite a number of channel partners, so just doing social times and whatnot and I had a chance to talk to many of them one on one. And I always asked them, what do you think about this subscription model. And everyone I talked to said, at the beginning of the year we were pretty skeptical, but wrapping up the year, we love it, because it's allowed us to go after transactions that were just undoable in the perpetual model. A customer has a project; the project is going to run for a year and a half, but they know that they got to use the software for four years to justify a perpetual purchase. But in the subscription, I could subscribe to it for a while and if I don't need it anymore, I'll just terminate the subscription. So that's an example of a transaction we simply would not have gotten. Another example was a small company might have tried to use fewer seats in multiple shifts during a high peak workload. And now they say, no, no, no, let's just subscribe to a few more, and we'll get the project done during the day, which you all prefer as employees and everybody would be happy. So I was actually very surprised, and these were global channel partners, but I was very surprised with the bullishness. They were surprised, actually, by how well this worked for them. So I certainly feel pretty good right now about our ability to drive the channel to high levels of subscription. It's just we didn't focus first on them, we focused first on the direct guys that we have more direct control over.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, guys.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you, Sterling.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And our next question is from the line of Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Hi, Matt.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. How are you?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Great. Good.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Good.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So follow up to an earlier question as it pertains to maintenance or legacy license and maintenance contracts switching over to subscription. When you look at fiscal 2017, is there a way to think of the relative size of some of these VPAs or larger deals up for renewal in 2017 versus 2016? I mean, maybe even just generically, are there more, is it less, the same?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Well, we have roughly the same amount of VPAs. It's actually just a little bit more in 2017 than we did in 2016 that are up for it. We did see though, in this year, that some of our customers couldn't make the decision to convert fast enough, so they took a year at a much higher maintenance rate. And so we will go back to them again next year. So we actually have a number of customers from this year that we can go back to and try to convert them again next year. So if you look at that, there was probably a larger pool.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's great. That's helpful.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: By the way, I want to remind you that in our long-term business model, these conversions are not in there.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Correct. No, yeah, no, that's helpful, too. And then in your prepared remarks, you talked about potentially phasing out some license options for, I think, you said, particular products in geos. I'm wondering if you could: A, give us a little bit more color or your thoughts around that. And have you seen enough? Are we closer to a reality where a license option could be eliminated for all products and all geos at some point in the future?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: So we're in the midst of the analysis. I think we'll probably internally have a review and a recommendation to look out within the next four to six weeks. We're doing a lot of work on this. It's not a trivial decision. So I think within the next four to six weeks internally, we'll be able to make a decision around it. And frankly, then of course, you have to give appropriate customer notification, which is a lengthy period of time. So I say the underlying premise that we have is that there's an 80/20 rule for everything. And so, that last 20%, if it's a lot of transactions, it's probably costing you a lot to have it. So it makes sense to kind of get over the hump with that. Of course, we'll have to look at all of our products in all of our markets and do something that is proven it makes sense, but we are seeing that it's getting to the point where we'll be making a decision sometime in the coming months, and then we'll let you know about it.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah. And in the meantime, we've been experimenting with a couple of ideas. For example, this Navigate product is only sold on subscription. There's no price book to buy at perpetual and it's selling like hot cakes. So that gets every customers' interest in that product into a frame of mind that, okay, now I'm buying subscription, why not just switch? So, there's some experimentation happening that we're pleased with.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Congrats on the quarter again, guys. Thanks.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Thanks, Matt.
Tim Fox - PTC, Inc.: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Saket Kalia of Barclays. Your line is open.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Hi, Saket.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. How are you?
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Good.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Good.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. So, one question and one follow-up, just maybe first for Andy. So first off, thanks for that normalized kind of 2017 bookings guide. Can you just talk about whether the tech platform business, so IoT, can reaccelerate once we lap some of those tough perpetual comps? And then if we think about sort of the longer-term model, if that business can drive acceleration in total bookings in 2018, which is I think what your original model anticipated.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: So we did see a reacceleration in the fourth quarter where there was only one large deal, which actually was the ColdLight deal to one of their customers in a market that we don't play in from pre-acquisition that we closed. But even without that we had high-20s bookings growth in TPG and that was against a deal, that deal was almost $3 million, so just reaccelerations.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: And just if I could add, that's now, we're largely round tripped on that because we really did not sell ThingWorx in a perpetual mode. Maybe a few small exceptions in 2017. So you won't find big perpetual deals to comp against when you're looking at – I'm sorry, 2017 versus 2016 because we did not do them in 2016, whereas we did do them in 2015.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yeah.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: And then the second part?
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And the second part is the premise I think back in November of last year was that that tech platform business, because it's growing so much faster, can drive an acceleration in total bookings in 2018. So, of course, things have changed around a little bit, but is that sort of how you're still thinking conceptually?
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yeah. So the 2018 model that we laid out for you had the solutions business growing at market rates, 6% basically. And the TPG growing in the 30s. So I think it had 34% CAGR from 2015 through 2021, with it coming down a little bit each year. So we'll update that in November 8, but yeah, we definitely see the high growth as it scales at high growth rates along with the solutions business growing at the market rate, which it grew faster than the market rate in FY 2016. We see that together definitely driving double-digit revenue growth as we exit the subscription transition. So there's no change there. We tried to put through a plan that was pretty balanced, and didn't take us to having to jump over a 20-foot wall to get to it. And...
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Well, I mean, in fact...
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: But we did.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: We did that this year.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yeah.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: We actually did that this year.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yeah.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: So you know, we're feeling pretty good about the fact that we should be able to do it a couple years from now because we actually did it this year well ahead of schedule, more or less on that recipe.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: Yeah.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: And you could look at our bookings guidance for next year. At the high end, it's a 10% bookings guidance growth rate. And we're still being cautious around the solutions business while all the improved execution that we've seen, we believe that flywheel is starting to turn and we're starting to see the outcomes, but we aren't declaring victory yet.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, Andy, if I could just elaborate a little bit on that $20 million booking that we had in Q4, that's a deal we had worked on for some time and just didn't know exactly when it was going to close. I actually wished it would have closed in October because if you think about it that one deal represented 5% annualized bookings growth in one deal. And had the deal not happened, we would still have a good Q4. We would still have a pretty good FY 2016, and we'd be looking at 5% to 10% bookings. As it was, it happened in Q4, which takes us down from 5% to 10% down to 0% to 5%. Had it rolled forward three business days, we'd be talking about 10% to 15% bookings. So I mean, we're really – we're in a good place and let's not let one big deal kind of – depending upon where it lands, then sour our perspective of something going forward because we gave you it many times in our discussion. You back that deal out and everything still looks pretty darn good. So that's the perspective we've taken.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, absolutely. No, totally agreed and I think that's the right way to look at it. Maybe for just a quick follow-up just kind off of Matt's question earlier, so we talked about the possibility of phasing out perpetual, of course, probably with a long tail. But, Jim, the question for you is, can you just talk about how that potential change would affect you competitively with the Dassaults and the Siemens out there still selling perpetual. How do you think going to a subscription only or some form of subscription only in some markets would affect you competitively? Thanks.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Saket. I mean, I really don't think it would affect us because on one hand our customers in our upfront analysis, majority of them told us they'd rather buy that way. We then have really positive reinforcement because they are buying that way. We have Autodesk out there a couple steps ahead of us already eliminating perpetual. So I think that this is a model where our customers no matter where they turn in terms of their software providers, everybody wants to talk subscription. And I think there's – they can't actually hold out in the area of CAD and PLM because they're knuckling under as it relates to ERP and CRM and marketing automation and this, that and the other thing. So I think they're just sort of agreeing we'll go that way. And I think that's one of the factors we may be underestimated when we thought about what would happen last year. I think we were surprised a little bit by how easy it was to sell subscription because we actually expected more resistance than we ran into. So I don't really think it's going to be a factor and SolidWorks announced they're doing the same thing and so forth. So it's just the way the industry is going now.
Andrew D. Miller - PTC, Inc.: And I think at this point we have a lot of data points to show that we're winning with our subscription offer. I mean, we're competing competitively – we're competitive in many of the deals, especially the large deals, and 90% of them were subscription.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks guys.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks, Saket.
Operator: Thank you. At this point we're wrapping up the question-and-answer session. I'll be turning the call over back to Tim Fox. Please go ahead. Thank you.
Tim Fox - PTC, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Kate, and I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the call. As Andy stole my thunder a little bit earlier, the one programming note is that we're going to be hosting that webcast on November 11. It will be at 11:00 Eastern Time. November 8, sorry, at 11:00. And look for details over the coming days on the details. We look forward to join us on that call. If not, we'll update you on our Q1 call in January. And with that, I'd like to toss it back to Jim.
James E. Heppelmann - PTC, Inc.: Yeah. I just wanted to say thank you to all of you for your support. I mean, we really feel good about the business. I'm looking at Barry here and the way we've changed the strategy and the strategic positioning of the company and the way we've pivoted into IoT and analytics in a way that's very supportive of the core business, it's really just phenomenal. I think about how we're changing the business model and I'm looking at Andy here and the progress we're making on discounting and business model and cost containment, margin expansion, it's really phenomenal. The one problem I had a year ago was execution in the core business and Craig isn't in the room with us here, but, my God, that man has made such a difference in terms of improving our execution. He's like General Patton walking all us here and things get done and they get done well and we've seen the results. So, I'm very pleased with the progress the company's made in the last year. It's really been a phenomenal year. I'm sorry the Wall Street Journal didn't see it that way, but I'm pretty confident that all of you here in the call do, and I certainly appreciate your support. Thank you and have a good evening. Bye-bye.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-07-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox - Vice President-Investor Relations James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc. Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Ed Maguire - CLSA Americas LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the PTC 2016 Third Quarter Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be on listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Chris, and welcome to PTC's 2016 third quarter conference call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the call will be open for questions. Today on the call, we have Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Cohen, EVP of Strategy. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast, and a replay of the call will be available later today on our Investor Relations website. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found on PTC's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call, are valid only today, July 20, 2016. PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and all measures discussed are non-GAAP unless otherwise noted. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most direct comparable measures can be found in today's press release, made available on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to PTC's CEO, Jim Heppelmann.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Let me begin with a brief review of the third quarter. Q3 was another strong quarter as we executed well across our key operating and strategic objectives. Bookings of $105 million were $5 million above the high end of our guidance range, and we delivered a subscription mix of 58%, which was 10 percentage points higher than the guidance target for the quarter. We will provide additional details on our subscription transition throughout the call, but our program is clearly gaining further traction and, based on our updated guidance, we are now tracking more than a full year ahead of our plan. Given the upside we delivered this quarter on subscription mix, our reported revenue and EPS were below our guidance range because we deferred more licensed revenue into future quarters than we had projected in our guidance. However, the long-term value that the subscription model yields for our business, and for our shareholders, far outweighs the short-term optics in our reported results. To summarize our progress this past quarter, I'll frame my discussion around the three key initiatives that we're focused on to maximize long-term shareholder value. As a reminder, they are, first, to increase our top line growth; second, to continue our margin expansion; and, third, to convert to a subscription business model. I'll start with growth. Q3 was a strong bookings quarter with year-over-year growth greater than 30% and sequential growth of over 20%. Our IoT business delivered very strong results with bookings up 50% sequentially from Q2, as we saw a number of larger expansion deals with existing customers from both our direct sales channel and from our growing partner ecosystem. Year-over-year, our reported IoT growth was driven primarily by Kepware, which we acquired early in Q2 of this year. Excluding Kepware, results were relatively flat, but I'll remind you that we had three very large perpetual deals last Q3, totaling over $9 million in bookings. Excluding these three large deals, IoT saw significant growth in bookings and transaction count, both from our direct customers and from our partner ecosystem. Again this quarter, we continued to make progress with our Industry 4.0 Smart Manufacturing strategy and, together with a partner, landed a significant Q3 expansion with one of the world's largest multinational consumer goods manufacturers, who will be using a ThingWorx-based solution to drive their smart factory strategy. Kepware, our market-leading industrial connectivity solution, delivered solid results in Q3, and we see significant cross-sell opportunities as we help organizations optimize critical manufacturing processes. We landed 63 new ThingWorx logos in the quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to 194. As we discussed last quarter, we'll continue to update you on this new logo metric as is currently defined through the balance of the fiscal year. But at that point, the metric may need to be remodeled because it does not accurately reflect the new way we engage accounts via the premium program that we recently put in place. In addition to our strong IoT operating performance in Q3, our thought leadership and momentum in this exciting growth market was on full display at LiveWorx event in early June. We believe LiveWorx has become the preeminent event in the connected world. Live attendance doubled from 2015 event and, including those who joined the live stream, we had over 9,000 participants during the week, including 350 attendees at our Partner Summit. We featured numerous live customer examples showing how augmented reality, IoT, and machine learning, coupled with CAD and PLM and SLM, promise to completely change the way we will interact with things in the future. We leveraged LiveWorx to launch a number of exciting and, in many respects, groundbreaking technologies that show how we're marrying our core solutions with our ThingWorx and Vuforia technology platforms. Let me take a moment to highlight a few of these new solutions. First, we introduced Vuforia Studio Enterprise, a powerful new tool for authoring and publishing augmented reality experiences. Vuforia Studio leverages our AR platform, our CAD visualization and illustration software and the ThingWorx IoT platform, to enable users to author augmented and virtual reality experiences, such as machine dashboards or technical service instructions without writing any code. Our timing on AR is great because just as Pokémon GO has captured consumer attention, ARVR is becoming one of the most exciting, new and growing tech sectors for the enterprise. Vuforia Studio really stole the show at LiveWorx. Subsequently, or more recently, the industry analyst firm, Blue Hill Research, published a report about Pokémon GO last week that claimed, this is a generational introduction to the true potential of augmented reality and the experiences associated with interacting with one's environment. The report went on to say that PTC is the key arms and platform dealer of augmented reality in the enterprise, and then added that, as odd as it sounds, Vuforia has to be seen as the leading platform for Pokémonifying new business. It was a fun report, and I've asked Tim to put a copy of it on our Investor Relations website or a link to it. Clearly, we're excited to have such a strong position in this exploding market opportunity. Coming back to LiveWorx, we also introduced new connected service solutions, including PTC Remote Services and Connected Services Parts Management, both of which leveraged the ThingWorx platform. PTC Remote Service enables services support technicians to remotely identify, diagnose and resolve issues while continuously monitoring key performance parameters in connected equipment. PTC Connected Service Parts Management enables service organizations to utilize data directly from connected assets to accurately forecast and plan service parts demand, improve service levels, increase uptime, and improve service profitability due to lower spare parts inventories. We believe these out-of-the-box SLM applications will help companies move faster to leverage IoT to transform their service models, generating significant value for both their internal operations and their customers. The growth opportunity and the results in the new business are exciting, but you will remember, we're also strongly focused on improving execution in our traditional solutions business. The early results of these efforts, with particular focus on go-to-market activities, to help drive solid Q2 bookings performance, continued again in Q3, with bookings up over 30% year-over-year and mid-teens sequentially. Craig Hayman and his team are adding rigor to our sales and marketing management while driving our subscription transition, our support conversion program, and our pricing and discounting initiatives. We believe our strong Q3 results in the core business are another promising indicator that these efforts are really starting to show results. Let me turn now to our second top level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is to further increase our margins. In Q3 of 2016, our operating expenses were above the high end of our guidance range. This was due primarily to higher sales incentive compensation, driven by tremendous over performance on our key strategic objective of becoming a subscription company, as well as higher overall bookings performance. With the progress we're making on the subscription transition, we made a deliberate decision not to modify our sales commission plans midyear as we don't want to risk impacting our momentum. However, our sales incentive compensation plans and targets are reset at the start of each fiscal year, so this OpEx variance will not be an ongoing aspect of our overall cost structure. On an apples-to-apples basis, where we adjust for subscription mix differences, even with the higher sales commissions, our operating margin would be flat with last year. You can count on the fact that we remain committed to margin expansion and continue to see a path to non-GAAP operating margins in the low 30s% once the business model fully normalizes from the transition. Our third key top level initiative is a transition to subscription. In Q3 of 2016, the mix of subscription bookings was again well ahead of our guidance. Andy will elaborate further on the subscription mix in a minute but let me reiterate my earlier observation that, based on a revised FY 2016 guidance of 48% subscription mix for the year, we're now on pace to beat our prior FY 2017 target a full year early. Wrap up, we at PTC continue to focus on three levers that can drive significant shareholder value, top line growth, profit expansion and the subscription transition. On the growth front, we remain committed to winning in the new technology platform business, and we're encouraged by another quarter of improved execution in the core solutions business. On the margin expansion front, financial discipline will remain one of our cornerstones as we drive toward non-GAAP operating margins in the low 30s% post-transition. And on the subscription front, we're off to an exceptional start in the first three quarters of FY 2016, well ahead of our original transition plan and aggressively pushing forward. With these three levers, I'm pretty confident that we are well positioned to drive substantial value for our shareholders. And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Andy Miller, our Chief Financial Officer.
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Please note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results unless otherwise specified. Bookings of $105 million were $5 million above the high end of guidance. We believe the upside was again driven by improved go-to-market execution and contribution from our support conversion program. Timing helped as well with a few deals closing earlier than forecasted. On a year-over-year basis, bookings increased 31% in constant currency, and 25% excluding Kepware. Subscription comprised 58% of total bookings versus our guidance of 48% and versus 60% in Q3 2015. Subscription ACV in the quarter was $30 million, well ahead of our guidance of $22 million to $24 million. Subscription adoption trends were consistent with Q2 where we saw a strong performance in every segment, every geography, and in both our direct and indirect channels. In our solutions business, PLM and SLM continues to lead the pack in the 55% to 70% mix range but CAD is quickly closing the gap with 50% mix in Q3, due in part to continued progress in our channel. In our direct business, subscription mix was in the high 60% range and in the channel, subscription mix was in the mid 30% range. Regionally, the Americas, Europe and Japan far outpaced the Pac Rim where sales enablement activity is still in the early stages. Q3 subscription performance benefited from our support conversion program that we launched in Q1. Again this quarter, the incremental ACV from conversions drove a portion of our over-performance. In the third quarter, 19 customers, including some very large customers converted their support contracts to subscription and an ACV uplift that continues to generally range from 25% to more than 50% above the prior annual support amount, although this quarter in total it averaged near the higher end of that range. The volume of conversions ticked down modestly from Q2, driven by the timing of large customer support renewals and customer budget cycles. However, the incremental ACV this quarter in dollars was about the same as last quarter. You should expect quarterly variability as this program continues to ramp and mature. And even if a customer chooses not to convert at the present time, we are focused on appropriately monetizing our relationship with that customer. For example, this past quarter we had four customers defer converting yet, because they had below-market support rates, we renewed their support for the upcoming year at market rates, which were about 25% higher than they had been paying. I'll remind you that our current long-term business model does not include any assumption that our large support revenue base transitions to subscription, so this clearly represents upside to our long-term business model. And we expect this could be something that plays out over multiple years. Turning to the income statement, total third quarter revenue of $290 million was down $14 million year-over-year as reported. We estimate that subscription mix negatively impacted total revenue by about $38 million compared to last year, and professional services were down about $3 million as we continue to execute our strategy to transition certain engagements to our partner ecosystem. Adjusting for these two items, revenue would have grown by about $26 million, including about $6 million from Kepware. Compared to our guidance, we estimate that adjusting for the higher mix of subscription, our total revenue would have been approximately $301 million which would have been above the high end of our guidance. On a reported basis, software revenue was down 4% year-over-year due to the higher mix of subscriptions. Excluding mix, software revenue would have increased 11%, with currency contributing less than 1%. Approximately 81% of our Q3 software revenue was recurring, up from 73% a year ago. Annualized recurring revenue or ARR was approximately $780 million which grew 6% compared to Q3 2015 and 5% sequentially. Clearly, this growth in recurring software revenue represents a very positive trend in our business and will drive cash flow in subsequent quarters. Operating expense in the third quarter of $175 million was above the high end of our guidance range, due primarily to higher sales commissions, driven by over-performance on subscription and on total bookings. Q3 operating margin of 14% was below our guidance range of 16% to 17% and down from Q3 last year due to the higher subscription mix. We estimate that adjusting for the higher subscription mix compared to our guidance, operating margin would have been 17%, at the high end of our range. And adjusting for the year-over-year change in subscription mix, operating margin would have been flat with last year at 25.5% despite the sales compensation headwinds in the quarter. EPS of $0.26 was below guidance, also due primarily to a higher subscription mix which we estimate negatively impacted EPS by about $0.09. We would have beaten our high end by $0.02 at our guidance mix, with lower income taxes contributing about $0.01. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and investments were down $29 million from Q2 2016, as we repaid $60 million of debt and made acquisition earn-out payments of about $9 million. We had strong adjusted operating cash flow in the quarter of $67 million and adjusted free cash flow of $60 million. Year-to-date, adjusted free cash flow is $231 million which exceeds the high end of our full year guidance of $225 million. Now turning to Q4 guidance, let me remind you of some of the general considerations that we factored in. First, while we are pleased with our continued solid bookings performance this year, we attribute our performance primarily to improved execution and our support conversion program and remain cautious of the global macroeconomic environment. We also acknowledge that the recent Brexit vote has created political and economic uncertainty for the UK that could potentially impact the broader Eurozone. While our direct UK revenue exposure is in the low-single digit as a percentage of total revenue, and we don't believe that we've experienced any impacts from Brexit on our business thus far, we think it's prudent to remain cautious on the overall macroeconomic backdrop. Second, while subscription results have been very strong year to date, we are only three quarters into our subscription transition program, and it is still new to much of our sales force. And thus it is challenging to forecast the rate of customer adoption, the pace of our transition and the overall impact to near-term reported financial results. Third, our guidance assumes current foreign currency exchange rates. With this in mind, we now expect bookings in the range of $370 million to $380 million for fiscal 2016. This is up $8 million from our guidance last quarter at the mid-point and $3 million at the high end due to better performance. To put this updated guidance in perspective, I will remind you that when we started the year, our constant currency bookings guidance called for flattish growth versus FY 2015, as we built caution into our guidance to account for possible disruption for the last fall's reorganization and the difficult macroenvironment. At the midpoint of our current FY 2016 bookings guidance of $375 million, growth is now approximately 6% constant currency, excluding Kepware bookings this year, reflecting improvements in our operational execution. We expect to exit the first year of our multiyear strategic financial model with bookings exceeding the plan we shared with you last November. On the subscription front, we now expect 48% of our full year bookings will be subscription versus our guidance last quarter of 44%. It means we expect to exceed our FY 2017 goal in FY 2016. We expect subscription ACV of $90 million to $92 million. This is up $10 million from the midpoint of our guidance last quarter, and this is double our initial ACV guidance we gave at the start of the year. We expect total revenue in the range of $1.16 billion to $1.165 billion for FY 2016. This is down from our prior guidance due to the higher mix of subscription bookings. We continue to expect an increase in our services margin by about 130 basis points to 16% and remain committed to a 20% services margin by FY 2018. FY 2016 operating expenses are expected to be $667 million to $669 million, an increase of $8 million at the midpoint to reflect higher incentive compensation, as we continue to drive the accelerated pace of our subscription transition this year and to reflect the higher bookings guidance. As Jim noted earlier, these costs are not part of our ongoing cost structure, and we will design our compensation plans and business targets for FY 2017 accordingly. With the higher mix of subscription and operating expense, we are now guiding to an operating margin of approximately 17% versus our previous guidance of 18% to 19%. It's important to note that based on our updated bookings guidance for the year, have we maintained our previous subscription mix assumptions for the back half of fiscal year, our revenue guidance would have exceeded our previous targets and our non-GAAP EPS guidance would have been in line with our previous targets despite increased sales commissions. We are now assuming a tax rate of 7% to 8% for the full year, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $1.36 to $1.41 per share based upon about 115 million shares outstanding. We now expect adjusted free cash flow between $236 million and $239 million which, at the midpoint, is approximately $13 million above the high end of our original guidance, and for Q4 assumes breakeven free cash flow and modestly positive adjusted free cash flow. In Q4, adjusted free cash flow excludes restructuring payments of $5 million to $8 million. Q4 reflects the typical seasonality of billings and cash flows in our support business. For the fourth quarter, we expect bookings in the range of $111 million to $121 million with about 46% subscription mix. This represents 7% to 17% constant currency bookings growth off of a very strong Q4 last year, with Kepware representing about 500 basis points of that growth. By the way, for the second half of FY 2016, our guidance implies constant currency bookings growth of 17% to 23% over last year, with Kepware representing about 600 basis points of that growth. We expect total revenue in the range of $305 million to $310 million for Q4. We expect OpEx in the range of $170 million to $172 million and an operating margin of approximately 19% to 20%. We're assuming a tax rate of 8% to 10%, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $0.36 to $0.41 per share based upon approximately 116 million shares outstanding. Before we move to Q&A, I want to update you on our stock repurchase plans. Given the significant over-performance of our subscription transition this year and our outlook for the increased mix shift going forward next year, our operating profit and EBITDA are lower than in the past and lower than we had planned as we started FY 2016. The more rapid the transition to subscription, the deeper the profit and EBITDA trough but also the more rapid the recovery. Our debt covenants restrict our borrowing capacity based upon our EBITDA. A simple rule of thumb is that $1 less EBITDA equates to about $4 less borrowing capacity. As a result, we believe it's prudent at this time to defer stock buybacks given the strong momentum of our subscription adoption. I want to stress that this is just a deferral and because returning capital to shareholders is a fundamental element of our capital strategy, we fully intend to resume buybacks at the appropriate time when cash, free cash flow and our borrowing capacity return to more normal levels as we begin to exit the subscription trough. As we complete our FY 2017 business planning over the next two months, we will have a better view of our subscription mix by quarter next year and we should then be able to update you on when we expect to resume our stock buybacks. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator instruction] Thank you. Our first question comes from Matt Hedberg, RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hello, Matt.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Congrats. Well done this quarter. It's great to see the momentum here. One point on the guidance and I know, Andy, you talked about increased -potentially some macro uncertainty out there. I believe you just beat your license subscription bookings metrics by about $10 million this quarter. I think you raised the full year by $8 million. Is the delta there more of that uncertainty, or is it potentially more license revenue in Q4? Just maybe little bit of color on that.
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's really the timing. We based – our view of Q4 didn't really change from our view of Q4 last quarter, small amount of bookings that moved from Q4 into Q3. So the over-performance for the full year is very much based upon strong performance in Q3. But we also felt strong enough about our forecast for the fourth quarter that we pulled the bottom end of the range substantially.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And then, Jim, at LiveWorx, one of the things that I think we get asked from a lot of investors is the CAD base. Is there innovation coming, stabilization in that base? And there's talk about a cloud version of Creo or CAD, talk a little bit more about the expectations about the timing of that, and maybe how feature-rich that is versus an on-prem offering?
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think the cloud-based CAD will come in some phases. Some early phases involve repositioning the product largely in its current form but served through a cloud SaaS model. And then subsequent to that, we're likely to go into some deeper phases where we do more fulsome remodeling of the architecture to fully optimize it for the cloud. So I think you're going to see us take some steps that allow somebody to purchase Creo, sort of, as it now in a cloud SaaS model. And then I think you'll see the product evolve from there in more significant ways that represents something a little bit more to re-think. But that will be an option. We're not going to take it off the market in its current form. We got a lot of customers who quite frankly use it on-premise and like it that way. So this for us will be an optional way to deliver the power of Creo.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So, you see it as more incremental to the base rather than potentially a cannibalistic product?
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, yeah. We're definitely not trying to flip the base to cloud. If some of them want to go there, absolutely. I think what we see is an incremental opportunity to do a better job participating in the low end with different pricing schemes, different delivery schemes, quite frankly, digital marketing schemes, things like that, that have kind of not really been in our playbook here today. So I think this means we run the CAD business as we know it and we'd pursue an incremental opportunity enabled by a different technological delivery and go-to-market model.
Matthew George Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saket Kalia. Your line is now open.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hello, Saket.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. And thanks for taking my questions. First one for Andy. Andy, another nice quarter in terms of growth in the subscription mix. The guide for next quarter is for that mix to go down which, I guess, implies a higher pipeline of perpetual contracts. Could just maybe talk about the likelihood that some of those might opt for subscription instead. Presumably these are – in the fourth quarter, some of these are coming from larger customers. What has that conversation been like as larger customers kind of think about perpetual versus subscription?
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, clearly, the sales force will try to move them from perpetual to subscription. Some of those large customers have CapEx budgets, they've already planned it this way, and it may not be possible; others, we've been successful. We based our guidance on what we see in the pipeline as we start the quarter and so that's basically our assumption. And of course Q4 typically has the greatest number of large deals. And so the fact that more would be perpetual certainly is a reasonable outcome despite how hard we push, given the fact our large customers really may not have had time to adjust how they can buy during this particular cycle. The one thing that I'm happy to share is that the large deals we had last quarter in Q3, we had a big uptick on that compared to a year ago, three-fourths of them ended up going subscription.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And Saket, I might just add for some color here. I kind of remember having similar conversations 90 days and 180 days ago. But the thing to remember is that our sales cycles aren't short, so all of these opportunities started some time ago as perpetual. That's kind of the buying understanding we had with our customers for years; in some cases, decades. So the sales guys are working hard to flip these things to a subscription because, amongst other things, they make better compensation as you've heard. But we don't know if they'll succeed or not. So we go back to the data we have on our Salesforce.com system and that's what we have to work with. I think anything above that is just sort of a shot in the dark and we hope to exceed it but we're going to go with the data we have and hope it's a number we can beat.
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The one thing I'll remind you is we actually only have three quarters of really having a full force subscription program. So we, for example, recently did a deep dive by product, by geo, by channel, looking at what percentage of the deals have been subscription one quarter in a row, two quarters a row in each of those cuts. And it looks great when you see lots of parts of the business that are predominately subscription two quarters in a row but then you have to step back and realize it's only two quarters. So it's just moved very, very quickly, which we're pleased with. But we need to be prudent on our expectations of how this goes.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Sure. Makes sense. And for my follow-up, maybe more for you, Jim. Jim, could you just maybe talk about some of the market development that you've done around IoT around the freemium model and maybe embedding some of that capability into Windchill 11? I guess maybe more specifically, what tools are customers getting a taste of through that freemium model or through Version 11? And then what's the carrot that you can offer them to use ThingWorx in a bigger way?
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Well, on the market development side, we now have a combination. We have a freemium developer site where you can gain access to ThingWorx, download ThingWorx, start creating some apps, try it out in a freemium model. You can do the same with Kepware and you can do the same with Vuforia. These are three different experiences, but then they're cross-linked like, if you like one, well, then you could link over here and try this complimentary NICs (34:44) capability that links to it and that'd be great. That really went live right around the time of LiveWorx, but the adoption is great and I think in some places, like Vuforia it's off the charts. I think since LiveWorx, we probably added 40,000 more developers to the Vuforia site. It's really unbelievable and the interest level in AR is sky high and we really have something special there. So, I think, the freemium thing is really the way that people want to investigate new technologies. They don't really want a sales call. They want to play with the technology and try building something and gain their own experience, and see how good it is, how strong it is. And if they like it, yeah, then maybe they'll take a sales call to talk about what would an enterprise deal look like or something like that. So, I think the freemium model is very good. And then you asked what do we use to compel them to buy. Really great technology. I think we feel like each of Kepware, ThingWorx and Vuforia are head and shoulders above anything you compare them to. So, we want people to go through that process of making the comparisons. If I move over to Windchill 11, and let's just say our core business in general, we've now begun the process of releasing products that contain ThingWorx, but are used for PLM or SLM or what-have-you. A good example is Navigate, which is a product we launched at LiveWorx. And we're going to sell an amazing amount of Navigate this year already. And what it really is, is a really slick product built on ThingWorx that taps into Windchill and other systems, and customers quite like it. So we're pretty bullish on that. It's had a pretty strong reception since the launch and our forecast for it looked pretty strong and so forth. So we're excited about that. I also mentioned two SLM products we launched at LiveWorx that have ThingWorx built into them. So the first phase was really to sell these platforms as raw technology. And the second phase of our growth strategy is to begin to release new versions, new generations of our traditional products that are IoT and ARVR enabled. And that's now starting to happen. And I think it's an exciting time for us because that could be a very big contributor, not only to our growth but ultimately to us retaining a leadership position in these hot fields of IoT, analytics and ARVR.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig. Your line is now open.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thanks a lot, gentlemen. One for Andy here and one for Jim. First for Andy, let's see. Andy, did you comment or did I maybe miss some commentary in the prepared remarks about percentage of large deals in the quarter? I saw that you expect that to be at the lower end of the range going forward. But how were they for the quarter. Can you help characterize that?
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Large deals were reasonably strong for the quarter at the higher end if you compare it to prior PTC quarters. So it was, we said previously 30% to 50% of our bookings come from large deals. It was near the higher end of that, not quite 50% but near the higher end of that.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: This was generally a good large deal quarter.
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Which hasn't been true kind of, of late.
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. And to be frank, we saw 31% constant currency bookings growth. We don't believe that is the ongoing growth profile for the business. That's the variability of having frankly a strong performance, lot of large deals, strong execution and frankly a compare against not necessarily really strong performance a year ago, as the economy suddenly weakened.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. I'll segue to my second question then. So this one is – starting with that, the big expansion deal you had with the consumer company in Q3 which was about using ThingWorx for a smart factory. Was this with a partner or was this direct and more generally maybe, Jim if you could just comment on – factory automation is starting to look like one of the lead horses for ThingWorx here in terms of the use cases. And it looks that you're getting more involved with that. You don't have historically a lot of experience with factory automation, but it looks like you'll be developing that and working with partners. Maybe, do you want to comment on the outlook for that use case in particular?
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think it's a great question. I think if you look at some of the reports that have been written by the big thinkers, McKinsey and so forth, they almost all identified factory automation as one of the biggest of all IoT use cases. So number one, if you want to be a leader, you probably should play in that space. Now it turns out that the heritage of ThingWorx actually comes from that space, the guys who founded ThingWorx had previously founded a company called Lighthammer that they sold to SAP and it became the basis for SAP's manufacturing automation strategy. Before that, a couple of them had been key players in Wonderware, which now is owned by Schneider and so forth. So, there's a deep sort of heritage, if you will, in manufacturing automation in the product. And then of course, manufacturing automation is almost the sole heritage of Kepware. So, we have some technical jobs, but I think you're right. We feel like that's a domain that PTC has been on the edge of. We help people design products and then design the process by which they'll manufacture those products. But then when the factory starts, we're kind of done. We're doing manufacturing engineering, not manufacturing execution or manufacturing operations. So we don't have as much domain expertise. That's why we target at partners. So we're looking for some horses we can connect our cart to, and we have some good ones. GE, of course, being one. And so this deal was done through a partner. And they took a piece of the deal and there was still a pretty substantial piece left for us. So we think that this is a very exciting opportunity; one, a leader should play in and one that particularly when paired up with partners, we absolutely have a compelling solution and the right to play in. So we're going to go after it.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Sounds good. Thanks a lot, gentlemen.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty. Your line is now open.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Sterling.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. So, you did a good job right from the beginning of the year kind of factoring in some of the macro uncertainty. You talked about that in the guidance. But I guess what I'm curious about is maybe give us some insight as to what you saw in the close rate and discussions near the end of the quarter and the beginning of this quarter around any Brexit impacts or other things on the macro side?
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So our close rates actually were a little higher than they've been in recent quarters this past quarter. And frankly, our sales pipeline supports the guidance that we've laid out for next quarter using all of our analytics around historical close rates which we look at by deal size, by segment, by geography, by almost any cut you could possibly imagine. And so at this point in time, we think we've been appropriately cautious of the broader macro environment and taking into account Brexit in the guidance that we've given. As I mentioned, we didn't see an impact, but clearly it hit like just in the final week and a half. So, you wouldn't expect companies would be able to react that quickly to it. We're watching it closely but frankly we think we've been appropriately prudent in our guidance.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Sterling, Jim here, if I could add to that. Craig Hayman is a bit of a machine here and he has made some pretty powerful changes. Some people changes, a lot of process changes, a lot of attitudinal changes and we're just executing better. So I think the view of management at PTC is the economy is not better but we're doing a better job with the things we do control. We're closing deals better. We're pursuing deals better. So I just think there's a lot of improvements and execution. We're discounting less. A lot of things that are helping us on the execution side are probably offsetting a macro environment that is no better than we thought it would be.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And then on the IoT front, you mentioned the tough compare with the $9 million of perpetual deals last year. Can you give us a sense what was the subscription mix within the IoT business this year? And is there a way to think about the growth rate year-over-year if those $9 million worth of deals went subscription last year?
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think we're generally talking about bookings growth. So whether they're subscription or perpetual, we generally would book them more or less the same. So it doesn't – but if you...
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You have to look at – given the size of that business – if you do $9.5 million in three deals in a single quarter...
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Do you remember the total revenue of IoT revenue in the quarter, ballpark anyway? It was like, I don't know, mid teens.
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, yeah, yes.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So we're saying $9.5 million of mid-teens came from three deals and this year we were roughly flat. If you take those three deals away, which means this year we had actually many more deals of much smaller size which is a much healthier mix, it's going to make the quarter any old way, but it's a lot better to make a quarter on the backs of a broad set of small- and medium-sized deals than a couple of a grand slam home runs.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Agreed. But what percentage of the bookings in IoT was actually subscription this quarter?
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Let me look that up...
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We're still looking.
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Part of that is because you have...
Tim Fox - Vice President-Investor Relations: It's Tim. Excluding Kepware, that business is largely subscription.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right. So a year ago, we didn't have Kepware. But a year ago, a number of ThingWorx deals which we allowed to be sold perpetual at the time, so three of the biggest ThingWorx deals a year ago went perpetual. There's like apples, oranges and bananas here because now we have Kepware which is almost all perpetual, but if you set that aside, almost everything that's left is subscription. So it would be a big shift towards subscription in the pure ThingWorx sales year-over-year
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Right. So I'll give you the number. It was 62% but basically Kepware, of which we shared, was about $5 million of bookings, and I'll give you the year ago. Tim's pointing at the number, I have it in front of me – it was 62%, but about $5 million of our bookings were Kepware, which were all perpetual. So it's predominantly subscription. There was one large perpetual deal, but it was a fraction. It was between $1 million and $2 million, compared to $9.5 million a year ago. That put into perspective for the IoT business. It's predominantly subscription other than Kepware. And we'll actually doing pricing studies (46:38) on the Kepware business.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, yeah. Definitely, we'd like to see if we could take Kepware to subscription. At the mean time, we've only owned it for quarter and a half here.
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And year ago it was 25% subscription.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay.
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you, guys. Okay. Thank you, guys.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And the perpetual deal, incidentally, it came through a partner.
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So in some cases, a partner say, I sell perpetual then we have to think about whether or not we'll take that order...
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Right.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...and I think we'd rather take it than not.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Got it. Thank you.
Tim Fox - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Sterling.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer. Your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good evening. Jim, could you comment on what you're seeing or anticipating among the half dozen various industries that you report out. I understand that the percentage of revenue from the industries, in any event, even pre the model change, will have varied from quarter to quarter and, of course, compounded now by the model change, but underneath all of that, when you look at your various addressed end markets organically, any key trend that you can comment on when we think about that? With respect to some of your peers, it seems there's rather some slowing in automotive and electronics, but a pickup on the other hand in industrial, and so perhaps you could comment on that?
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: My comment would maybe about the opposite. And again, it is very much influenced though by big deals. So, it's hard to read too much into this, but one place we did exceptionally well was retail. We have a significant and growing retail business. There was a period of time it slowed a little bit, but it's really come on strong here in FY 2016 all year long. So that for us was our overall best year-over-year performance. If you look at aerospace and defense, if you look at life sciences, if you look at electronics and hi-tech those all grew to varying degrees; life sciences a little stronger than the others I mentioned. And then the one place where we had a bit of a decline year-over-year was industrial products. But again, I don't read too much into this because I'm looking at the data quarter by quarter and it jumps around a lot. So definitely, the industrial sector has not been a great place to do business. We do a lot of business with the Deeres and the Caterpillars and they're all suffering a little bit right now. So that for us is not a great place but we didn't have a terrible quarter. It was still our highest contributor of revenue in the quarter.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. A product question for you, Jim, and then kind of separate financial question for Andy. At LiveWorx, there were a number of interesting product sessions. You commented already on Navigate, which was among the interesting sessions. And you commented on CAD in the cloud. My question is if you could comment on the roadmap for Windchill. You've got a pretty specific set of releases coming. The Berlin release later in the year, couple more next year. How do you think about those in terms of possible incremental business impact and competitive differentiation, particularly given what's going on in the larger PLM space?
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. I have a slowly different view right now on products. And it's a view we introduced at LiveWorx which was this idea of customer transformation journeys. So what we think is that this new technology enables fundamentally new different and better ways to run certain business processes. And you might remember at LiveWorx we highlighted four of them. Digital engineering could be done in new and exciting ways. We highlighted Agile. Companies could adopt a multi-discipline Agile development process. And then we highlighted manufacturing and then we highlighted service. So more and more, we think about now how would you use elements of our existing product suites and their new technology to systematically transform the way you do engineering. And it's kind of like an orthogonal view to selling more Windchill and more Creo. It's sort of like how would you use Windchill, or Creo or Vuforia, ThingWorx, analytics to do engineering in a different way. And that's methodology that Craig has introduced. I think is a very good one. We're still doing the releases. It's just the kind of a way we think about it is less about what's coming in this next product and when can we take customers to this even greater level of transformation by combining some different solution capabilities and technologies and so forth. So it's a different way of looking at it. It kind of ticks me off staring at product release schedules and thinking more about the transformation roadmap which is something that I think we owe the world more detail on. We introduced it at LiveWorx but we need to go deeper so people understand that better. We did talk – Andy and Tim and I did talk about maybe having investor webcast...
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...to give you guys some deeper access into what we're talking about. And I think that's we'll probably reach out you to schedule it some upcoming point.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. That sounds good. Finally for Andy. Given the upside in the subscriptions booking proportion for the quarter and the guidance, have you begun to perhaps rethink that 70% bookings mix that you've talked about for the out years of the guidance period or the forecast period?
Andrew D. Miller - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We're actually analyzing that right now as we do our business planning, and so we'll clearly give you the best update we can when we release our Q4 earnings. We are starting to look at – we have certain products in certain geographies that for two quarters in a row have been over 80% subscription in the direct channel, for example. And so, we're starting to look at those and think through should we frankly move completely to subscription for those products and at what point in time. We've also released a number of products, like PTC Navigate is available only as a subscription product. So most of the, or many of the, new products that are coming out are only available subscription. So we're analyzing all that stuff. The thing I want to remind you it's only been three quarters. And so it's not like we've been on the transition for two years. We've got tons of data that we're able to figure out what real trends are. We're actually having to continue to kind of segment our analysis, take out a big deal, see if the trend's still there, look at it not just by dollars but transaction count, things like that, to understand kind of where we're at and where we want to end up.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think it's an important question, and we ask ourselves that question all the time, but we're just – there's a process of planning next year, which we're halfway through. And it's just too early to make that call here on this particular phone call.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Understood. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Maguire, CLSA. Your line is now open.
Ed Maguire - CLSA Americas LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. I was wondering if you could characterize the competitive environment in IoT platforms. I know you had not seen much change since Cisco's acquisition of Jasper but I think there's ongoing interest in the partnership between GE and PTC and some of the differences between Predix and ThingWorx, if you could provide a bit of color that would be really helpful.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think the competitive environment overall hasn't fundamentally changed, but there's a lot more noise. There are many more stories out there that you can listen to. But I think ours, number one, has evolved a little bit and I will give you some insight into that in a second. And then number two, it's still a very strong story. So our story has evolved in a couple of important ways. We've folded in Kepware and we folded in Vuforia and those are really sexy, important, critical capabilities. We have them. Nobody else does. And ThingWorx itself is fundamentally a really great product. So, we have a very strong technical product. Now, the place we've evolved is we've decided not to fight the infrastructure war, rather than, say, send your data to PTC and we'll stuff it in our cloud, we now say, hey if you want to put your data on Amazon, or if you want to put it on Azure or various other places, we support those. We actually participated in the SAP SAPPHIRE Conference and we showed how you could put data onto HANA Cloud Platform and still use ThingWorx to process it and so forth. So we backed out of that idea of we're going to have a competitive computing infrastructure sort of based on that comment that friends don't let friends run – buy datacenters, or something like that. I'm trying to – I think it was Chuck Phillips from Infor who had that comment. But anyway, as it relates to GE, GE is a partner. And there were some reports written out there suggesting otherwise. But GE is a good strong partner of PTC's. They are in fact, the partner who helped us secure a very large order in the smart manufacturing space. It was good for them, good for us. We have at PTC an aspiration to become an even better partner with GE. We're partnered with part of GE. We'd like to partner with all of GE. That's what we are working on. So we don't put GE in the competitor column. We put IBM in the competitor column and so forth. But that really hasn't changed that much other than there's a lot of noise. People say do you compete with Amazon. And then we have to explain no, in fact, they don't really have products like Kepware and ThingWorx and Vuforia. They provide infrastructure. We're happy to run on their infrastructure. Therefore, it's a combination that makes a lot of sense together but that conversation no doubt slows us down a little bit as we have to spend more time explaining all these different combinations to people.
Ed Maguire - CLSA Americas LLC: Great. And I'd just like to circle back to the augmented reality technology. It was really quite on display in compelling fashion at LiveWorx. From your perspective, does this – is the change in conversations with customers in terms of your competitiveness versus in the core CAD and PLM markets, or is this a – essentially just a value add that you expect could potentially provide incremental ASP lift for instance, for customers over time?
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think in the near term it's an exciting differentiator that helps us look different and generate more ASP. I think long term it's bigger than that. And that's why there's so much excitement. A lot of people are saying that AR and AR hardware is the next-generation mobile device. Today, you carry a screen in your pocket, and there's a screen in your car, and there's a screen on the wall in your house, and there's a screen on your computer, and there are screens all over the place, maybe tomorrow you'll put the screen on your head and everything you look at will have digital displays without needing to have their own unique proprietary hardware screens. I'm just looking in my office here, I have a water cooler and I have a coffeemaker and they both have screens. So, I think the reason that Microsoft is spending billions of dollars and the reason Google is spending billions of dollars and Facebook is spending a billions of dollars and others, quite frankly, is this idea that there's a generation of hardware beyond mobile and it's AR devices. And the reason that's so exciting is because you can blend digital data onto physical objects and give an integrated physical digital experience. Now that's what's exciting to us because physical digital, that's what IoT is all about. So IoT is a way for us to get information from the physical world, combine it with everything we already knew digitally from CAD and PLM, and then turn around – in analytics and turn around using Vuforia to augment this back into the field of the view of the user. So, when I look at my coffeemaker, it says Jim, you're going to need to add water. And I don't have to walk over to read that on the screen, it just shows up. And if I say how do I do that, it then takes me through a process using CAD models to explain the process of adding water to my Keurig coffeemaker over there. So it's a powerful idea where IoT, CAD, PLM and SLM, because that's one of the primary use cases and manufacturing per our earlier discussion because that's one of the primary use cases. All this stuff comes together and aligns unbelievably, and PTC is in such a special spot because we have all this stuff and we have the know-how and the vision and the technology to go do it and we're showing people. When I read that report, basically it said if you like Pokémon GO, now you understand what AR is about, if you go to work and say how could we use AR here at work, you're going to end up talking to PTC, because all roads lead to PTC when you start talking about AR and the enterprise. So anyway, we're very excited about it. I think, as you witnessed, the subject of AR kind of stole the show at LiveWorx. It wasn't really the number one thing we planned to talk about but it's the number one thing that everybody at the show wanted to talk about because they can't believe it. It's one of those experiences when you see it, you just say, oh, wow, I didn't know you could do that, and then your mind starts spinning about all the possible applications of it in your business or your personal life or whatever. So it's an exciting place. We're happy to be in such a unique and strong position with our technology and big ideas about what to do with it.
Ed Maguire - CLSA Americas LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we're showing no questions at this time.
Tim Fox - Vice President-Investor Relations: Okay. Thanks, everybody. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. On the investor front, we're going to be heading out on the road for some marketing in August and kick off the busy fall conference season with Citi's Tech Conference in early September. We look forward to seeing you at one of these events, if not we will update you on the Q4 call in October. Of course, in the meantime, if you have any questions, follow-up on today's call, please contact PTC's IR, and if not, we'll speak with you soon. Thanks for your interest in PTC and have a great evening.
James E. Heppelmann - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, everybody. See you in 90 days, if not sooner. Bye-bye.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for participation. You may now all disconnect. Have a wonderful night.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-04-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox – Vice President, Investor Relations James Heppelmann – President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Andrew Miller – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Sterling Auty – JPMorgan Securities Steve Koenig – Wedbush Securities, Inc. Saket Kalia – Barclays Capital, Inc. Matthew Hedberg – RBC Capital Markets Edward Maguire – CLSA Americas Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc. Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities Gal Munda – Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. Josh Sullivan – Sterne Agee
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the PTC 2016 Second Quarter Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Thank you, Cindy, and welcome to PTC's 2016 second quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Cohen, EVP of Strategy. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast and a replay of the call will be available later today on our Investor Relations website. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call, are valid only as of today's date, April 20, 2016, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and all measures discuss are non-GAAP unless otherwise noted. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to PTC's CEO, Jim Heppelmann.
James Heppelmann: Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'd like to begin with a brief review of the second quarter results. Following on the heels of our solid performance in Q1, we delivered strong Q2 results by executing well across all of our key operating and strategic initiatives. Bookings of 86 million were 5 million above the high-end of our guidance range and we delivered a subscription mix of 54%, which was more than double the guidance target for the quarter. We'll provide additional details on the subscription transition throughout the call, but suffice it to say that our program appears to be hitting on all cylinders; and based on our updated guidance, we're effectively a full-year ahead of our subscription transition plan. Given the significant upside we delivered on subscription mix, naturally, our reported revenue and EPS were below our guidance range, because we deferred more license revenue in the future quarters than we had projected in our guidance. This dynamic is likely to persist as we aggressively drive our subscription model. However, the long-term value that the subscription model yields for our business and for our shareholders far outweighs the short-term optics in our reported results. At our last Investor Day, we laid out three key initiatives that we're focused on to maximize long-term shareholder value. As a reminder, they are first to increase the top line growth; second to continue our margin expansion; and third to convert our business to a subscription business model. Let me touch on each of these within the context of our second quarter results. And I'll start with growth. PTC extended our early market leadership position in the high-growth IoT market with continued momentum this quarter. As part of our land and expand strategy, we've now implemented a premium model for our ThingWorx technology in order to open our aperture beyond what we could reach with just a direct sales force and a partner ecosystem. Both we and our solution partners also signed a number of six-figure expansion deals with existing customers we've landed across the variety of verticals in the quarter. Of particular note, we continue to make progress with our Industrie 4.0 Smart Manufacturing strategy; and together with GE, we landed a significant Q2 transaction with one of the world's largest multinational consumer goods manufacturers, who will be using GE's ThingWorx-based solution to drive their connected factory forward strategy. We acquired Kepware in Q2, and this business provides a further boost to our Smart Manufacturing strategy because their KEPServerEX technology gives us instant connectivity to nearly all types of industrial automation equipment that one would encounter in a factory or plant or industrial site. KEPServer makes connection easy so that we can quickly progress toward applying analytics in developing new applications and unlock business value across a diverse set of equipment that you'll find in each factory. In its first quarter at PTC, Kepware delivered solid Q2 results, and we see significant cross-sell opportunities as we both work together to help organizations gain enterprise-wide insight and to proactively optimize the critical industrial processes that they execute, which is the basis for improving their own operational performance. A second area of growth we're focused on is the opportunity to reinvigorate our traditional core solutions with the ThingWorx and Vuforia technology platforms. The PTC Navigate software, which is powered by ThingWorx, shipped with Windchill 11 in late Q1 and provides a great example of how we're leveraging ThingWorx in our core solutions. We've seen a lot of Navigate interest building already. And in Q2, we closed a 5,000-seat order with General Atomics Aeronautical Systems. General Atomics will be leveraging ThingWorx role-based apps to drive a broader and deeper implementation of PLMs throughout the enterprise. So while it's early days for Navigate, given the relatively low current penetration of PLM outside of core engineering processes in organizations, we see a significant opportunity to drive incremental seats and revenue. On top of that, there were numerous great customer examples showing how we're marrying our core CAD, PLM and SLM solutions with ThingWorx and with our new Vuforia AR/VR technology at PTC's ThingEvent in January. I hope you had a chance to attend the event live or to watch the replay on thingevent.com, which is still available by the way. For those wondering how enterprises will use augmented reality technology for business benefit, this event set a high bar. It was PTC's most successful marketing event ever with more than 14,000 global attendees either in the studio, or online, including the who's who of the industry analysts that cover markets related to CAD and PLM to IoT and as well to augmented and virtual reality. We received many rave reviews regarding both Vuforia and the augmented reality for the enterprise strategy that we unveiled. I can't wait to formally launch in a few weeks the breakthrough Vuforia-based ThingBuilder, ThingServer and ThingBrowser technologies that we showcased and demonstrated at the event. Each customer example at the ThingEvent was a live demonstration, showing how augmented reality and IoT coupled with CAD and PLM and SLM promises to completely change the way we'll interact with things in the future. These demonstrations are really just the tip of the iceberg of what's possible as we're only at the beginning of an incredible era where IoT, machine learning and augmented reality will join forces with today's solutions to create next-generation approaches to how products are created, operated and serviced. Following the ThingEvent, many tens of thousands more viewers had another look at Vuforia working with Creo CAD data this time from Caterpillar, when Microsoft used the Vuforia platform to demonstrate their HoloLens during the keynote at their massive Build Developers Conference on March 31. Our IR team can provide you with access to a replay of the Vuforia part of that conference, if you wish to see it. There's a great natural synergy between IoT and analytics and AR/VR, and together these are the key technologies being used to drive convergence of digital and physical worlds. And PTC is excited to have maneuvered into such a pivotal role in these fast-growing markets. To gain deeper insight into where this new technology is headed, and how it intersects with our core business, and how customers and partners are putting it to work in a business, I encourage you to join us at our big LiveWorx event this June in Boston, where we're hosting what we believe will be the preeminent event in the connected world. Again, please reach out to the IR team for details if you're interested. So coming back to the core of ThingWorx offering, we landed 66 new logos in the quarter, bringing our first half total to 131, which is a 26% increase year-over-year. We'll continue to update you on this new logo metric as it's currently defined throughout the balance of the fiscal year. But at that point, the metric will need to be remodeled a bit, because it does not reflect customers who start with Kepware or Vuforia of which there are many, nor does it now reflect the new way we engage accounts via the premium program that we recently put in place. So while we want to report a metric that reflects momentum, this metric, as currently defined, is starting to fall out of alignment with how we run the Technology Platform business. Last but certainly not least, as it relates to growth, we're focused on improving execution in our traditional solutions business. You'll remember that we reorganized the company last fall, and in the Thanksgiving timeframe, brought in Craig Hayman as the new Solutions Group President. Craig, in turn, has brought in some key new talent under him. Leveraging its deep operational expertise and with a particular focus in the near-term on go-to-market activities, Craig is driving a renewed sense of disciplined focus and execution. Along with our subscription program, our support conversion program and our discounting and pricing initiatives, we believe our strong Q2 results are a promising indicator that our early efforts are beginning to show results. We look forward to sharing more details in coming quarters. Let me now turn to the second top level initiative to drive shareholder value, which is to further increase our margins. In Q2 of 2016, we continued to demonstrate our commitment to driving long-term margin expansion with operating expenses at the low-end of our guidance range. And we're reiterating our full-year operating expense guidance, absent a modest uptick from currency. In fact, after factoring in currency and mix, we expect to deliver more than 100 basis points of operating margin expansion in FY 2016 versus FY 2015 on an apples-to-apples basis. As I discussed earlier in my comments, our accelerated transition to a subscription model will have a near-term impact on our reported margins, as we defer revenue recognition into the future. Yet we continue to see a path to non-GAAP operating margins in the low 30%s once the business model fully normalizes from the subscription transition. Our third key top level initiative is our subscription business model transition. In Q2 of 2016, the mix of subscription bookings was well ahead of our guidance, and nearly 4 times the year ago Q2 2015 mix. Andy will elaborate further on our subscription program in a few minutes, but let me reiterate my earlier observation that based on our revised FY 2016 guidance of a 44% subscription mix for the year, we're on a pace to essentially reach our current FY 2017 target a year early. So to wrap it up, at PTC, we continue to focus on these three key levers that can drive significant shareholder value: top line growth, margin expansion and the subscription transition. On the growth front, we remain committed to winning in the new technology platform business and encouraged by early signs of improved execution in the core solutions business. On the margin expansion front, financial discipline will remain one of our cornerstones as we drive the margins into the low 30%s post-transition. And on the subscription front, we're off to an exceptional start in the first half of FY 2016, well ahead of our original plan and aggressively pushing forward. With these three levers, combined with our commitment to stock buybacks, we believe we're well-positioned to drive substantial value for our shareholders. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Miller: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Please note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results unless otherwise specified. Bookings of 86 million were 5 million above the high-end of guidance. We believe the upside was driven by improved go-to-market execution and a strong contribution from our support conversion program. On a year-over-year basis, bookings increased 8% in constant currency and low-single-digit excluding Kepware. Subscription comprised 54% of total bookings versus our guidance of 26% and versus 14% in Q2 2015. Subscription ACV in the quarter was $23 million, well outpacing our guidance of $10 million. Subscription adoption accelerated broadly across the business with the upside coming from our Solutions Group. Every segment, every geography and both our direct and indirect channels saw a marked increase in subscription mix from Q1 to Q2. PLM and SLM continued to lead the Pac and adoption in the Americas, Europe and Japan far outpaced the Pac Rim where sales enablement activity is still ramping up. We saw continued progress in our channel as well where subscription mix is six times greater than a year ago. Q2 subscription performance benefited from further progress from our support conversion program that we launched in Q1. In fact, a good portion of our bookings upside this quarter was driven by the incremental ACV from these conversions. In the second quarter, 25 customers, including some very large customers, converted their support contracts to subscription at an ACV uplift that once again generally ranged from 25% to more than 50% above the prior annual support amount. I'll remind you that the long-term business model we presented at our Investor Day did not include any assumption that our large support revenue base would transition to subscription. So this could represent a big upside to our long-term business model. And at the beginning of April, we announced a support win-back program in the channel that converts customers to subscription. Turning to the income statement, total second quarter revenue of $274 million was down $42 million year-over-year as reported. The decrease in total revenue was driven by a $30 million impact from a higher mix of subscription bookings, a $9 million impact from FX and a $9 million constant currency decrease in professional services, consistent with our strategy to migrate more service engagements to our partners. The decrease in total revenue was partially offset by revenue from Kepware of about $5 million. Compared to our guidance, adjusting for the higher mix of subscription, our total revenue would have been approximately $298 million, which would have been above the high-end of our guidance. On a reported basis, software revenue was down 12% year-over-year due to the higher mix of subscriptions and the impacts of currency. Excluding mix and currency, software revenue would have increased 3%. Approximately, 82% of Q2 software revenue was recurring, up from 73% a year ago. Clearly, this growth in recurring software revenue represents a very positive trend in our business and will drive cash flow in subsequent quarters. Operating expense in the second quarter of $164 million was at the low-end of our guidance range and was up only $2 million or about 1% from last with significantly higher incentive compensation, driven by over performance on subscription. Q2 operating margin of 14% was below our guidance of 19% and down from Q2 last year due to the higher subscription mix. Adjusting for this, operating margin would have been 21%, exceeding our guidance. EPS of $0.23 was below guidance also due primarily to a higher subscription mix, which negatively impacted EPS by about $0.16. We would have beat by $0.01 on our guidance subscription mix assumption. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and investments were up $71 million from Q1 2016 at $368 million. We had strong adjusted operating cash flow in the quarter of $102 million and adjusted free cash flow of $97 million. As we stated on our Q1 2016 earnings call, we remain committed to returning cash to shareholders, but expect buybacks to be in the back half of FY 2016. Now turning to guidance, let me remind you of some of the general considerations that are factored into our guidance. First, while our Q2 booking results were above the high-end of our guidance, we attribute our solid performance primarily to improved execution and our support conversion program and remain cautious of the global macroeconomic environment. Second, we're only two quarters into our subscription programs; and while the results have been tremendously strong, subscription is still new to much of our sales force, and thus, it is challenging to forecast the rate of customer adoption, the pace of our transition, and the overall impact to near-term reported financial results. Third, our guidance assumes current foreign currency exchange rates. With this in mind, we now expect bookings in the range of $357 million to $377 million for fiscal 2016. This is up $13 million from our prior guidance at the high-end, $6 million to factor in current foreign currency rates and $7 million due to better performance. We have also narrowed the range from the bottom. We now expect 44% of our full-year bookings will be subscription versus our previous guidance of 30%. This means we expect to basically achieve our FY 2017 goal in FY 2016. We expect subscription ACV of $79 million to $84 million. This is up $29 million from our prior guidance. We expect total revenue in the range of $1.16 billion to $1.175 billion for FY 2016. This is down from our prior guidance due to the higher mix of subscription bookings and a change in our support win-back program in the channel to subscription, both offset by small amount of FX benefit. We have historically recognized about $20 million per year in win-backs in support. We continue to expect an increase in our services margin by about 130 basis points to 16% and remain committed to a 20% services margin by FY 2018. FY 2016 operating expenses are expected to be $656 million to $660 million, an increase of $4 million on the high-end to reflect foreign currency rates. With the higher mix of subscription, we're now guiding to an operating margin of approximately 18% to 19%. We're now assuming a tax rate of 8% to 10% for the full-year, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $1.52 of $1.62 per share, based upon approximately 116 million shares outstanding. We continue to expect adjusted free cash flow of $215 million to $225 million for the year. For the third quarter, we expect bookings in the range of $90 million to $100 million with about 48% subscription mix. We expect total revenue in the range of $287 million to $292 million for Q3. We expect OpEx in the range of $167 million to $169 million and an operating margin of approximately 16% to 17%. We're assuming a tax rate of 8% to 10%, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $0.31 to $0.36 per share based upon approximately 116 million shares outstanding. With that, I'll turn the call over to Cindy, the operator, to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] And our first question is coming from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
James Heppelmann: Hello, Sterling.
Sterling Auty: Hi, guys. How are you?
Andrew Miller: Thanks, Sterling. Good.
Sterling Auty: I think it would be helpful for all of us on this side of the call, if Andy, you could take the subscription mix, the big beat that you had, and maybe go one layer deeper in terms the impact on the P&L. So, in other words, how should we think about how that big mix be impacted, related to subscription, software and support, so each of the revenue line items. But also, separately, what did it also do on the expense side of the P&L?
Andrew Miller: Yeah, okay. So one thing I'll share with you is on our Investor Relations website, we have posted prepared remarks where we compare the quarter at our guidance mix percentage. So it does this translation for you. Let me take you through a few of the highlights here. So, again, remember, we achieved 54% subscription mix versus a guidance mix of 26%. So what that did was if you take a look at software revenue, it brought it down by $24 million, which was principally the perpetual piece. So software revenue actual was $225 million; at our guidance subscription mix, it would have been $249 million versus our high-end of our guidance we gave, which was $246 million. If you take that to total revenue, our $274 million actual would have been $298 million at the 26% guidance mix versus our high-end of our guidance of $295 million. OpEx, no impact; however, we did incur substantially higher incentive compensation expenses, commission and bonuses within that number, but still came in at the low-end of our range. So we still manage our expenses aggressively.
James Heppelmann: So just if I could, Andy, so it's a conservative assumption to say, expenses are the same either way?
Andrew Miller: Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Because of the higher subscription mix, we had more comp, we didn't adjust that in our as-adjusted EPS. Yes. So if you moved down, that means our operating margin, which as-reported was 14% would have been 21% versus our high-end of our guidance of 19%, and our EPS of $0.23 as-reported would have been $0.16 higher or $0.39 versus our high-end of our guidance at $0.38. And the one other thing I highlight is we did have a tax rate of 21% in the quarter. So this time that actually hurt our EPS by about a $0.01.
Sterling Auty: Got it. That's very helpful. Maybe one follow-up. I think it's obvious the success in traction you're getting in IoT, but the biggest pushback that we received as you're beginning the model transition is the assumptions on the improvement in the Solutions Group. Could you get the CAD and PLM up to the growth rates over the long term that you'd built into your assumptions? I wondered if you could give maybe a little bit more color, because it sounded like that area saw good adoption, decent demand on the surface, but also support subscription conversions, which is the other area that we got a lot of pushback on. So any additional color in terms of geography, or industry, or company-type that you are seeing that improvement would be helpful.
Andrew Miller: Okay, sure. So let me give you a few highlights. The upside in this subscription mix came from our Solutions Group, where we actually were more than 50% subscription in the Solutions Group this quarter versus single-digit a year ago, okay, so to put that in perspective. Americas led the Pac, I'll share with you that excluding Kepware, which is all perpetual, that America was at about 70% subscription in the quarter followed by Japan in the mid-60%s and Europe in the mid-50%s. Pac Rim lagged substantially, down in the mid-20%s, as we're really just getting enablement activities off the ground. However, that's up from low-single-digits a year ago. The other big change is in the channel, where they were also in the mid-20%s which is more than six times higher than a year ago. Again, in the channel, which is primarily CAD, it seems to be starting to take off, and yet, this was not the focus of our early enablement activities. The other thing that was a nice – extremely good nice result we've seen the 25 conversion deals. So there were some very large established customers who converted and, as I mentioned, the range of incremental ACV tended to be from about 25% to more than 50% higher. We also saw some customers actually not only do a like-to-like conversion, but also buy some additional software. So it seems like under a subscription offer, and it seems like this really does potentially reduce the friction of buying. So rather than that big deal that they're waiting for, they're buying in smaller bite-sized land and expand type of model. So it seems like it's off to a very strong start as we stand right now.
Sterling Auty: Great. Thank you.
James Heppelmann: Thanks, again.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Mr. Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
James Heppelmann: Hi, Steve.
Steve Koenig: Hi, gentlemen. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question, and then just one follow-up as well. So first off, yeah, congrats on the good execution in the maintenance conversion. The subscription transition looks like a very well-thought out program. I'm wondering if you could just add some color here on what's driving the better-than-expected customer uptake.
Andrew Miller: I think for years customers have been wanting to buy under subscription and our market studies showed that more than 70% of our customers preferred to buy subscription. We were probably like many other software companies forcing to try to get a perpetual license with upfront revenue. And they were asking for things like extended payment terms and remix. With subscription, they naturally pay over time; they get remix as part of it. So it's an offer that is preferable for them. And, of course, our sales reps are pushing our strategy. So we're aligning the offer with what the customer wants. And that's, I think, what's driving the traction. They're still learning to do, frankly, within our sales force how to sell subscription. But I think they're going after pretty aggressively in all our geos and Pac Rim is really cut more at the beginning stages.
Steve Koenig: Great. Thanks for the color, Andy. For the follow-up here, I just want to dig into the numbers a little bit on full-year guidance. So if I use your heuristic of $3 million of revenue impact for every point of mix shift and I apply it to the change in the guidance, what it looks like, if I've done my math right, is that the top end of fiscal 2016 revenue guidance is relatively unchanged. Now currency has improved a bit. Our channel checks were saying better – the channel partners were having better outlooks at least in North America. And it looks like you're improving your execution, so a lot of things going the right way for you. So maybe help me reconcile this with the guide, are you derisking? Or is the macro impacting – continue to impact the large deals, maybe help me make sense of that?
Andrew Miller: So a couple of factors. First, I do want to address I've read all the notes about FX being a tailwind moving forward. The thing to realize is that we do hedge and other companies hedge, which means that we locked in less favorable FX rates at this particular case. So that means that it actually is a pretty insignificant impact on our revenue for the rest of this year, given how much of it is already hedged. So that's one thing that's not a headwind. The other factor is, when you do that rule of thumb that would have been if the subscription transition were at a perfectly linear way throughout the year. We went from 28% in the first quarter to 54% in the second quarter, so we're more impacted. So it adds a few million to that. So I think those are fundamentally the drivers. Now, we're pleased with our execution, but it still is early days and we don't want to declare victory too early. And so we're seeing a lot of the right actions happening and starting to see very good outcomes, but it's still early days. So it's promising, but we don't want to declare victory yet and that's what's reflected in the guidance. The macro remains consistent with our view of the macro in the past.
Steve Koenig: Got it. Great. Thanks a lot [indiscernible].
Andrew Miller: We did raise booking guidance. So we raised not just for currency, but for performance. So, $6 million for currency, $7 million for performance at the high-end. We also narrowed from the low-end. So it's pretty significantly moved to the midpoint.
Steve Koenig: Right. Thanks, again.
Andrew Miller: Thanks, Steve.
James Heppelmann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next is coming from Saket Kalia, Barclays. Your line is open.
James Heppelmann: Hello, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hey, guys. How are you? Thanks a bunch for taking my questions here. So again, reiterate a nice beat on subscription mix, I think, in the prepared remarks, you said that we're still expecting that 70% mix in fiscal 2018. On the off-chance you were to get to that mix earlier, how long after that should it take to reach those normalized metrics? Maybe, Jim, you touched on it earlier when you said you're full-year earlier. But I just wanted to ask the question in that way.
Andrew Miller: So you're going to take it? Or you...
James Heppelmann: Go ahead. I'll make that...
Andrew Miller: Yeah. Yeah. Let me now take the first stab and Jim will follow that. So, first off, the change in the subscription mix percentage is what drives the drop the greatest, so getting further faster definitely helps. So that's the key thing there, which means you get the benefit sooner, okay, even if you only end 70% after three years. So that's one thing when you put the numbers in your model, you'll notice that you come out of the trough a bit earlier. The other comment is we do feel like we're a year early. We haven't done our business planning yet for next year. So it's too early to give updated guidance for next year. We certainly feel good about where we are and while we haven't raised the FY 2018 number, it certainly appears quite possible that that 70% will go up.
James Heppelmann: Yeah. I just wanted to give simple commentary on it, which is it's really a question of how far are we going and how fast will we get there. And if we're only going as far as 70%, then things would normalize a year earlier, it would appear. But the fact that we're at 70%, the fact that – for example, in America, we're 70% in the second quarter begs the question of should we stop at 70%, or could we get to 80%, 90%, or God forbid, 100%. I don't know and that's the planning we haven't done. So anything we say here we'd just be making it up off-the-cuff. But definitely, as we plan next year and do our annual update of this whole program, we're going to be asking that question how far how fast. And that will affect when is the bottom of the trough, because the bottom of the trough would come sooner, if we go faster but not farther. But if we go faster and farther, then it will move again a little bit. So we're in a complicated spot right now, but it's basically a good problem to have.
Saket Kalia: Absolutely. Absolutely. My follow-up is, again, realizing it's early, Andy, could you just maybe talk about some of the big deals in the quarter that were – actually all the deals, big deals I believe were subscription. I think you mentioned remix was a big reason why some of those large deals opted for subscription or converted for maintenance to subscription. Is that the main reason why you feel like those larger customers are going for subscription? Is there anything else that you're finding maybe some of your follow-up that's maybe driving them there? I'm guessing it's not financial flexibly, so just any more color on why the success in subscription in the large customer base?
Andrew Miller: So I don't think it's any single factor. We took really a holistic approach into packages. So that we would provide them the flexibility that they want in the offering in a simple and easy way to digest it. And our flexibility is, remix is one of the key factors. They pay for it over time, they consume it over time, the life when they do their financial analysis of subscription versus perpetual the crossover is at right around four years. They see the benefit to subscription. And they buy a lot of things subscription. They've gotten used to buy things subscription. There is the whole OpEx versus CapEx; it's all of those reasons that we shared at our Investor Day wrapped up in total mix the subscription offer more attractive. So I think that's why it's moving. And I think it's moving rapidly, because of the fact that we do control our direct sales channel. So we're able to get that message out there in a way that we can show the customer how subscription better meets their needs. And it's better for them and it's better for us. So I think that's what's actually going on here.
Saket Kalia: Makes sense. Thanks a bunch, guys.
James Heppelmann: Thanks.
Andrew Miller: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Mr. Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital. Sir, your line is open.
James Heppelmann: Hello, Matt.
Andrew Miller: Hi, Matt.
Matthew Hedberg: Hey, guys. So I know in Q1, you had about 12 customers renew early and 25 customers this quarter. I know there has been some changes to sales compensation. Was there anything different from Q2 to Q1? And I guess, if not, are there any other changes that can be made to further accelerate this transition from an incentives perspective?
Andrew Miller: So, first off, I think the incentives are lined up just about right. I think what happened is sales reps learned that there was an opportunity here, they learned what it was. And I think frankly, you still only have a small number of our sales reps who have actually done it. Clearly, I think it's spreading through the sales organization that here's an opportunity for them to go bring value back to PTC and make some money by converting customers to subscription. And they're learning to place the learning we post on our sales enablement internal system, how they do it, how they want, how they face these objections. So that's all actually still in pretty early days. But I think it's pretty clear that it's starting to spread that there is an opportunity here for the sales force one that they can go after. So I think that's all good. But I think it's just a matter of time. We just introduced it.
James Heppelmann: Matt, just so I could add, 12 customers in Q1 and 25 customers in Q2, that's 37 customers of well more than 25,000 maintenance paying customers. So we have a long way to go here. Obviously, those are some of the larger ones I'm sure. But if we could take our whole $650 million to $700 million maintenance business and recast it with that amount of upside, it's a huge growth opportunity for the company. So that takes some years of time to do. But I think there is a good value proposition for the customer, for the company, and for the sales rep, and it's a system, and I think it's going to work for it.
Andrew Miller: The one thing we do have that's new starting in Q3 is the win-back program in the channel. So especially, with our CAD customers, there were some that would go off maintenance, and then, just before they wanted to upgrade, they would come back on. And in the past, we charged them a fee to come back live. And then, they would directly go back off again after they got their upgrade. We would recognize that win-back in our support revenue, but we'd recognize it all at one. So what we now have is a program that's more attractive that gets them to move on to subscription. So it's actually a little cheaper to move on to subscription than to just do a one-time win-back. And we'll be recognizing that revenue moving forward. But the thing is, once they move to subscription, they can't use the software unless they stay on subscription. So that's the benefit for us. So it's a benefit for them, it's probably easier to come back on, benefit for us is once they're on subscription, they have to stay on it to use the software. And so you heard me refer to the notes that's one of the things that is a change in our support guidance. We used to get about $20 million a year on those win-backs that we would have in the support, and now that's going to be recognized forward as opposed to upfront.
Matthew Hedberg: That's extremely helpful, guys. Maybe as a follow-up then, Andy, I think you referenced 70% of customers prefer subscription offerings; obviously, good success so far. I'm curious if you're talking to a new customer that either doesn't want to convert early or choose his license over subscription, so the inverse of what you've been seeing here, what are the main reasons they go that route?
Andrew Miller: Probably inertia.
James Heppelmann: Yeah. I was going to say, they're adding more to a contract relationship they already have.
Andrew Miller: Yeah.
James Heppelmann: There are some companies who have CFOs or whatever that say we're better off in the long run with an asset purchase.
Andrew Miller: Yeah.
James Heppelmann: So there are those out there, but I think inertia is the main reason.
Matthew Hedberg: Great. Thanks a lot. Congrats, guys.
James Heppelmann: Yep. Thank you.
Andrew Miller: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Mr. Ed Maguire, CLSA. Your line is open.
Edward Maguire: Hi. Good afternoon. I was curious what your take would be on the competitive landscape with Cisco having acquired Jasper, which really takes out one of the premier pure-play IoT platforms and whether that's had any impact on your conversations with customers so far?
James Heppelmann: No. In fact, Jasper is complementary to what we do in our suite. We do not compete with them. We view them as a partner before Cisco acquired them and we view them as a partner afterwards. So what they do is very important. It's a very nice company. They do a very important specialty item in the value chain of IoT, which is commissioning the new cellular devices, which is something we don't do actually. So no impact at this point on the competitive situation.
Edward Maguire: Great. And a question on the field service offering with ServiceMax. It was an impressive demonstration. I'm curious at this point, how far along you may be at least with some of the initial implementations, and whether you ultimately see this tying back to across really the whole portfolio? How long do you think it will take before you get customers fully engaged with the solution to the point, where they can start to have an organic impact across platforms and solutions?
James Heppelmann: Yeah. So with ServiceMax, specifically, we have a couple of customers in production now. We put the product in the market and a couple of lighthouse customers now have in production. It's a big part of the ServiceMax story right now. So they're out there advocating for the vision of connected service, and that vision then pulls our connectivity and analytics and now AR and VR technologies into their story. So that's great. If you look at the rest of our suite, there's the rest of our SLM suite and then the rest of our solutions suite. The ThingWorx and Vuforia technologies are starting to poke up all over the place. And, in fact, if you look at SLM, analytics is going to play a huge role in our SLM suite around predictive analytics and more thoughtful algorithms for spare parts inventory optimization. We're seeing that AR/VR stuff is going to have a huge role in terms of delivering technical documentation out to the field along with ServiceMax. So I think that it's starting to show up all over in SLM. I mentioned this Navigate product we shipped with Windchill 11. That's like a new user interface for Windchill, especially, for casual users beyond the hardcore engineering users, that's basically built on ThingWorx. And we're going to bring to market a technology we demonstrated at the ThingEvent. It wasn't part of the broadcast, but it was there, which was augmented and virtual reality design reviews, will show up in Windchill, and that is just jaw-dropping, sexy, powerful stuff. So that's sort of Vuforia joining ThingWorx in the PLM suite. And then, of course, all the authoring of this 3D content is done in CAD. Every single demonstration that was done in the ThingEvent and the one that Microsoft did in their keynote was Creo CAD data put to work in the field service scenarios or the HoloLens demo that Microsoft did was actually a sales and marketing scenario. Let me bring a piece of equipment in the room here and show it to you as if we were in a sales studio, or what you call, showroom. Thank you. So let me turn this room into a showroom, and I'll bring whatever piece of equipment you want and I'll put it as a hologram in the room and we'll talk about it. It's really cool stuff. But the thing driving that is CAD data. And, of course, you can't get the CAD data without understanding the configuration. So we have to turn to Windchill, hey, what's the configuration of that piece of equipment, turn to Creo, how would you put all those parts together in three-dimensional space, then turn to VR and Vuforia and say, okay, make a hologram of that, and then, Microsoft's HoloLens helps you to see it. So it's pretty exciting stuff. And I think that the world's starting to really get it that IoT and AR, VR and analytics is peas in a pod with CAD and PLM and ALM and SLM. So it's starting to make a lot of sense. We'll really resonate on that point at our LiveWorx event. That will be the key message, because the LiveWorx event will take the historical core customer base and the new technology base and bring them together in a single event for the first time.
Edward Maguire: Great. Thank you very much.
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Ed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mr. Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yes. Thank you. Good evening. Jim, Andy, I'd like to ask if you could talk about how you're balancing the strategic initiatives you talked about in your opening remarks versus the cost management and restructuring that you've recently done. So, for example, we noticed just doing a quick spot check on your website that there was recently a reasonably significant increase in the number of open positions you're looking to fill, particularly, to services, which was really interesting, big increase in cloud openings, which makes sense, of course, and even marketing. So I'm wondering how you're thinking about adding to your head count behind the key initiatives versus balancing costs as you've done with the restructuring? And also, your sales head count has been pretty flat now for a number of quarters. So are you at the point where you're prepared to start rebuilding that sales head count number?
James Heppelmann: Yeah, okay. You got a series of questions there. What I think the main answer to your question is portfolio management. I think for decades, Jay, every year we just kept doing what we were doing in the previous year. And right now we're being a lot more dynamic about it. We're seeing what's the best way to use these resources. And we're moving them around. We're taking people; we're doing something that wasn't generating that much value in its 10th, 20th, 30th year and we're putting them on things that are jaw-dropping new concepts for R&D. We're looking at sales and marketing and we're saying – the way to really grow this company is to figure out how to do it without having to have commensurate growth in the sales force. Why don't we figure out how to tap into marketing ideas, better lead to revenue programs, new forms of selling that every other software company on the planet uses. And some interesting things that happened with the acquisitions we made, if you look at, for example, the Kepware business, they only have three sales reps and the productivity per rep is off the charge; it's many, many millions of dollars per rep. That's because they basically have perfected marketing-led, low-touch sales model. And then, if you look at Vuforia, Vuforia has – last time I saw the number – 210,000, quote, unquote, customers, and zero sales reps. So now they have one. So we're acquiring companies who are teaching us new things and we're hungry for knowledge now because we've got different attitude than we had for decades. We have an attitude that we're going to win as a high-tech company and we're going to do it by growing, but we don't have to get fat to grow, because there's plenty of portfolio management opportunity in a company of this size, we just have to be smarter about how to deploy our resources sometimes into marketing versus sales, sometimes into new ideas versus old; but make sure the whole portfolio works. I know that maybe behind your question, there's questions like are we spending enough money on CAD, and sometimes I laugh because companies I think about a lot are companies like Onshape, and I say how many developers they have, 20, 30, maybe. I mean, I only have 400. So I'm worried about somebody who has substantially less resources, but I'm worried because they might be innovating more. So then I ask my question, I'm not going to win the battle by putting the largest army on the field, I'm going to win the battle by innovating more, now we're back to portfolio management. Is it better to write a line of code in Vuforia or in Creo? They're all 3D products. So let's look for the way to innovate most, and we can – like I said, we can aim to innovate and grow without aiming to get fat in the process.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: All right. That's fair. That actually wasn't my hidden question, but I understand what you mean. Just a follow-up then on IoT. To what extent can you characterize the multi-product or multi-brand sales you're doing within IoT, where two or more of the various acquired brands are a part of the transaction?
James Heppelmann: Yeah. So that is a good thoughtful question. So let me talk a little bit about that. So in general, we want to present to the world an integrated platform called ThingWorx. Now that said, there was a couple elements of ThingWorx, it'd have independent brand equity, which is substantial. And behind that substantial customer base is our developer communities; and that's Kepware and Vuforia. So I think what's going to happen is we're going to have a Kepware and Vuforia presence, the standalone for people who have been buying it that way. And then those are going to come together with ColdLight and ThingWorx in an integrated platform called ThingWorx, if that makes sense.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yes. Okay. Thanks, Jim.
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Jay.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Ms. Monika Garg with Pacific Crest. Your line is open.
James Heppelmann: Hey, Monica.
Monika Garg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First on the mix-adjusted basis, your revenue for the quarter would have in higher than the upper-end of the guidance. Was the better results mainly due to moving maintenance customers some of those to the subscription, or was the strength due to something else as well?
Andrew Miller: Well, it's a combination of both, because basically it was go-to-market improved execution, and then, secondly, the incremental ACV from conversions. Those were the two outside elements.
Monika Garg: Got it. Then on the IoT revenue, except for the Kepware revenue in it, which you said is about $5 million, is the rest of it mainly subscription? Or is there some perpetual part in it? And then, the GE deal what you talked about with ThingWorx is that on perpetual basis or that is in the subscription side?
Andrew Miller: So excluding Kepware, it's principally subscription occasionally there can be a perpetual deal; usually, it's a large customer that would drive perpetual [indiscernible].
James Heppelmann: Yes, I think it was 90%-ish.
Andrew Miller: Yes, but it's principally subscription.
James Heppelmann: Yeah. As it relates to the GE...
Andrew Miller: 96% [indiscernible].
James Heppelmann: As it relates to the GE deal, I'm actually not sure. That was perpetual subscription.
Andrew Miller: I don't know the answer to that.
James Heppelmann: Yeah, sorry, Monika.
Monika Garg: Okay. Thank you so much.
James Heppelmann: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Next is from Gal Munda of Berenberg. Your line is open.
James Heppelmann: Hey, Gal.
Gal Munda: Thank you for taking my question. For the first one, can you just talk a bit about sales channel in IoT? Is it mainly direct? Or do you sell through partners now as well?
James Heppelmann: Yeah. That's a good question, Gal. There are two channels. So our technology platform group is not selling direct; it's selling through channels. And it views the PTC Solutions sales force as one of its channels. So it is a level of the CEO and the CFO. We would say we have a direct channel selling at in multiple indirect channels. The direct channel today is bigger than the other indirect channels. But they're gaining momentum. And at some point in time – and I can't say precisely when, but at some point in time, we would expect those curves to cross. We are having a good amount of success and a growing amount of success selling the IoT platform through channels other than the PTC direct sales force.
Gal Munda: Okay. Great. My other question is just linked to the split of bookings between solutions and the TPC. I know you don't really disclose it, but can you say at least where the beat of that extra $5 million on top end of the guidance came from? Was it mainly Solutions? Is it safe to assume that?
James Heppelmann: Yes.
Andrew Miller: Yeah. That was primarily only Solutions.
Gal Munda: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Last question in the queue is coming from Mr. Josh Sullivan of Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
James Heppelmann: Good afternoon.
Josh Sullivan: Hey. Maybe just a follow-up to the multi-product question. You mentioned the land and expand premium model. Can you help us frame that? Maybe what's the percent upside from when you land the client in IoT to the full expansion premium?
James Heppelmann: Yeah. So, Josh, to be frank, we're in the midst of changing that model, which is a little bit what I said about the logo number being a funny number now. We used to land with the direct sales force and then expand also with the direct sales force. And landing with the direct sales force is a fairly expensive proposition. So what we'd like to do is land in a low touch manner, let the customers convince themselves how great the technology is and call us up when they want to expand. So that model's changing. And there's some pretty exciting numbers. For example, there is about 10,000 new developers who have joined our ThingWorx developer community since the beginning of the fiscal year. And about 4,000 them have downloaded software and done something with it. So that's what I mean about opening the aperture. I know we have 4,000 people playing with it. There will be a hit rate. But I like for many thousands of people to play with it some subset of those people to convince themselves as pretty good, and then, send the direct sales force and to grow the deal. I think that's a more efficient model than using a direct sales force to land the first transaction. On the logo metric, though, I didn't say that we had 4,000 new logos, because that wouldn't be credible. That's why, I'm saying that that metric is funny now, because we've changed the way we operationalize the business, but we're using the metric that we've been using and probably need to continue through the balance of the year, but that's what's going on there.
Josh Sullivan: Okay. Well, okay. And then maybe just a follow-up. Is there any way to break down how many of those customers are just in the land stage versus how many of them have moved up the ladder?
James Heppelmann: Yeah. I don't have that because this program is quite new. I know how many have entered it. Not that many since the beginning of the fiscal year. It would be a fairly small number that we've landed through this low touch model, have expanded anything. So most of the expansions that are happening now are things we probably landed last fiscal year with a more direct approach. We need more time to get to the point where we can provide any meaningful commentary on that.
Josh Sullivan: Okay. Thank you.
James Heppelmann: Again, what I would tell you is it's a proven model in the Kepware and Vuforia business. It works beautifully. So we're camping from ourselves here.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. At this time, there are no further questions. I would now like to hand the call back to Mr. Tim Fox.
Tim Fox: Thanks, Cindy. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the call today. We do have a very busy tech conference lineup this quarter as well as LiveWorx in June, as Jim mentioned. We look forward to seeing you at one or more of these upcoming events. If we don't, we'll update you certainly on our next quarterly call in July. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please follow up with the Investor Relations team here at PTC. And I'll hand it back to Jim for some closing thoughts.
James Heppelmann: Yeah. So thank you for joining us. I just want to say on behalf of myself and the management team, we have a bold vision for the company we're trying to create here. We're trying to create a company that's a respected technology leader. It's got a subscription business model with double-digit organic growth and margins in the 30%s. And I think that we have some distance to go. But given the progress we're making on all of these fronts, we're at the point where we're starting to see a glimmer of light at the end of the tunnel and it's pretty exciting. So if we do that, we're going to create a lot of value for you and for everybody and it will be a great thing. So thanks for joining us and look forward to talking to you 90 days from now, if not sooner. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-01-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox - VP, IR Jim Heppelmann - President & CEO Andrew Miller - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Matt Swanson - RBC Capital Markets Ed Maguire - CLSA Steve Koenig - Wedbush Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities
Operator: Welcome to PTC 2016 First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to turn over the conference to our host, Mr. Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Good afternoon. Thank you, Winna and welcome to PTC's 2016 first quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer and Barry Cohen, EVP of Strategy. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast and a replay of the call will be available later today on our investor relations website. During this call PTC will make forward-looking statements including guidance regarding future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found on PTC's annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as well as in today's press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call, are valid only as of today's date, January 20, 2016. And PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found on today's press release, made available on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to PTC's CEO, Jim Heppelmann.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. Let me begin with a brief review of the quarter. We were pleased to begin FY '16 on a solid note. Bookings of $69 million were near the high end of our guidance range. Revenue of $292 million was within our guidance range and EPS of $0.50 was far above the high end of guidance. However, it's important to note that we delivered these strong revenue and EPS results despite a significantly higher subscription mix than we guided to. In fact, had our subscription mix been the 18% that we guided to, our revenue would have been above the high end of our guidance range and EPS would have been even higher. Offsetting the impact of the higher mix of subscription, EPS benefited from a more favorable tax rate in the quarter as well as good expense management. All in all, this was a solid start to the quarter -- or to the year. As we discussed during our Q4 2015 earnings call, we anticipated that the tough macroeconomic conditions facing us in the back half of FY '15 would persist into FY '16. At that time, we also built incremental caution into our outlook to account for our reorganization and realignment activities and to account for potentially smaller average deal sizes from the subscription business model transition. While we were pleased to deliver strong results relative to our guidance, our year-over-year bookings performance does not reflect what we believe are significant underlying strengths in our in our business that will drive long-term shareholder value. In order to maximize long-term shareholder value, as we discussed in our FY '16 analyst day last November, there are three key initiatives we're focused on. Number one is to increase our top-line growth. Number two is to continue our margin expansion. And number three is our conversion to a subscription business model. Let me touch on each of these initiatives within the context of our first quarter results. And, of course, I'll start with growth. PTC has established an early market leadership position in the high-growth IoT market and our momentum continued this quarter with the technology platform group performing ahead of internal expectations. This performance was driven by strong growth in new ThingWorx customers as well as follow-on business from previously landed customers. We grew our IoT new logo count 55% year-over-year, landing 65 new IoT customers in the quarter. We continue to see many blue-chip names in a variety of verticals applying PTC's IoT platform to many different use cases within their operations. And just a few weeks ago at the big Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, PTC's vision and technology portfolio and market momentum was recognized when we received the prestigious IoT Innovation Vendor of the Year award from more than 60 present analysts in a voting process driven by Compass Intelligence. We also continue to make progress on the connected manufacturing front which is seen as one of the most compelling IoT value creation opportunities. On the heels of our brilliant manufacturing partnership announced with GE last quarter, our joint sales teams are building pipeline and the opportunity looks promising. This GE-branded solution which is powered by ThingWorx, is targeted both at PTC's large installed base of manufacturing customers, who are exploring connected factory strategies, as well as at GE's own manufacturing customers in places like process manufacturing and infrastructure outside the PTC customer base. We had a further expansion of the relationship this past quarter, when GE licensed ThingWorx to embed in another of their existing manufacturing automation software products. And just last week, we announced that we closed the acquisition of Kepware, extending our factory automation footprint and accelerating our entry into the industrial Internet of Things. Kepware is the market-leading provider of software that connects to the types of equipment you find in industrial automation environments. Kepware serves customers in more than 120 countries and in such industries as manufacturing, oil and gas, building automation and power and utilities. The company's flagship product, called KEPServerEX, provides a common way to connect to a wide variety of the proprietary protocols used by industrial automation devices and control systems from different vendors. This allows customers to create a single common source of industrial data from the heterogeneous mix of equipment deployed in their factories and in their industrial infrastructure operations. Kepware is a great fit for PTC's IoT strategy, because it enables machine data from existing equipment to be readily aggregated into our ThingWorx platform, where it can be combined with a wide variety of other information and then analyzed using ThingWorx machine learning capabilities. The integration will allow organizations to gain tremendous, enterprise wide insight and to proactively optimize critical manufacturing processes which is the basis for improving their operational performance. Back in 2015, McKinsey published a report that indicated that 30% of the full economic value of IoT will be achieved in automated factory and industrial settings. And the acquisition of Kepware provides a fast-to-value connectivity solution that will enable our customers to achieve that value proposition. A second area of growth we outlined at our analyst day was the opportunity to reinvigorate our core solutions with this new ThingWorx technology platform. We took our first step with the recent launch of Windchill 11, the industry's first smart, connected PLM solution. With this major new release, we now offer a PLM system that bridges the digital and the physical world. PTC's Windchill 11 has embedded ThingWorx technology to integrate data from physical products, from Web-based resources and from enterprise software systems. Windchill 11 is a powerful example of how we're leveraging IoT in our core solutions and you should expect to see other connected solutions launched in the coming quarters across our product portfolio. Similarly, you might have seen an announcement from ServiceMax in the last week or two, announcing their availability of a connected field service automation solution which is a solution that allows field service technicians to similarly benefit from connectivity back to the products, using the ThingWorx technology. If you wish to see some exciting further evidence of how we're marrying our core solutions with our new technology platform, we encourage you to register and attend online PTC's ThingEvent live webstream on January 28. This launch event stars our ThingWorx and Vuforia brands, with major supporting roles played by Creo and Servigistics. At this fast-moving event, we'll use numerous live customer examples to show how augmented reality coupled with IoT, CAD, PLM and SLM will completely change the way you interact with things in the Internet of Things era. You can go to thingevent.com and join more than 10,000 registrants -- by far the most ever for a PTC event -- and seeing the revolutionary approaches we're taking toward delivering IoT innovation to our traditional manufacturing customers. The world has never seen technology like we plan to show at this event. It's very exciting. Finally, with respect to growth, as I mentioned last quarter, we're focused on improving execution in our traditional core business -- particularly in CAD and PLM. And we reorganized the company to drive such focus. We're making good progress in our reorganization into two main business units. And Craig Hayman, our new President of this Solution Group, has been on board for about two months and has already assumed a strong leadership role in the company. To close out on the growth topic, I'll remind you that our growth initiative is really targeted at the midterm and long-term and that the great progress we're making in the subscription arena is a big headwind to near-term revenue growth as we go through the transition, after which it will become a strong growth tailwind. Let me turn now to our second initiative to drive shareholder value which is to further increase our margins. In Q1 of 2016 we continued to demonstrate our commitment to driving long-term margin expansion, with operating expenses squarely in line with our guidance. As with growth, our accelerated transition to a subscription model will have a near-term impact on our reported margins, because it means we're deferring revenue recognition into the future, yet we continue to see a path to non-GAAP operating margin in the low 30s once the business model fully normalizes from the transition in 2021. When combined with our commitment to return 40% of free cash flow, we believe we're well positioned to drive substantial value for our shareholders. Before I turn the call over to Andy, I'd like to highlight the early progress were making on our third key strategic initiative which is our conversion to a subscription business model. In Q1 of 2016 which was the first quarter of our Phase 2 subscription program, the mix of subscription bookings was 28% -- well ahead of our guidance of 18%. With our technology platform group already primarily subscription-based, the upside in the quarter came from our solutions group, where we saw positive adoption trends, particularly in PLM and SLM. While one quarter does not make a trend, we're very encouraged by the Q1 performance and by our subscription pipeline which is building nicely as more of our sales reps ramp up on the new offerings. Given the solid Q1 subscription performance as well as the growing pipeline, we're raising our expectation for subscription mix from 25% of our bookings to 30% for the full fiscal year. In addition, at the start of Q1 we launched a program to encourage our existing customers to transition their maintenance or support contracts at their renewal points to more valuable subscription contracts. Of course, our objective is to do so at a higher annual contract value and we're seeing some good early progress here as well. In the first quarter, 12 customers converted their maintenance contracts to subscription at an ACV uplift that generally ranged from about 25% to more than 50% above the prior annual support amount. I'll remind you that the long-term business model we presented at our investor day did not include any assumption that our large support revenue base would transition to subscription, so this could represent a significant upside to our long-term business model. And we see an even stronger pipeline of potential conversions as we enter Q2. This is certainly a promising data point and we'll continue to update you on this program throughout the year. As a reminder, these transition bookings are not fully represented in the subscription mix calculation, because with the conversion we decided that only the incremental amount in excess of the prior annual support run rate should be included in our calculation of ACV bookings and a subscription mix percentage. All in all, I believe we're making solid progress in our transition to a subscription business model. So to wrap up, at PTC we have three levers that can drive significant shareholder value, top-line growth, profit expansion and the subscription transition. On the growth front, if we continue to win in the technology platform business while improving execution in our core solutions business, we will drive a lot of value. On the margin expansion front, we've already created a lot of value over the past few years. And we know that our work on margins is not yet finished. And on the subscription front, we're off to a great start in Q1. And as we push aggressively toward our goal of 70% of new bookings being subscription by 2018, we'll create a lot of value for shareholders as well. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Miller: Thanks, Jim; and good afternoon, everyone. Please note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results unless otherwise specified. Total first quarter revenue of $292 million was down $35 million year-over-year, as reported. The decrease in total revenue was driven primarily from a $21 million impact from FX and an $11 million constant currency decrease in professional services, consistent with our strategy to migrate more service engagements to our partners. A higher mix of subscription bookings which is a positive for the business over time, also negatively impacted in the quarter. Bookings of $69 million were near the high end of guidance. On a year-over-year basis, bookings decreased 7% in constant currency, consistent with our expectations, primarily driven by PLM in the Americas. With weak macroeconomic conditions in the industrial markets, particularly in the Americas, we had fewer large deals in Q1 last year which accounted for the decrease. Despite a significantly higher mix of subscription bookings in our guidance, software revenue -- which consists of license, subscription and support -- was still within our guidance range, albeit at the low end. Subscription bookings comprised 28% of total bookings versus our guidance of 18%. This higher mix of subscriptions resulted in lower license revenue than our guidance of approximately $7 million. Adjusting for the higher mix, our total revenue would have been approximately $300 million which would have been above the high end of our guidance. Subscription ACV in the quarter was $11 million, ahead of our guidance of $6 million. On a reported basis, software revenue was down 8% year-over-year due to the impact of currency, a higher mix of subscriptions and lower bookings. Excluding currency and mix, software revenue was down 1%. Approximately 80% of our Q1 software revenue was recurring, up from 75% a year ago. Clearly, this growth in recurring software revenue represents a very positive trend in our business and will drive cash flow in subsequent quarters. Annualized recurring revenue was approximately $754 million which increased 6% on a constant currency basis compared to Q1 2015. Moving to the income statement, gross margin increased by 160 basis points. The key driver was the lower mix of professional services revenue in the quarter which was 17% of revenue in Q1 2016 versus 20% in Q1 2015. Operating expense in the first quarter of $159 million was in our guidance range and was down $12 million or about 7% from last year, primarily driven by FX and cost actions we initiated. Q1 operating margin of 21% was slightly below our guidance of 22% due to the higher mix of subscriptions and resulting lower perpetual license revenue. Adjusting for this, operating margin would have been 23% in Q1, exceeding our guidance. Operating margin was down 60 basis points from Q1 last year, as reported, but would have been up 40 basis points if adjusted for currency and up 80 basis points if adjusted for currency and the higher mix of subscription. EPS of $0.50 was above the high end of guidance and this is after factoring in a higher subscription mix which negatively impacted EPS by $0.05. We would have beat by $0.10 with our 18% guidance subscription mix assumption. EPS benefited from a favorable tax rate resulting from several discrete items in the quarter, including the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit as well as a forecasted mix of earnings that is more international. If we were to apply our guidance tax rate of 18% for the quarter, Q1 EPS would have been $0.46 on a mix-adjusted basis, still above our guidance range. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and investments were up $23 million from Q4 2015 at $297 million. We had strong non-GAAP operating cash flow in the quarter of $78 million. As we stated on our Q4 2015 earnings call, we remain committed to returning 40% of free cash flow to shareholders but expect buybacks to be in the back half of FY '16. Now, turning to guidance, let me remind you of some of the general considerations that are factored into our guidance. First, as Jim highlighted, we're making solid progress on our reorganization and workforce restructuring. However, we continue to factor some potential disruption into our guidance, especially in the first half of the year. Second, while our Q1 bookings were near the high end of our guidance and while we believe we continue to have momentum in our IoT business, we're cautious of the macroeconomic environment, especially in the Americas and China. Third, subscription is still new to much of our sales force and it tends to be a land-and-expand transaction model -- different from the old big-deal enterprise play. So we could see smaller deal sizes. Fourth, our guidance assumes current foreign currency exchange rates. In addition to the above four considerations, there are three new items that we're now reflecting in our guidance. Absent these three items, we would not be making any changes to our prior top- and bottom-line full-year guidance. First, we closed the Kepware acquisition last week. And as such, we're updating our guidance to include Kepware. Second, as Jim mentioned, the solid Q1 subscription results and growing pipeline of subscription deals is resulting in an increase to our outlook for the full-year subscription mix. A higher mix of subscription bookings benefits us over the long term but results in lower revenue and lower earnings in the near term. The third item offsetting the EPS impact of the higher mix of subscription is the tax benefit that we recorded in Q1. Factoring this into our full-year guidance reduces our full-year effective tax rate, increasing our non-GAAP EPS. Again, let me repeat, absent these three considerations, there would have been no change to the full-year top- and bottom-line guidance that we provided last quarter. We've included a reconciliation of our new full-year guidance to the guidance we provided last quarter in our prepared remarks which have been posted to our investor relations website. Now for the specifics, first, we expect Kepware to contribute about $16 million in total revenue for the full year -- about $14 million of license revenue and $2 million of support. We expect Kepware to be neutral to $0.01 accretive to our full-year non-GAAP EPS guidance. Second, we now expect 30% of our full-year bookings will be subscription versus our previous guidance of 25%. The 30% subscription mix guidance is a blend of our organic subscription mix which we expect to be approximately 31%; and the Kepware license bookings which are 100% perpetual. This higher mix of subscription will result in about $16 million less revenue, offsetting the Kepware increase above and about $0.10 lower non-GAAP EPS. Third, we now expect a full-year non-GAAP tax rate of 12% to 15%. We expect our tax rate for the rest of the year to be 15% to 20%, consistent with our previous full-year guidance tax rate. This, along with strong Q1 results and the potential small EPS contribution from Kepware, essentially offsets the lower EPS from the higher mix of subscription. With these factors in mind, we now expect bookings in the range of $334 million to $364 million for fiscal 2016. This is up $14 million from our prior guidance to include Kepware. We expect subscription ACV of $50 million to $55 million. This is up $10 million from our prior guidance due to the higher mix of subscription bookings. We expect total revenue in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.22 billion for fiscal 2016. This reflects a contribution from Kepware, offset by the impact of the higher mix of subscription. Included in our revenue guidance, we now expect subscription revenue of $100 million, up $10 million from our prior guidance; perpetual license revenue of $235 million to $255 million, down $5 million from prior guidance; support revenue of $665 million, down $5 million from prior guidance, resulting in total software revenue of $1.0 billion to $1.02 billion. We continue to expect global services revenue of approximately $200 million. We continue to expect an increase in our services margin by about 130 basis points to 16% and remain committed to a 20% services margin by FY '18. With the addition of Kepware, we now expect FY '16 operating expenses of $643 million to $656 million. With the higher mix of subscription and addition of Kepware, we're now guiding to an operating margin of approximately 22% in FY '16. We're now assuming a tax rate of 12% to 15% for the full year, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $1.80 to $1.90 per share, based upon approximately 116 million shares outstanding. We continue to expect free cash flow of $215 million to $225 million for the year, despite the higher mix of subscription. For the second quarter, we expect bookings in the range of $71 million to $81 million, with about 26% subscription mix. We expect total revenue in the range of $290 million to $295 million for Q2. Included in our revenue guidance, we expect subscription revenue of $24 million; perpetual license revenue of $55 million to $60 million; support revenue of $162 million, resulting in total software revenue of $241 million to $246 million. We expect global services revenue of approximately $49 million, a decrease of $11 million from Q2 a year ago. Note that FX compared to Q2 2015 reduced our midpoint revenue guidance by $8 million. The higher mix of subscription reduced our midpoint revenue guidance by $9 million. And we're guiding a constant currency reduction of $9 million in global services. In total, these three factors result in $26 million lower revenue than last year. Without these, our midpoint guidance for Q2 represents about 1% revenue growth. We expect OpEx in the range of $164 million to $166 million and an operating margin of approximately 19%. We're assuming a tax rate of 16%, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $0.33 to $0.38 per share, based upon approximately 116 million shares outstanding. One final item, we believe we're very close to reaching a settlement with the SEC and DOJ on the China matter. This quarter we accrued an additional $1.6 million for potential withholding taxes, to bring the total accrual to approximately $30 million. We do not expect any further increases to the settlement amount. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A. Winna?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Sir, you may ask your question.
Sterling Auty: Let's start with the macro. You gave a lot of good detail, but I think it's still on everybody's minds and I know it's very difficult to quantify, but looking at some of the macroeconomic indicators, what are the things that we should be looking for to tell how much you have actually factored into the guidance and when we should be concerned that maybe additional steps might have to be taken in terms of estimates?
Jim Heppelmann: Sterling, it's Jim here. I don't think we see any meaningful disconnect between the situation we're all reading about and kind of what our plans were. I think if we go back to our November analyst day, we were quite pessimistic on China. We had been watching that situation slow down for some time. We were also quite pessimistic on the U.S. You know, the strong dollar has really been problematic for U.S. industrial companies. And at the time we felt pretty good about Europe and China and I mean--
Andrew Miller: Japan.
Jim Heppelmann: I'm sorry, Japan. Thank you, Andy. It's an important correction. And that's kind of how we read the situation today. So I think maybe the rest of the world caught up to a perspective we shared with you back in November. And I think as we sit here today, we don't see the situation different from the guidance we had given you.
Sterling Auty: I think that's great. Looking at the subscription side, you mentioned how the solutions group saw good SLM and PLM performance. Just kind of curious, when you look at the pipeline, do you think it's going to start to balance and see even some CAD come into it? So what does that pipeline of interest in subscription look like? And then, just on the IoT side, did you actually do any perpetual deals in the quarter?
Andrew Miller: Yes, so actually CAD wasn't very far below the SLM. And, in fact, our channel -- even though our focus was on the direct side, our channel was in the high teens as far as their subscription mix percentage. You know, that's 80% CAD/15% PLM. So CAD, frankly, was in the high teens as far as the percentage of the business that was subscription. So that seems to be moving along well also. And as we shared in our prepared remarks, the Americas in total was in the mid-30%s as far as what percentage was subscription and Europe wasn't far behind, in the low 30s%. So we're seeing good execution on the subscription front. And when we look in the pipeline, we're actually seeing subscription building more -- which, of course, those deals will close as they age and mature in the latter part of the year. And some are even in the next year time frame. The other thing that I highlighted on IT, we did have one pretty sizable deal -- it would classify as what we used to call a large deal. That was perpetual this quarter.
Jim Heppelmann: It really came from a customer who was adding to a previous perpetual purchase.
Andrew Miller: Exactly.
Jim Heppelmann: And with an add-on purchase, it's a little challenging to change the business model.
Andrew Miller: Exactly. The rest of that business was, frankly, pretty much all subscription at this point in time. So we're really pleased with that. And the other thing that Jim highlighted was while our conversion program really has only been something the sales force has known about for just over two months and of course, it takes a while to do it -- we're seeing very strong early indicators of how that could really add some value to the company, especially the pipeline as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Hedberg from RBC Capital. Sir, you may ask your question.
Matt Swanson: This is actually Matt Swanson on for Matt. Following up on Sterling's questions, you mentioned the challenging macro environment. Is there any potential with the smaller deal sizes and the lower upfront costs of this accelerating the subscription transition?
Jim Heppelmann: Well, I do think for a company who wants to move forward with a project in a difficult economic environment, the subscription model is more palatable. You know, I don't think we could say that affected our results one way or the other in the past quarter. But I think in general, that's the benefit of the model. Because in the perpetual model, you know, there's a big incentive for the long run to do a big buy upfront in order to get a discount level that makes your business model where your value proposition, let's say, worked the way that you want it to. But then it's difficult in a difficult environment make that big purchase. So I think the subscription model allows you to get started and then layer in more later and later get the benefit of bigger discounts if you want to make bigger commitments. But upfront you don't have to commit yourself to that.
Matt Swanson: And then, obviously, this was a very strong quarter, it sounds like, for the subscription transition. And I was just wondering, since the Q4 update and the analyst day, what kind of general channel reception you've been getting on the strategic direction and if there's any necessary changes to the channel promotions to accelerate the transition?
Andrew Miller: So, you know, because 80% of the business, 75%, 80% of the business is direct, of course, our program is focused on the direct side. And frankly, it's a little bit -- we have to make it more channel-friendly. But despite that, what we're hearing is the channel partners, frankly, understand and for the most part like it, according to our internal surveys. And they also like the conversion program, because obviously that helps them from a cash flow perspective get over the hump. And to be in the high teens this early in the program, when really our focused was on the direct side, was certainly a very, very strong start. So just like our direct sales reps, our channel sales reps need to learn how to sell monthly payments. But that's the kind of thing -- once people figure it out, it's great. Oh, would you like this extra module? It's only $199 a month or something like that. So it gives them easy way to continue to upsell and get into the accounts. So we're off to a good start. Even though it wasn't our primary focus, we're off to a good start, feeling good about it. And it is, frankly, a major focus area as we move into the current quarter next quarter.
Matt Swanson: And if I could just add one more quick one, I know most of the restructuring was done here in Q1. Now that you've seen it, do you have a better idea of what sort of annual savings could happen from the 8% headcount reduction?
Andrew Miller: Well, we gave that last quarter -- that we expect the net savings to be about $17 million, because part of that restructuring was done, number one, to enable us to invest in other parts of the business, including to have Vuforia be non-dilutive to our results. And another piece of it was to fund our bonus programs that -- you know, for the executives who were not funded last year and for the rest of the employees who were only funded to a small percentage. So this year we have it significantly higher. If we achieve our performance objectives, our plan has a much higher compensation element in there. So we wanted to be able to do those while still making operating margin improvements, absent the subscription mix transition. Okay?
Operator: Our next question is from Ed Maguire from CLSA. Sir, you may ask your question.
Ed Maguire: I wanted to ask, what is behind the outperformance, as it were or higher mix of subscriptions? Was it a surprise to you? And was there -- is there any particular type of customer or product that you're seeing a faster-than-expected subscription uptake?
Andrew Miller: So we didn't communicate to our sales force all the changes in the details of our subscription program until the very beginning of October, because we didn't want it to slow down Q4 business. And so what we saw is -- you know, we do incent our sales reps to sell subscription over perpetual, as well as -- we re-bundled the products; we repriced the products. And what we have seen is the sales force, while still having to learn how to sell subscription; to learn the plays; learn how to handle objections, all those things, they clearly are motivated to move to subscription which is something that we believed would happen which is why we designed the comp plans that way. But knowing how quickly it's going to happen and how influential they're going to be on, frankly, taking deals. Q1 deals for the most part were pretty much built last year. So how aggressively they could change those into subscription was obviously a big question. So we're pleased with the progress is all I can say. And the color I'd give you is that -- so PLM was the most subscriptions, followed by SLM. And CAD was only, like, a couple hundred basis points behind as far as how much of that business was subscription. And, of course, IoT is primarily subscription, but we had a large perpetual deal. By geo, I already highlighted the Americas and Europe. We saw, believe it or not, in APAC -- excluding Japan -- we saw many-fold increase. Tim, do you recall the number off of the top of your head? It ended up -- go ahead.
Tim Fox: Yes, it went from the low single digits to the high teens year over year.
Andrew Miller: Yes, in the first quarter. And it often takes longer to get a program implemented in Asia than it does in the Americas or Europe. Japan had a very large perpetual deal, so they were in the single digits as far as the percentage of their business that was subscription. But their pipeline looks good. So, you know, one quarter doesn't make a trend. And we're not calling victory after one quarter, but we're certainly pleased with how the program has taken off.
Ed Maguire: And if I could ask about the Kepware acquisition, how that fits with your partnership with GE and whether you are able to -- if you could discuss a little bit about their model; how much of a subscription component there is to it; and whether -- what changes you're expecting to make in the overall sales effort to fold them in; and what potential synergies could come from that? Thank you.
Jim Heppelmann: Kepware is a nice acquisition. Again, what they provide is software that allows you to connect to equipment, especially when all that equipment didn't come from one single vendor. So each vendor has sort of a proprietary way to connect to their equipment. So if you're running a factory or a sewerage treatment plant or an oil and gas refinery or something like that and you have equipment from many different vendors, then you're just kind of scratching your head, saying, what should I do? And all of those vendors are pitching a story to you about just buy from them which, of course, isn't practical. So that's where Kepware fits in. And Kepware has strong market share in terms of being able to solve the mix vendor problem of infrastructure coming from many companies. Many of the companies who provide this infrastructure, including GE, license Kepware. So in fact GE is already a partner of Kepware and this just simplifies that partnership. Many of the other big suppliers of equipment also use Kepware, because they need a solution when a customer says, well, how are you going to connect to all the stuff I didn't buy from you? And the answer tends to be Kepware. So Kepware has a fairly low-touch sales model. A tremendous amount of this stuff is sold over the phone and transacted over the Web. It's a simple product that works well; it doesn't require a lot of consulting or anything like that. So we think it's a good model that scales profitably. It's a well-run company. And this is business that -- it has, I don't know, somewhere between 15,000 and 20,000 customers. We're going to be able to introduce ThingWorx to those customers as value-added to how they are using Kepware. And in the meantime, we're going to be able to use Kepware to kind of strengthen our proposition anytime we or partners like GE go into an environment where there's infrastructure already in place from multiple vendors and we have to figure out how to make it all work together in an industry 4.0 type of play. So it's a great little acquisition and good piece of technology to have in our portfolio.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Koenig from Wedbush Securities. Sir, you may ask your question.
Steve Koenig: I'll just try to keep it to two here. One is really around the subscription, the transition to subscriptions. Can you give any color on what drove the customers to take the deal, the subscriptions, in the core business? And also, what drove the maintenance customers to convert? And related to that, are you able give us any sort of quantitative help on how much of the 10 points of upside in the subscriptions mix came from the conversion program?
Andrew Miller: So it was 12 customers. So that was a small amount of the upside. You know, we did all those market studies with McKinsey and they shared -- the data that we got from those was that more than 70% of customers prefer subscription in every vertical, every segment, etcetera. So it's not surprising that a properly priced subscription offer that is being pushed by your sales rep which has more attractive bundles than perpetual, that over time our customers are going to move to that. The reason why we believe our transition is going to be a three-year journey is because of the fact we have 30% to 50% of our revenue with our largest customers, their renewal cycles tend to be every three years. And so it will take us three years to get through all of those. We did a lot of work to make sure we came up with product bundles and pricing that would hit our -- you know, kind of the demand elasticity curves that our customers have. And I think that's why they picked it. And it's the same things we went through at investor day as far as what they are looking for. But fundamentally, they like the flexibility subscription gives them. The other part of your question is on the conversion. What we do is we let them take kind of their static support agreement which is for the software that they happen to have, that they probably bought over years; and we let them move to a more flexible model, where they can remix. They get all the benefits of subscription that they don't get from support and that's worth something to them. You know, they might have a bunch of shelfware of a module that they bought to add on top of CAD, but their mechanical engineers want a different module. And we let them do that mix/remix for a premium. That in the first quarter was 25% to 50%. Go ahead, Jim.
Jim Heppelmann: Steve, I was just going to say, kind of in summary -- I was going to make this point earlier; I might have stepped on Ed. You know, when Andy joined us, he put in place, together with his team, a pretty thorough program here that looks at this from every angle. The sales rep wants to do it, because they're going to make more money. The customer probably has some tendency towards subscription anyway; but then we're giving him more flexibility and some more attractive bundles and so forth. So there's been a lot of thought into how to align the planets to make people either want to buy new in a subscription model or take a renewal and flip it over into this new model. So I think we're off to a good start, but it's fundamentally because there's a great program here. And that's something that Andy brought to the company and one of the things we were looking for when we hired him.
Steve Koenig: And if I could follow up with one other question, amidst the good early start on your subscription transition, IoT probably deserves a little more attention too, here. And I'm wondering if you can give some color on what is driving the IoT growth and trends in the business. And ending the quarter, you know, you called out the perpetual deal, but anything else that's driving good growth here with ThingWorx?
Jim Heppelmann: I think if you look at IoT, you know, you can look at it from two perspectives. The main perspective that we think about is new logos. It's an early market and in an early market, market share is everything. And so we've been running a land-and-expand type of go-to-market program which is a little new for us, quite frankly. And so we've really pushed on new logo acquisition. And that's where you see the most impressive data. New logo is up 55%, I think it was. So that's great news. And it's really coming from all angles. We have the direct sales force selling IoT into the traditional customer base. We've got numerous partners, separate and distinct from the PTC sales force, also selling the technology platform around the world. And they're having success. So I think lots of push to grab market share. Then if you look at it other ways, bookings and revenue, if you look at bookings, it's a little more confused, because in the year-ago quarter we had a number of exceptionally large transactions; and this quarter, only one. So from that standpoint the deal size, the average deal size was much different, but really weighted by the fact that last year's business was dominated by a fairly small number of much larger transactions. And this year's business is actually much healthier. It's a much broader set of transactions with more realistic and sort of sustainable transaction sizes. So I think all things considered, it was a pretty good quarter. And it keeps us sort of on track with where we're trying to get which is to outgrow a market that is reported to be growing around 40%. So we feel pretty good about it.
Andrew Miller: Yes. The other thing I'll add is we did beat our internal plan on IoT. So we feel good about where we're at, but we're always trying for more.
Operator: Our next question is from Saket Kalia from Barclays. Sir, you may ask your question.
Saket Kalia: So I just want to start higher level. How much of the subscription mix in solutions is coming from maybe the larger blue-chip manufacturing customers that we've seen PTC historically sell to versus some of the smaller customers that maybe appreciate the financial flexibility a little bit more -- if there is a way to break that out, even qualitatively?
Andrew Miller: So qualitatively, we had some large subscription deals in the quarter. And we look at the pipeline and we have large subscription deals in the pipeline. So of course a larger deal, I think the pipeline is more indicative, because the larger deals -- we've only had the current program in place for a quarter and deals take longer than a quarter to mature and turn into a close. But we have some larger deals in the quarter. And as you look at the pipeline, the pipeline is looking good with both large and small. You know, there are some of our large customers we know are still trying to figure out what they think of a subscription business model. And so, you know, that's simply the way things work in large industrial companies, because it's -- the idea they're going to pay for it forever is something that they are still trying to figure out, is it better for them that way or not? So that's the only thing that I'd say is still out there.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Well and the thing I might say Andy, to balance that out is we had pretty good success at the other end in the channel. So I think it really is -- customers of all sizes are, over time, moving toward a mindset that subscription business is a better way to purchase software. And we're simply aligning with that and putting in place the lubrication that makes it happen.
Saket Kalia: And then for my follow-up, just to zero in on the 2Q guidance for mix a little bit, I think the guidance is for 26%. So slightly down quarter over quarter. And it sounds like we'll have a full quarter of maybe that converting existing customers, right, from maintenance over to subscription. So what were some of the other factors that might take that mix down slightly quarter over quarter?
Andrew Miller: You're talking about the subscription mix?
Saket Kalia: Right.
Andrew Miller: We basically kind of do a high-low midpoint of where it could end up. And at this point we thought 26% was appropriate, because we only have one quarter behind us. So there are more risk and how much of the business is going to be subscription. There's no trend there. The trend as we look in the pipeline, especially as we look to Q3 and Q4, is an increasing mix of subscription as the year progresses.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. And let me be clear on the maintenance or support angle, what kind of happens there. So let's say we have a customer who has a maintenance contract that's due for renewal and they are going to pay us $1 million to renew that maintenance contract. And we get in this discussion of -- maybe we ought to just convert this whole relationship to subscription. And they say, tell me about it. And by the time the discussion is done, we've convinced them to sign a $1.5 million subscription agreement. So what we would do is take $0.5 million and call that a new booking. And the $1 million we were going to get anyway, we just simply move out of the deferred maintenance revenue bucket. And we put it in the deferred license revenue bucket and don't really report it to you. So what's happening here is -- behind the scenes, behind the curtain -- is every time a maintenance booking shifts to a subscription booking, then that kind of backlog in deferred revenue also switches over to software which will then help software revenues in the future. But, of course, we'll lose it out of maintenance revenues in the future. So that's happening behind the scenes and it's not currently in our disclosure. Maybe at some point in time we'll have to add that. But right now that's just a level of detail that seems unnecessary.
Saket Kalia: So it's really the customers that are going to be converting from maintenance to subscription -- you're only recognizing or classifying as a new booking the incremental amount, above --?
Andrew Miller: Exactly.
Jim Heppelmann: And I tried to get Andy to change that. He refused.
Operator: Our next question is from Monika Garg from Pacific Crest. Your line is open.
Monika Garg: Just a follow-up from the last question's answer, Andy. When you were saying that your large customers are still kind of thinking about how to think about subscription and perpetual -- so given that one of your European peers is going to offer both subscription and perpetual offerings, do you think there could be risk that some of your customers start moving towards that peer?
Andrew Miller: Well, first off, we offer both subscription and perpetual also. We didn't take it away specifically for that reason. So we offer both subscription and perpetual. So for those customers who prefer perpetual, they can still buy from us. And I do want to clarify, I said some of our large customers, not all of our large customers. We're seeing, both in the pipeline and in our closes, large customers buying subscription.
Monika Garg: And then as a follow-up, last quarter you kind of talked about the channel had a very strong performance. Could you give us more kind of -- or talk about details of performance --?
Andrew Miller: Yes, once again, so the channel which you know, 80% cash, 15% PLM, grew in the low single digits constant currency this quarter. So another good -- and made their number. So another good, solid performance by the channel.
Operator: Our last question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin. Sir, you may ask your question.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Jim, in your prepared remarks you alluded to the industrial market. When we look at the supplemental data that you provide now each quarter, there was an interesting stability in the percentage of revenues across your markets, automotive, industrial, etcetera, sequentially and year-over-year. Could you talk about your expectations behind your guidance in terms of the various verticals? What are you seeing, for example, in your automotive pipeline; your electronics pipeline; life sciences, etcetera? Then a follow-up or two. Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, Jay, one thing I would caution you is that this data can bounce around a lot depending upon big deals. So, for example, thinking back to the quarter that just closed, normally I would think that business is tough right now in the aerospace and defense business, you know, federal aerospace and defense business, because federal is tough. And the low oil prices and the sustained low oil prices has taken some gas out of the aerospace companies. But at the same time, simply because more fuel-efficient aircraft are what drive sales, but that becomes less important when fuel prices are so low. But nonetheless, we landed a big deal from a commercial aerospace customer who happened to really like our Servigistics software for spare parts management in their service department. So we had a pretty significant transaction and that business looks great. But I'd say in general that's a space that's sort of hard to thrive in right now. I don't know. I think it's very difficult to discern from the pipeline, because the geo factor is so important here. You know, the industrial pipeline in Europe would look a lot better than the industrial pipeline in the U.S. and so forth. So I think it's actually almost easier to do this by geo than it is by vertical because right now the economy is not, in my view, really favoring any one of those verticals over another. They're kind of all in the same spot and it's really favoring one geo over another. So I don't think I can really answer the question to the extent you want me to.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: One product question and one customer question. The product question is, one of the interesting attributes of Windchill 11 is the role-based apps which echoes what you did from the beginning with Creo, of course. Could you talk about what the effect of role-based apps could be on either the ARPU of Windchill or perhaps even the size of the active base of Windchill? Could it expand the user base, for example, for Windchill? And perhaps might it also still do the same for Creo?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, so role-based apps in the case of Windchill 11 are implemented in this technology called Navigate which incidentally happens to be built on ThingWorx. So ThingWorx is a really fantastic way of mashing together a quick user interface to solve this problem for this person or this problem for that person. So what we've done with Windchill 11 is, kind of like, built those mash ups; but then supply you with ThingWorx so that you can reconfigure them if you want without writing any code and so forth. So it's sort of a way to demonstrate the power of ThingWorx by creating a much more usable experience for Windchill and a more usable experience for Windchill opens it up to a much wider audience within a company to the extent that Windchill is kind of viewed as the same product experience, no matter who you are when you log in, then some of the more casual users say, wow, that's a lot of menus and picks and I'm not sure where to go with it. But to the extent we can simplify it down to just what is necessary for someone who does this type of job and simplify it a different way for somebody who does that type of job, then I think it actually opens up a lot more users within the already installed customer base. That's really what we're trying to do here. So I think it definitely creates new seat opportunity. Of course, these new users tend to be more casual. So, yes, probably the price that these casual users are willing to pay is a little less than what the, let's say, more engineering-centric users upstream might've been willing to pay. So it probably creates more seats, but those seats come at a lower average seat price.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: And then finally, I'll call out to that user question. As you were preparing to make this change, you suggested to us that there could be instances where an existing customer might recast or resize their numbers of seats. You might still get the same amount of revenue, but the number of seats might in fact decline and we've seen that from time to time in the past and that you would audit the customers more. Could you talk about that process in terms of what you're seeing so far with customers perhaps changing the size of the base, but you are keeping your revenue and how that's playing out?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I think the place that would come into play, to the extent it does, would be if we converted a maintenance run rate, you know a support run rate over to a new subscription. Now, what's important to know, as I told you, we only report the incremental part as a new booking. But we also only pay commissions on the incremental part as a new booking. So from the perspective of the sales guy, I've got better things to do than do renewals that are the same size or smaller. There's just no point in doing that. The maintenance guys will renew it as a maintenance contract, but you won't get a sales account manager involved in the conversation like that, because it's sort of an empty conversation for them -- which is by design, by the way. So I don't think you're ever going to see is flip any meaningful amount of contracts from the support forum to the subscription forum without growing them. Now, as we grow them, are there situations where there could be more revenue and less seats? I suppose, theoretically, but practically there wouldn't be many of them. So I don't think this will be a significant factor in our performance.
Jim Heppelmann: All right. Sounds like that's the end of the questions. So I want to thank you all for joining us here. Appreciate all your questions and comments and so forth. We do feel like this was a decent quarter overall and a very good quarter in terms of launching our Phase 2 of the subscription business model. So we're feeling strong about that right now. And we're working hard and look forward to talking to you in 90 days, if in fact, we don't get a chance to talk to some of you at our ThingEvent which is going to be a very big, exciting event. If you happen to listen online, it's going to take about 90 minutes start to finish. So it's not a huge commitment, but definitely, if you're interested in learning more about what happens when you put together a mix of augmented reality and Internet of Things and CAD and SLM, what happens?  You're going to see lots of great examples from real customers who are super excited about what we're doing. So, again, I look forward to seeing you in 90 days. And hopefully we'll have another good report for you. Thanks and good evening.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox - Vice President, Investor Relations James Heppelmann - President and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Miller - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Steve Koenig - Wedbush Securities Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets Ed Maguire - CLSA Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to PTC 2015 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC’s Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Good afternoon. Thank you. Welcome to PTC’s 2015 fourth quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Cohen, EVP of Strategy. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast, and a replay of the call will be available later today at www.ptc.com. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in today’s press release. The forward-looking statements, including guidance, provided during this call are valid only as of today’s date, October 28, 2015, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today’s press release made available on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to PTC’s CEO, Jim Heppelmann.
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for a review of our fourth quarter fiscal 2015 results. There’s a lot to talk about as we wrap up fiscal 2015 and transition into fiscal 2016, including some significant strategic and operational initiatives that we’re driving. To be frank, it will be hard to squeeze it all into this one call. So I’d like to remind you that our Investor Day is scheduled for November 10th in New York. We’ll touch on a few new topics today and then plan to go much deeper into those topics at the event in two weeks. Let me begin with a brief review of the fourth quarter. We were pleased to see fiscal 2015 end on a solid note. Q4 revenue of $313 million was above the midpoint of our guidance even with a significantly higher mix of subscription bookings than we guided, and our EPS of $0.67 was above the high-end of our guidance range. Despite challenging macro economic conditions in constant currency, our license in subscription bookings grew 3% over the prior year. Our movement to subscription showed accelerated progress with 20% subscription mix in Q4 compared to just 4% in the fourth quarter of the prior year. Due to this significantly higher mix of subscription bookings, our recognized software revenue in constant currency declined 4%. I’ll remind you though that this effect is par for the course with a subscription transition and a stronger subscription mix should be viewed as a good thing despite the pressure it puts on reported revenue and EPS in the near-term. From a segment perspective, fourth quarter and full-year results were somewhat mixed. IoT momentum continued with this segment performing well ahead of the expectations we had set, driven by strong growth in our new ThingWorx customer logos, follow-on business with existing customers, and our first significant deal for our new Coldlight predictive analytics or machine learning technology. We far outpaced the target of 200 new IoT logos for the year with 108 in Q4 alone, and our full-year total of 290. That means that in one single year, we more than doubled the customer base built by both acquired companies during their ramp-up phase prior to PTC’s acquisition. Many of these new customers are blue-chip names who are applying our IoT platform to many different use cases within their operations, and of course, across the range of verticals within discrete manufacturing and the broader market. There is no doubt at this point that our technology, thought leadership, and business momentum is being recognized by a marketplace that’s starting to see PTC emerge as a true leader. As a case in point, if you read reports recently published by McKenzie and others, you know that manufacturing automation is projected to be amongst the most compelling value creation opportunities for IoT. During Q4, we made significant progress on this front with General Electric announcing that the brilliant manufacturing component of their industrial Internet strategy will leverage the capabilities of ThingWorx to enable customers – GE customers to run their factories more productively. This GE branded solution, which is powered by ThingWorx will be implemented within GE’s 400 or so internal manufacturing plants as well. The GE contract represents a significant financial commitment to PTC over the coming years, and obviously provide a strong endorsement for ThingWorx in the marketplace. I want to point out that if you have the interest to learn more about how IoT is driving companies to rethink and transform their engineering, manufacturing, sales and marketing and service operations, I’d like to direct you to a newly published second article that I co-authored with Professor Michael Porter of Harvard Business School. This article, which is titled How Smart Connected Products are Changing Companies was just recently published in the October 2015 issue of Harvard Business Review. It’s probably not on a news stands at this point, but you can find and download the official PDF reprints at our PTC.com website. Along with the first article it really lays out the case for why companies feel IoT is so strategic to them. Coming back to our core business, SOM was particularly strong with bookings growing 59% in constant currency, capping off total second-half constant currency growth of 33% year-over-year. This improved result stems from our pipeline rebuilding efforts that we were talking about during the latter part of fiscal 2014, and the first-half of fiscal 2015. Extended POM bookings returned to constant currency growth in the quarter, driven by double-digit growth in our ALM segment, which offset a modest decline in traditional POM. CAD results declined 22% in constant currency, due in part to a weaker manufacturing macro environment, especially in Americas, where POM was also weak. As you know, our CAD and POM businesses are bit lumpy and the relatively fewer and smaller big deals in FY 2015 as compared to the prior year is a key factor in the CAD decline. On the bottom line, operating margin and EPS exceeded the high-end of our guidance range, despite a substantially higher mix of subscription. So all in all, we feel that Q4 financial results were solid. If we take a look at the full-year license and subscription bookings declined 5% in constant currency, due primarily to the top manufacturing environment influencing a smaller number inside of big deals. Due to the increase in subscription mix of bookings from 8% in fiscal 2014 to 17% in fiscal 2015, license and subscription revenue declined 3% in constant currency. However, strong support revenue reflecting strong renewals and pricing actions resulted in total software revenue growth of 3% constant currency, which would further increase to 5% if you also adjust for the increase in subscription mix. It’s important to remember that as a rule of thumb on an annual basis, every 1% change in subscription mix just like mathematics will raise or lower our recognized revenue by $3 million, our operating margin by 20 basis points, and EPS by about $0.02. So in total, FX impacted revenue by about $100 million for the year. However, due to strong management of our cost structure, our operating margin ended about 24%, and we delivered EPS of $2 and 23%, which was up 3% year-over-year. But excluding the dual impacts of currency and subscription bookings mix, EPS would have grown more than 40%, which far exceeds the strong performance we posted in terms of EPS growth in each of the prior five years. So looking forward as we move into 2016, our primary focus is threefold. Number one, to focus on driving sustainable growth. Number two, to more aggressively move towards subscription. And number three, to continue with cost controls and margin expansion. First, let me talk about growth. As we demonstrated with our performance in IoT in fiscal 2015, we believe that we’re establishing PTC as a leader in the IoT software platform market, which is one of the highest growth and likely one of the largest software markets over the next decade. As the center of our leadership position, of course, is very strong technology. We have the industry’s most comprehensive and market validated technology platform that enables companies across many different verticals to rapidly implement their IoT strategies at scale. And with our acquisition of Vuforia, which we anticipate will close in the next few weeks, we will extend our technology lead by offering a new class of offerings that continue the trend of merging the digital and physical worlds. Vuforia is the industry’s most advanced and most widely adopted augmented reality technology platform. So particularly, Vuforia has coupled with our IoT and predictive analytics capabilities, interlocks a world of possibilities for creating new ways to design, monitor, interact with, and service products. You may actually have seen a peek of Vuforia in use if you attended or watched online our LiveWorx events that happened in may in Boston or June in Nashville. If you remember, we demonstrated our digital twin technology using a smart mountain bike demonstration. If you can recall, we used an iPad to augment a digital dashboard onto the mountain bike as it was being ridden around the stage. It turns out, we were using Vuforia for that. So we’ll be sharing more details at our upcoming Analyst Day on how we’re coupling these exciting IoT, machine learning, and augmented reality technologies together to create some truly transformational new possibilities for our customers. As a platform offering in its own rights Vuforia brings to PTC another substantial developer community, who can further leverage ThingWorx to extend and expand the value of the work that they’re doing with their augmented reality offerings. So while our new business appears to be hitting in all cylinders, we feel that our traditional core business particularly CAD and POM did not meet the expectations that we had established at the start of the year. We believe, we have market leading products and strong customer references, and these are the key ingredients necessary to grow our business and market rates. In fiscal 2015, we faced macro headwinds, FX headwinds, and business model changes, but after a lot of analysis, we also believe there’s room to improve execution and therefore the growth in our core business. So with that objective in mind we’re implementing plans, which involve changes to both structure and talent. Let me start with the structure point. As we build out our new technologies, our business is becoming more complex, because the new part of the business is different in important ways from the traditional core business. For example, the new IoT analytics in augmented reality business has tremendous potential that best unlock through a large developer and partner ecosystem that’s cultivated through marketing lead approaches. Whereas our traditional business is best optimized by leveraging direct sales executives who position themselves as a trusted guide to a customers business transformation. So given the growth opportunities we see in both the core and the new business, we see that each business requires an appropriate focus to end. I believe that strategy should drive structure, so going into fiscal 2016, we’ve reorganized the company into two main business units. Our core CAD extended POM and the SOM business, we will now call this solutions group, and our new IoT analytics in augmented reality business, we will call the technology platform growth. Each of the two business groups will be led by a newly appointed group President. Rob Gremley, who has been driving the technology business for the last two years has been appointed to be group President of the technology platform group. In the solutions group, where we feel the opportunity to improve execution is more pronounced, we decided to go outside in order to bring proven new executive talent into the company. We’re well into a search for the group President of solutions with several talented candidates on a short list. And I look forward to announcing a new executive joining PTC in the near-term. We’re confident that this change over time will prove our execution. Each of these groups who have separate R&D and go-to-market teams, while our corporate infrastructure, of course, will support both. We’re confident that this new structure will allow us to optimize our focus and our balance on each of these two businesses, while preserving leverage and efficiency wherever appropriate. The takeaway for investors is that we’re making important changes to the structure and talent of PTC with an eye toward providing strong focus leadership, improved execution, and performance oriented accountability that will enable us to leverage our access and capabilities to drive better growth from our business. Next, I want to talk about subscription. We launched subscription fees tool four weeks ago with new pricing, packaging, business rules, and new sales incentive compensations to drive our business aggressively towards subscription. We believe that we’ll transition 70% of our license bookings to subscription by FY 2018. The market studies we performed with McKenzie this past summer support that deal, and we’ve now aligned all of our policies toward achieving that goal. We’ll be sharing more details of our subscription program at our Analyst Day, and in a few minutes Andy will share some highlights and how we see the transition impacting our business model over the coming years. But this move is good for our customers and it’s good for PTC. Our third focus as we enter our fiscal 2016 is cost control and margin expansion. This has been a key tenant of our commitment to driving shareholder value. In fact, in my time of CEO we’ve taken PTC’s operating margins for the low teens to the mid-20s through continued cost discipline and guided by a portfolio management process. Today, we announced our realignment of our workforce as we continue to proactively manage our cost structure and move investment into the highest return opportunities in our business. Our goal is to drive continued margin expansion over the long-term. While our reported results will be negatively impacted as we transition to subscription, we see a path to non-GAAP operating margin in the lower 30s, once the business model normalizes for the transition of FX in 2021. We combined with our commitment to return 40% free cash flow, we believe we’re well positioned to drive substantial value for our shareholders. So in conclusion, Andy and I and the executive team essentially have in our hand three levers; growth, subscription, and profit that each independently could drive significant shareholder value. On the growth front, if we continue to win in the new technology platform business, while improving execution in the core solutions business, we will drive a lot of value. On the subscription front, if we push aggressively towards a goal of 70% subscription by 2018, we will also create a lot of value. And on the margin expansion front, where we’ve already created a lot of value, our restructuring announcement today tells you that we know that our work on margins is not yet finished. So starting today and then with more detail on our Investor Day, you will see that we have a legitimate opportunity and a strong strategy to move the needle significantly on growth, on subscription, and on margins. And as we do, our shareholders stand to reap substantial benefits. With that, I will turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Miller: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Please note that I’ll be discussing non-GAAP results unless otherwise specified. Total fourth quarter revenue of $313 million was down $55 million year-over-year as reported. Year-over-year software revenue growth of $8 million was offset by a $31 million impact from FX, a $20 million impact from higher mix of subscription bookings, and a $12 million constant currency decrease in professional services revenue consistent with our strategy to migrate more service engagements to our partners. In addition, recurring software revenue which is 59% of our total revenue was negatively impacted by six fewer days, which is 7% as compared to Q4 of 2015. Software revenue, which consists of license, subscription, and support was above the midpoint of guidance, due to solid results for both L&S and support revenue in the quarter. On a reported basis, software revenue was down 12% year-over-year, due to the impact of currency, a higher mix of subscriptions, and fewer days in the quarter. Excluding currency and mix, software revenue was up 3%. It should be noted that we faced a tough Q4 license comparison a quarter in which our CAD and EPLM license revenue grew in the mid-teens year-over-year in addition to the tough Q4 support comparison due to fewer days. Approximately 59% of Q4 2015 revenue came from recurring business, up from 53% in the year ago period. Clearly, this growth in recurring revenue represents a very positive trend in our business and we’ll drive cash flow in subsequent quarters. Moving to the income statement, gross margin increased by a 170 basis points sequentially and 190 basis points year-over-year. The key driver was the lower mix of professional services revenue in the quarter, which was 15% of revenue in Q4 2015 versus 18% in Q4 2014, reflecting continued success growing our partner ecosystem. Operating expense in the fourth quarter was down $27 million, or 15% from Q4 last year, primarily driven by lower performance-based variable compensation and restructuring actions taken in Q2 2015. The solid software revenue results, favorable services mix, and tight operating expense controls yielded an operating margin of 28% in Q4, above our guidance of 26%. Operating margin was up a 180 basis points from Q4 last year, as reported, up 390 basis points in constant currency, and would have been up 800 basis points of adjusted for constant currency and the higher subscription mix. EPS of $0.67 was above the high-end of guidance and was up 1% year-over-year, but up 20% when adjusting for currency and would have been up 45% if adjusted for constant currency and the higher mix of subscription. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and investments were flat with Q3 at $273 million. We spent approximately $15 million, repurchasing 434,000 shares in Q4. For the full-year, share repurchases exceeded our commitment to return 40% of free cash flow to shareholders. One final comment before I turn to guidance. As Jim mentioned at the beginning of FY 2016, we launched the second phase of our subscription program with the goal of accelerating the company’s transition to a predominantly subscription-based licensing model. With an aggressive move to subscription, we will provide new disclosures in FY 2016 to enable you to better track the progress of our business. These new disclosures are important, because traditional financial metrics like revenue, operating margin in EPS may not reflect the underlying performance of the business during the transition. Simply stated the more success we have in driving subscription adoption, the weaker are reported income statement results will be in the near-term effectively masking the significant underlying value being created. With this in mind moving forward, we intend to disclose license and subscription bookings on a perpetual equivalent basis, subscription annualized contract value or ACV, subscription bookings mix, annualized recurring revenue or ARR, which will include subscription and support. Within our software revenue disclosures, we will separately disclose perpetual, subscription, and support revenue. We also intend to simplify our operating performance disclosures. Beginning next quarter, we will provide revenue results for our two business groups discussed above along with revenue performance by geography. We will also share additional commentary on the performance of the businesses within our solutions group. From a guidance perspective, in addition to the current metrics provided, we intend to guide total L&S bookings, subscription ACV, subscription bookings mix, operating expenses, and the annual free cash flow. Now, turning to guidance, let me share some of the general considerations that are factored in. First, as Jim highlighted, as we enter FY 2016, we are in the midst of a significant reorganization and the workforce restructuring that could be disruptive, especially in the first-half of the year. We have attempted to factor this into our guidance. Second, while our Q4 bookings results were near the high-end of our guidance and while we continue to have momentum in our IoT business, we remain cautious of the macroeconomic environment, especially in the Americas and China. And finally, subscription is still new to much of our sales force, and it tends to be a land and expand transaction model different from the old, big deal enterprise play. So we could see smaller deal sizes. With these caveats in mind, we expect bookings in the range of $320 to $350 million for fiscal 2016. We are assuming 25% of our bookings will be subscription. Based on this assumption, we expect total revenue in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.22 billion for fiscal 2016. Included in our revenue guidance, we expect subscription revenue of $90 million, perpetual license revenue of $240 to $260 million, support revenue of $670 million, resulting in total software revenue of $1.0 billion to $1.02 billion. We expect global services revenue of approximately $200 million, a decrease of $27 million from FY 2015, as we continue to execute our strategy to transition more service engagements to our partner ecosystem. Note that FX compared to FY 2015 reduces our revenue guidance at the midpoint by $30 million. Higher mix of subscription bookings reduces our midpoint revenue guidance by $24 million, and we are guiding a constant currency reduction of $21 million in global services, a total reduction of $75 million on revenue at the midpoint of our guidance as compared to FY 2015. We expect an increase in our services margin by about a 130 basis points to 16%, and remain committed to a 20% services margin by FY 2018. With the restructuring discussed earlier, at the midpoint of guidance, we expect FY 2016 operating expenses to be down approximately $17 million from FY 2015. Our OpEx guidance assumes a significant increase in variable compensation predicated upon the achievement of our performance goals, as well as increases in our IoT spend. Accordingly, we are guiding to an operating margin of approximately 23% in FY 2016. Note, however, that assuming the same subscription mix at FY 2015, which was 17%. Operating margin would have been 25% at the midpoint of our revenue guidance, up about 100 basis points. PTC remains committed to operating margin improvement and rigorous and disciplined management of our cost structure. The restructuring we announced today should give you confidence in that commitment. We are assuming a tax rate of 15% to 20%, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $1.80 per share to $1.90 per share, based upon approximately 116 million shares outstanding. For the first quarter, we expect bookings linearity at the the lower-end of our historical averages to account for disruption from the reorganization and restructuring. With this in mind, in Q1, we expect bookings in the range of $62 to $70 million with about 18% subscription mix. We expect total revenue in the range of $290 to $295 million for Q1. Included in our revenue guidance, we expect subscription revenue of $20 million, perpetual license revenue of $52 million to $57 million, support revenue of $170 million, resulting in total software revenue of $242 to $247 million. We expect global services revenue of approximately $48 million, a decrease of $17 million from Q1 2015. Note that FX compared to Q1 2015 reduced our midpoint revenue guidance by $20 million, and we’re guiding a constant currency reduction of $13 million in global services. Additionally, one less day in the quarter than last year results in about $2 million less recurring software revenue for a total reduction of $35 million on revenue guidance at the midpoint as compared to Q1 2015. With the restructuring beginning in the middle of Q1, we expect an operating margin of approximately 22%. We are assuming a tax rate of 15% to 20%, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $0.40 to $0.45 per share, based upon approximately 116 million shares outstanding. Finally, so that you can begin to refresh your model. So let me provide some high-level guidelines regarding our new long range target financial model. I will go into much more detail at our upcoming Investor Day. First, we believe that the initiatives we are driving in our solution group and the strong position we’ve established in our technology platform group together can drive approximately 10% bookings growth by FY 2018. This is predicated on our solutions group growing in line with the market by FY 2018, which we believe is approximately 6%, and our technology platform group growing with the market, which most analysts believe is approximately 40%, although we grew much faster than this in FY 2015. Next, exiting FY 2018, we expect to see continued bookings growth at market rates, which in turn is anticipated to yield approximately 10% total revenue growth by FY 2021 when our subscription transition normalizes. We expect our subscription bookings mix will accelerate throughout FY 2016, averaging 25% for the full-year and continue to grow through FY 2018, when we expect to achieve a steady-state mix of 70% subscription. At this point, about 90% of our software revenue will be recurring. Based on these bookings, revenue, and subscription mix assumptions, we expect our P&L and cash flow metrics to hit a trough in FY 2018, begin to recover in FY 2019, and then normalize in FY 2021, at which point, we expect to achieve non-GAAP operating margins in the low 30% range. One additional item. In our press release today, we provided an update concerning the China matter. Recall that in the third quarter of FY 2015, we recorded a reserve of $14 million associated with discussions with the SEC and DOJ to resolve our previously announced investigation in China. That accrual represents the minimum amount of liability we expect to incur if we are able to reach a settlement in this matter, and does not include any amounts associated with any fines by those agencies. We are involved in discussions with respect to potential fines and the amount of the accrual could increase by the time we file our 10-K, resulting in a change to our reported fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 GAAP results. There can be no assurance that we will reach a settlement or that the cost of such settlement if reached would not materially exceed the existing accrual. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. At this we will begin the question-and-answer session of today’s conference. [Operator Instructions] One moment for the first question. Our first question is from Mr. Steve Koenig of Wedbush Securities. Sir, you may ask your question.
Steve Koenig: Thanks. I think that’s me.
James Heppelmann: Yes. Hi, Steve.
Steve Koenig: Hey, good afternoon. The pace of subscription transition next year, looks realistic given the market you operate in, But maybe some folks might have expected a bit more aggressive upfront. Can you comment on that, what – why not more next year and then what are the factors that will boost it up pretty significantly in the following years?
Andrew Miller: Yes. So we expect to average 25%, but we expect to exit the year at a higher percentage than that. Essentially, there are couple of factors. As we look at Q1, clearly, what we did is October 1, we changed pricing packaging, bundling, and sales cost. So this was all introduced to the market and our sales reps just four weeks ago. So the key one pipeline has a lot of deals that are perpetual based upon the fact that everything was different at that point in time. And there’s probably not a great deal of time in the first quarter to get those deals changed in the subscription or we’re not assuming we’re gong to be able to do that. Although clearly, sales reps since they’re going to be paid more are probably gong to try if they can. At the same thing, as we look at our largest customers and 30% to 50% of our revenue comes from big customers doing big deals. They tend on have already completed their capital budgets and operating budgets at this point in time. So they maybe not be able to necessary take a deal that they were expecting to be perpetual in FY 2016, and turn it to subscription. So we’ve been somewhat cautious in our ability to get those two things flipped in the near-term. Although clearly, we think we’ve got great opportunity in both FY 2017 and FY 2018, and our studies show that. So essentially, we’re just being a bit cautious of how quickly we’re going to be able to kind of change the model that both that our customers frankly operate in at this point in time.
Steve Koenig: That makes sense. And if I may ask one follow-up on the core business, maybe can you give us a little more granularity on two things. One is, where are the cost cuts coming from? And secondly, what kind of issues do you see with the core business or on hypotheses you have on what can be changed by new senior management there?
James Heppelmann: Yes. Maybe we’ll each take a stab at that. Hi, Steve, Jim here.
Steve Koenig: Hey, Jim.
James Heppelmann: The general answer is, we’re moving investments from places of low return to places of higher return, that’s the general answer. I mean, at a high level if you look at what are we doing, we’re looking at our de-investments. We’re looking at marketing programs. We’re looking at – do we have the right structures in our sales organization and so forth. So on the cost side, we’re kind of going through the cost structures and saying, do all these investments make sense? Because over here, there’s some investments that are – investment opportunities, let’s say, that are really interesting. If you go down to the second part of that question, which was what could we fix? I think one of the issues where we could fix is to be better balanced. We have a lot of people who wake up and decide what they want to do everyday, and do they want to participate in new business or the old business or both. And these businesses are very different. And so it’s just, I think, we need to focus more. We need more segmentation. We need people who wake up and say, I’m a CAD person, another people that wake up and say, I’m an IoT person. And I think we got to be carefully not to let too many people wake up and say what do I want to do today, right? So, I think, it’s really what we’re trying to control for with this structural change is they have a group that lives and dies with the core business and a leader who lives and dies with the core business. And today we don’t really have that. So that’s – that – simple answer is that thing we’re trying to aim for.
Andrew Miller: And the one thing that I would add is, when we did our operating plan this year, we did kind of a version of the zero-based budget. What we actually did is, we gave everyone a target, that was about 80% of where they start – of what they had this year. And we said, go, figure out how you do the most crucial important things to drive the business with that 80%. That freed up a huge part of money that we then, project by project kind of function by function invested in the highest return areas. So while there’s some money moving from the solution part of the business to the IoT business, there’s a lot of money moving around within the solution business, as far as where the highest return R&D investments are, frankly, investments in more marketing in certain segments, so there was a pretty strong exercise. And this is my first year going through the planning process here, and I was pretty impressed with how diligent everyone was frankly, and really coming up with what are the right things that should be invested in and the thing that where we should reduce cost. So the portfolio management process was executed probably as good as I’ve seen in my career.
James Heppelmann: I might add, a number of proposed investments didn’t make the cut, that money became operating margin.
Andrew Miller: Yes, yes.
Steve Koenig: Gotcha. Very good. Congrats on the good finish through the year and we’ll talk soon.
Andrew Miller: Great. Thanks, David.
James Heppelmann: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Sterling Auty from JPMorgan Chase. Sir, you may ask your question.
Sterling Auty: Thanks. So last question started with why not more aggressive to begin the subscription transition, let me flip through the other end of the spectrum, the 70% coming out, I understand you talked with McKenzie or you did focus group. So curious what the customer feedback and what led to that 70% level, given that we’ve seen other companies like Cadence and Apps and technology that service pretty big companies like ExxonMobil, Samsung, Intel, et cetera, get their mix to north of 90%?
Andrew Miller: Yes. So first what drove kind of 70% why people are interested is, number one is, fundamentally the flexibility they get when they compare the two models at the right price point, as they look at kind of the length and the term of their business case. And so subscription, as long as you price it at a way like our pricing, we dropped the price from 60% of our perpetual license to 45%, which is right in the sweet spot and where you would see most subscription offerings. And that means that you kind of break-even at around four years or so, which is, they get more flexibility at that and they like it. And the other thing we did is through business rules, we took out that flexibility that some might have been able to negotiate in the perpetual contracts. We’re not going to give it away, where the flexibility comes with subscription, it doesn’t come with perpetual. If you really want perpetual, it’s a less flexible offering. Now, in the end, the market continues to move more subscription over time. At this point the stake in the ground is 70%, we’re going to drive as high as we can get. But if someone absolutely wants perpetual and values it, then, at least, at this point in time, we intend to let them have it, of course, they will pay for it, but they value.
Sterling Auty: Got it. And then the comments that you made on the macro in terms of how you put together the fiscal 2016. I want to make sure that I understand, given the uncertainty U.S., I think, you mentioned China, Japan, et cetera, it seem like you factored in some of the macro squishiness. I want to ask it this way, if the economy stay exactly the same as where we see right today, should that mean that you actually outperformed the guidance that you’ve given mean that you factored in a little bit of extra squishiness for – would it be in line?
Andrew Miller: So the one thing I would tell you is that, it’s never, of course, you always want to be able to meet consensus and meet your guidance when you put it in there. So we clearly have an internal plan that is a bit higher than what we would guide, and there’s nothing unusual about that.
James Heppelmann: Yes. And to be frank, Sterling, we don’t have a crystal ball. But what’s happened, for example, if you look at the PMI indices regionally in the last quarter is several of them fell quite dramatically. So we’re kind of locking in, at least, on that deal that they’re, at least, worsen they were a quarter ago, maybe with the exception of Europe, which is actually a little bit better. But when we look at China that the news has gotten markedly more difficult there. The U.S. situation really dropped precipitously in the PMI indices and so forth. So we’re kind of locking in on today’s view and not trying to prognosticate, it will get better or worse, but realizing it just did get a lot worse and we have no reason to plan for it to get better.
Andrew Miller: Right.
Sterling Auty: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Saket Kalia from Barclays. Sir, your line is open.
James Heppelmann: Hey, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hey, guys, how are you?
James Heppelmann: Good.
Saket Kalia: Thanks for taking my questions here. First for you Andy, just a modeling question. Can you just review for us the mechanics of the metrics for us, specifically you are guiding to bookings and the mix. But can you just remind us how to sort of convert that to ACV, and then what sort of renewal rates are you expecting on the subscription? I just want to make sure we’re all on sort of on the same…
Andrew Miller: Okay. Well, we guided ACV for you, so we gave it to you.
Saket Kalia: Okay.
Andrew Miller: And the way to look at that is, we take the ACV as subscription and we multiply it by 2, and that’s what we say the booking is for subscription. And so, for example, if you look at our guidance, I’ll pick the high-end of the FY 2016 fully-year guidance. We’ve guided license and subscription bookings of 350. The subscription ACV is 45, which would mean that the subscription bookings are 90.
James Heppelmann: 90 of the 350.
Andrew Miller: Of the 350, okay, so that’s where you get the approximate 25%, and the remainder is perpetual.
Saket Kalia: Okay.
Andrew Miller: And so if you look at in our perpetual license revenue you see 260 is 90 less than the 350.
Saket Kalia: That makes sense. And then that 45 million ACV, is there a renewal rate that we should be assuming that, because, of course, we can model that out for four quarters, which is sort of definition of ACV. But what sort of – how does that sort of play out, how does that 45 sort of play out between now and 2021, if that makes sense?
Andrew Miller: Yes. So what I can share with you is one, we have very high maintenance renewal rates. McKenzie’s study show that subscription renewal rates are even higher than maintenance renewal rates. So you’re talking about very, very low churn, and the low to mid single-digit churn is the industry average. Of course, we have limited experience with subscription. But our subscription renewal rates are actually higher than kind of that industry average right now, but there’s limited experience with it.
Saket Kalia: Got it. And then my follow-up for you, Jim. It sounds like you’re doing a lot of the right things in terms of putting in place more favorable pricing and sort of the sales comp to drive that subscription mix. But I guess what are you hearing from some of your existing customers that have sort of been born and bread on perpetual plus maintenance? Do you think that those that currently have maintenance actually shift to take advantage of that flexibility, or is there risk that maybe they consider other competitors in the market?
James Heppelmann: Well. First of all, so again our software is extremely sticky, and switching to other competitors would be a major expensive endeavor. And our software is pretty darn good. So it would be a very expensive investment to move sideways at best. So we’ve talked to many customers about this. They’re actually interested in restructuring their maintenance contracts by and large, maybe not every last one, but there’s a significant percentage of our maintenance or support customer base who is intrigued by the idea of taking a look at how it just works different if I kind of traded it in and re-bought it from you on a subscription model. So we have as part of our subscription Phase 2 a program to incent there to have. So I think that between now, I don’t know, Andy, if you had a specific number on that. But when we think out to 2018, we’re actually assuming that not only did the new sales flip to subscription, but a substantial amount of the maintenance base became a subscription base as well.
Andrew Miller: Yes, we actually went and highlighted in the fourth quarter with a small number of customers, and of course, there wasn’t much time to try to get the transaction done. But we actually, one, we did learn that they really like the flexibility of subscription. And so as a result of that, we actually converted the very end of the quarter three customers, they weren’t huge customers, but we converted three of them to subscription at a higher annual contract value than they were under support, because they like just the flexibility, the ability to add some shelf where they didn’t really want, they wanted a different configuration in some of their clear seats, for example, and now is valuable. So we do have a program going and we have targeted deals this year, where we’re going to try to get them to convert from support to subscription, add a premium, and we’ll talk more about that at our Investor Day, in fact, we’ll probably give you an example of how it looks.
James Heppelmann: Yes, just one point though to have in the back of your mind, which is, this would normally happen coincident with the renewal. So we can’t disclose it to everybody and say let’s do it tomorrow, we’ll do in as the renewals come up and in some cases as multi-year contracts and we all get a shot at down until maybe next year or whatever. So keep that in mind to.
Saket Kalia: Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets. Sir, your line is open.
James Heppelmann: Hi, Matt.
Matt Hedberg: Hi, there. Thanks for taking my questions. Jim, you mentioned in your prepared remarks, but can you talk a little bit more in detail about the importance of this new GE partnership? Is there rev share in place? Are they retiring IoT pipeline? And how should we think about it impacting 2016 revenue?
James Heppelmann: Yes. So, basically, GE is licensing a technology from us, building it into a GE branded solution. We have then – within our base welcoming them into our customer base and giving our guidance and incentives to do that. And, of course, GE has a customer base distinct and separate from our customer base, so they’re going into their customer base by themselves. But each time they take down a transaction for their brilliant manufacturing solution, they’re going to turn around and cut as royalty check. So it’s an interesting agreement. There are sort of minimums to it. They’re very committed to it. They’re very excited about it. We’re very excited about it. We think that we have a legitimate play together with a strong partner in one of the biggest IoT playgrounds of all. So, we’re pretty darn excited about it.
Matt Hedberg: That’s great to hear. Andy, circling back on some of the earlier questions on how you are influencing these changes – change and behavior of purchasing? Are you applying an increase in maintenance pricing this year to help influence that transition?
Andrew Miller: We did. We raised our maintenance pricing 4%.
Matt Hedberg: And was that globally or was that…
Andrew Miller: Globally.
Matt Hedberg: Okay.
Andrew Miller: Yes, the detail to – just to give everyone a little bit of detail, so we did four primary things. One is, we differentiated the subscription offering to the pricing, so by lowering the price to 45%, we did product differentiation, so we are – we have repackaged and we have more repackaged solutions coming out in January. It’s actually simpler and we did a lot of analysis to figure out what would kind of make something more attractive, only available on the subscription side, not on the perpetual. There are services differentiation, including e-learning into certain packages, and there’s new offerings that are coming out many in PLM, for example, that are only available on subscription. We removed the subscription possibility that people used to negotiate into their perpetual contract, so there’s no remix in perpetual, but you get remix in subscription. In fact, you can get extra remix multiples times a year in our subscription offering if you want. There’s no more extended payment terms in perpetual. By definition, you pay over time. And there’s no extraordinary support discounts in perpetual, and of course, there’s support discounts does not apply to subscription, but there’s no extraordinary support discounts moving forward. Our comp – sales comp, the rep makes more money to sell subscription than perpetual. And I heard an anecdote, it’s only an anecdote, so I don’t want to go too far. The sales, in fact, in one of the geos who is commenting that they are seeing some of their pipeline flip from perpetual to subscription and, somebody else had interesting customers are finding it so attractive so quickly. And you said, well to be honest, this is what we’re selling to them, so we’re not giving them the perpetual option. So I think the fact that so much of our revenue goes through our direct sales force, does give us more control over the transition and some other players who sell primarily through channel. And then we’ve got this program to migrate the support customers to subscription. So those are kind of the four basics of what we’re doing.
James Heppelmann: Let me add one thing that actually you covered, but just to be clear. We also took the IoT perpetual business off the table.
Andrew Miller: Right.
James Heppelmann: The one caveat is our partner like GE could do a perpetual deal, because that’s how they do it. But the PTC sales guys won’t be doing perpetual IoT business, it’s not allowed.
Matt Hedberg: That’s a great color, guys. Thank you very much. Looking forward to the 10th as well.
James Heppelmann: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Ed Maguire from CLSA. Sir, your line is open.
Ed Maguire: Hi, good afternoon. I was interested to get a little bit of color on the logo ads in IoT or how much of those are new customers to PTC. And as you realign the sales force are you going – is there going to be any your cross selling that’s encouraged or are you’re really going to just focus on platforms and technologies.
James Heppelmann: There will be a tremendous amount of cross selling at all the IoT and the strategic platform. So in the quarter I don’t have exactly, but roughly half and half roughly half of the IoT business was new IoT business in companies that we’ve done other business with and half of that was no IoT and business coming from companies who have never done business with, so kind of a nice healthy mix. Within the last year if I think of the 290 logos all end. We actually did really well in the strategic base. So just got only a huge cross-sell opportunity here. So that if you were in the platform part of PTC you would say that those solution guys at PTC are terrific partner I’d like to go get some more partners like that. Right and if we can do that then this business will really go somewhere. But in the meantime we make this crystal clear at Investor Day. Our customers think the fit with IoT and analytics and augmented reality and SOM and CAD, POM and AOM is magnificent and we’ll show you exactly why with a little interactive demonstration we’ll let you guys play with yourself and you’ll be crystal clear I promise on November 10 why I can deal on customer would be very excited about IOT analytics and augmented reality.
Ed Maguire: Great and just a comment on the MAC I mean clearly you’ve seen the weakness in the U.S. market, but as you rollout these model changes at the same time is there a different cyclicality in different macro conditions. Do you anticipate any material differences in uptake of the subscription model across different regions based on the macro?
Andrew Miller: I wish we had a crystal ball good talent there – subscription should, because you take your basically pay over time it’s less of an investment that by definition that should be the type of thing it’s easier for a company to do even with things and more challenging there’s less there has their business cycles go they’re feeling like they’re making less of a commitment then when you do a huge large enterprise big deal. But we’ll have to see how frankly the transition plays out.
Ed Maguire: Great. Thank you very much.
Andrew Miller: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Sir your line is open.
James Heppelmann: Hey, Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Hi, Jim how are you. Hey, Andy. I’d like to ask first a product question now you made a I think a pretty critical comment earlier that you expect your now solutions business to grow at the market rates. And that kind of brings us back to obviously your product roadmap and what you’re delivering in the core products. And you didn’t really talk about that every much tonight. But could you comment on or reconfirm the very detailed and comprehensive product roadmap such you articulated in Nashville. We wrote it up back in the summer and you got a lot on your plate in terms of delivering new versions of Windchill exiting such in December three or four and so on and so forth. So just to be clear with everything that you know talking about tonight. Are you reconfirming the product release roadmaps what you talked about and then the timing and so forth that you’ve committed to?
James Heppelmann: Yes, so Jay, as you know I used to be the Chief Technology Officer, but that was five years ago. So I’m a little less in the details of the roadmap. So I can tell you that by and large not aware of any substantial changes to what was talked about at the event at Nashville the Windchill 11 release continues as plan with the road based apps the connective POM the POM, AOM integration the bond management those types of things and our three or four design or releases schedule for mid-2016 model based design, digital twin, that’s pretty much as I recall what we talked about and the event in Nashville so I think I don’t want to reconfirm and a detail obviously I’m not at the detail level at this point, but I can reconfirm at a general level that we’re proceeding with the plans as we had outlined that.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. And second, I’d like to ask about the conversion of the base, which cost about a little bit earlier. But when we look at, for example, the Creo base and you had a very large number of customers with the pretty low seat count when you think I think your average is similar to some of your competitors roughly not quite 10 or less than 10 seats on average for customer in CAD anyway probably more in POM. The question there is, if you could address how you’re going to involve the channel in converting the base? I can’t imagine it’s terribly cost effective for you to use your direct sales force to divert the customers with one or two or three seats?
Andrew Miller: Yes, so the same programs that were offering on the direct side we will then channelize them to make them simple. So that the channel could handle them and basically offer the same type of program, because so much of our businesses does go direct our subscription program was first focused on getting the direct right. And then focused on the new channel bookings and then we’ll focus secondly on kind of the ability to move those who want support. We also did made changes by the way to our support to basically mirror what you see in the industry that will also prompt people to go to subscription. So things like if you fall off support what it takes to get back on. You have to basically buyback all your prior support. But one full year going forward to get on support. So same with SolidWorks or out of desk we’re limited how long people can come back on support for they have to buy new seat with the idea that then we can give them an incentive to move to subscription. So all of the programs you’ve seen our competitors we basically October 1, have those same programs in place.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: All right. Last if I may you commented on GE earlier, you also have the couple of other pretty interesting sounding partnerships one with sales force you have to go to ServiceMax, and if you can comment on those progress in terms of business development resource as you’re throwing at those and so forth. Thanks.
James Heppelmann: Yes, the ServiceMax partnership is much further long and probably a tighter fit, because they’re really in the SOM business and they’ll call it SLM they’re in the business that we call SOM they’ll call it field service automation. So there’s a great fit there. We have now shift the integrated product that combines what PTC recall SLM where PTC recall IoT with what ServiceMax will call field service management. There are some customers who have already purchased. There’s a nice pipeline of customers who are pretty excited about it. In fact I was in a customer meeting here at PTC with one of the executives of ServiceMax to-date, so we’re working closely together that’s going well. And on both sides we’re pretty excited, because again as I have said service operational efficiency is really the killer app priority and we know that and ServiceMax knows that. It turns out that this augmented reality stuff is also pretty darn important in service so that’s exciting to both parties. With respect to sales force that’s our newer partnership it’s a more of a general partnership sales force is doing less substantive things in IoT right now to-date the time what they want to do and they want to collaborate with people like PTC not so exclusive looking to see maybe as ServiceMax I mean I don’t think ServiceMax is contractually exclusive with us, but by God they’re working pretty close with us. So I think that the relationship with sales force over time to be bigger, because sales force is so much bigger. But I think a lot of times in working with ServiceMax we’ll end up at the customers who use sales force who would be interested now to anyone. So there as Bob, and everybody on call knows ServiceMax has build on sales force and it’s the best sale and service solution. So just a couple of different ways into that ecosystem and we’re far ahead, because we’re six months into the ServiceMax relationship and maybe one month into the sales force relationship, but yes as I said hey Jay, I also want to back up. One thing we didn’t talk about, but I think it’s worth sharing with you it’s been external channel I had a pretty good year. I’m not sure that was in our prepared remarks it’s one of the reasons quite frankly why I know we need to work on execution, because our product in the mid-market where the channel selling did just fine. We perform as well as or perhaps better in the market in that space so it was really in the direct space with a big deal count and size went down and the IoT number went up and so forth that we really had the bigger issue with CAD and PLM so that’s kind of the issue that we’re moving to correct with structure and talent as I said.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from as Monica Garg from Pacific Crest. Ma’am you may ask your question.
James Heppelmann: Hey, Monica.
Unidentified Analyst:
T:
Andrew Miller: Are you asking relative to subscription so the channel partners will be – will earn margin off the renewals, which is the big question. If they didn’t earn margin off renewal they wouldn’t sell subscription.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, and then as far as the mix from the channel are you expecting the channel still relatively the same or are you guys going to be increasing or decreasing it?
Andrew Miller: The subscription mix or a general or the percent of revenue what we share as we actually it was about with almost 20% more capacity in the channel than we started, as we have highlighted the channel partially grew faster than the market for the year. Great way to go after the mid-market we think we’ve got a great product in the mid-market. So we think there’s an opportunity there.
James Heppelmann: Yes, now I would counter that Andy, with it depends a little bit on how we define the channels it’s GE channel.
Andrew Miller: Well, I was right, I was talking CAD. But you are right if you look at TPG…
James Heppelmann: Right so we’re looking at the technology product group that will be a new channel.
Andrew Miller: Yes.
James Heppelmann: And quite frankly, we expected we take things from there so I think maybe ask a question, which you try to give me a follow-up answer on…
Andrew Miller: Yesterday.
James Heppelmann: Yesterday, because depending upon if we’re going with yesterday’s definition of the channel or tomorrows definition we’d have a slightly different answer probably.
Andrew Miller: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that works. Thank you.
James Heppelmann: Okay, great. Well, thanks a lot I got in the last question. So I want to thank you all for going through this quite full-some disclosure here on the business and now the changing metrics and so forth. But we are at a point here with the management team is pretty excited we really do think we have strategy that’s going to drive growth. There’s some things we need to do, but we can see it I know from working with Andy that he’s going to drive this subscription thing right through the company I have been watching them do that day by day and it’s like a train coming through town.  Nobody is going to stop it. And then on this operating margin things I think we have a terrific track record there. And we just took the next step when we announced this restructuring today, which it’s a difficult thing to do inside the company, but generally viewed pretty positively by our shareholders and seen it. Hey, these guys didn’t give up on that, they’re not distracted by IoT or subscription they’re going to forge ahead as well with that. So I really do think this company is going to create a lot of value and I thank you all for taking the time to hear our story and for sticking with us. And we look forward to seeing many of you on November count on our Investor Day as well. All right with that thanks a lot and have good evening. Bye, bye.
Operator: That conclude today’s conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-07-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox - Vice President, Investor Jim Heppelmann - President & CEO Andrew Miller - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Steve Koenig - Wedbush Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the PTC 2015 Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Good afternoon. Thank you, Bob, and welcome to PTC's 2015 third quarter conference call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Miller, Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Cohen, EVP of Strategy. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast, and a replay of the call will be available later today at www.ptc.com. During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements including guidance as to future operating results. Because such statements deal with future events, actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements could be found in PTC's annual report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in today's press release. Forward-looking statements, including guidance, provided during this call are valid only as today's date, July 29, 2015, and PTC assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release made available on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to PTC's CEO, Jim Heppelmann.
Jim Heppelmann: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for a review of our third-quarter 2015 results. Our Q3 revenue of $304 million was in line with our July 9 announcement of preliminary results and slightly below our guidance range. EPS of $0.53 exceeded the preannounced range and was above the high end of our guidance range. We believe that the challenging macroeconomic conditions, particularly in the Americas and China, impacted our ability to close large deals in our core business which, as you know, is sensitive to changes in the manufacturing economy. While we remain confident about the long-term growth prospects of our core business based on our broad solutions portfolio and new customer wins and engagements, the current macro climate is proving to be more difficult to navigate than we had anticipated. On a positive note, however, we delivered very strong growth in our Internet of Things business, closing a number of significant deals amongst large industrial companies that are adopting our platform for their IoT initiatives. In fact, three of our eight large deals in the quarter were IoT deals. IoT license revenue represented more than 20% of our total license revenue, and we added a record number of new IoT customers. Despite macroeconomic headwinds, results so far this year have been better than the headlines would suggest. In constant currency, our software revenue has grown 6% for the first nine months of FY 2015. And even with professional services down 9% year to date due to our strategy to shift more of our lower-margin professional services engagements to our partner ecosystem, our total revenue is up 2% in constant currency year to date. Also, despite a modest shortfall in our license and subscription solutions revenue relative to guidance, we were able to achieve a Q3 operating margin of 24%. On a constant-currency basis, Q3 operating margin would have been 26%. We continue to make progress with subscriptions, which comprise 16% of our license and subscription solutions bookings in the quarter. This was slightly below guidance due to several sizable IoT deals coming in as perpetual and a few larger subscription deals in our core business slipping from the quarter. The subscription Phase 2 team continues to make good progress, and I will let Andy provide additional color on our efforts later in the call. In terms of geographic performance, we believe macroeconomic challenges in the Americas are impacting our ability to close large CAD and extended POM deals which; given the maturity of these markets, tend to be more cyclical. We had strong performance in IoT, and solid SLM performance enabled us to deliver double-digit software revenue growth in the Americas. In Europe, when adjusting for currency, we saw modest software revenue growth driven by extended PLM, IoT, and SLM with the decline in CAD, and all of that against a tough compare for the year-ago period. Asia-PAC software revenue declined modestly when adjusting for currency due to weak results in CAD, extended PLM, and SLM that were primarily impacted from the overall slowdown in China. Japan results were down from Q3 of last year, also owing to a very tough comparison in the prior period. Turning to segment performance, when adjusting for currency, our core businesses' third-quarter results were mixed. CAD and extended PLM declined year over year primarily due to large deals slipping out of the quarter and a very tough compare given the 40% bookings growth these segments delivered in Q3 of last year. Despite the environment, SLM fared better, with modest software revenue and bookings growth over last year. The clear standout in the quarter was the IoT segment, which performed well ahead of our expectations, highlighted by three seven-figure deals with major industrial customers, including a large follow-on transaction with Diebold, who uses IoT to improve the service and uptime of their ATM machines. In addition to very strong revenue performance, we made further progress towards achieving our target for new IoT logos this fiscal year. During Q3, we added 78 new IoT customers, bringing the total to 182 for the year and putting us on pace to significantly exceed the target of 200 that we communicated to you at the beginning of the year. Once again this quarter, the new logos we're attracting come from a variety of verticals that are applying our IoT platform to many different use cases within their business. As a reminder at this stage of our IoT growth, our primary goal is to win new logos and then to expand within these customers. Our experience is that the initial IoT platform win is analogous to a design win in the semiconductor world. The first booking may not be large, but after demonstrating success with the initial IoT project, we can then expand within the account as we scale to greater volume within and across product lines. For example, if you look at our first-quarter 2015 IoT wins, we are forecasting, or have already closed, follow-on expansion deals at about half of them. Today, our largest IoT customers represent subscriptions in the range of $500,000 to more than $1 million per year. So with the influx of new logos as well as the three large seven-figure orders this quarter, you can see how this business could become quite significant very quickly as we move past the proof of concept into wider usage. However, at this stage of the business, you should take into account that large deals, like the three we closed in Q3, will add variability to our quarterly bookings results. And therefore, while we expect Q4 bookings to be up substantially over Q4 last year, they are likely to be down sequentially from Q3. The customer momentum we are experiencing in our IoT segment is a testament to our industry-leading IoT technology portfolio, which has been further enhanced with the addition of ColdLight, our automated predictive analytics platform. The ability to predict outcomes has incredible value for our customers, especially in the context of ensuring product performance and preventing product failure and downtime. This new technology, along with ThingWorx Converge, our new IoT integration hub that has enhanced out-of-the-box application and integration capabilities, puts us in an even stronger competitive position in the market. Lastly, we continue to expand our ecosystem of now more than 160 IoT partners. Just this week, for example, we added Analog Devices, a leading supplier of IoT sensors and signal chains who wishes to use ThingWorx to provide cloud-based connectivity to their sensors. It's clear that the IoT business is in a strong position, and it's starting to become material to PTC. I would like to make a few comments on our broader product roadmap and outlook for Q4. On the product front, we remain on track to deliver Windchill 11 later this calendar year and Creo 4 in mid-2016. In addition to continued investment in the core, we are very excited about the opportunity to further differentiate our CAD, POM, AOM, and SOM solutions by enhancing them with connected technologies. For those of you who were able to join us at either LiveWorx or PTC Live Global, we demonstrated our concept of the digital twin, a very interesting idea that leverages our industry-leading IoT platform along with our core technology. The initial response from customers we have previewed this with is quite exciting, so stay tuned for more details in the coming months. Turning to our outlook for Q4 of fiscal 2015, while we have a lot of momentum in our IoT business and feel good about the progress we are making on subscription phase 2, we expect that we will continue to encounter headwinds in our reported results due to a combination of currency exchange rates plus a manufacturing economy that appears to be more challenging than last year and more challenging than what we had anticipated earlier this year. We have adjusted our FY 2015 revenue guidance to factor in a more cautious macroeconomic outlook, particularly in the Americas and China, as well as lower professional services revenue driven primarily by an acceleration in transitioning some of our customers' engagements to our partner ecosystem. And while we are reducing our EPS outlook for the year by about 2% at the midpoint, we continue to target 15% growth in non-GAAP earnings this year on a constant currency basis. And if you mix-adjust and FX-adjust to get true apples to apples, it would be well more than 20% EPS growth. We remain on track to deliver solid earnings this year, with an opportunity to drive increasing growth and value to customers through a combination of our core product focus, with many innovative enhancements coming over the next 12 to 18 months, our leadership position in IoT, and the acceleration of our transition to subscription. We remain on track to achieve our 2018 target business model and will continue to proactively manage our cost structure. When combined with our commitment to return 40% of free cash flow, we believe we're well-positioned to drive substantial value for our shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Andy Miller.
Andrew Miller: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Please note that I will be discussing non-GAAP results unless otherwise specified. Total third-quarter revenue of $304 million was down $33 million year over year as reported. $31 million of the decrease was driven by FX, and $7 million of the decrease was lower professional services revenue, consistent with our strategy to migrate more service engagements to our partners. On a reported basis, software revenue -- which consists of license, subscription, and support -- was down 7% year over year. However, after adjusting for currency, we delivered 2% year-over-year growth. Support revenue was up 6% on a currency-adjusted basis. This was partially offset by license revenue that was just below the low end of our guidance and down 6% year-over-year constant currency. It should be noted that we face a tough Q3 2014 license comparison, a quarter in which our CAD and extended PLM license revenue grew more than 20% year over year and in which we had 21 large deals. In our core business, most notably in the Americas and China, we saw deal sizes compressed and deals delayed at the end of the quarter. While we entered the quarter with caution about the macroeconomic environment, Q3 results suggest potentially greater challenges than we had anticipated, and we entered Q4 with greater caution about the manufacturing economy. Approximately 60% of our Q3 2015 revenue came from recurring business, up from 53% in the year-ago period, reflecting growth in our ratable revenue streams including subscription, cloud, and support revenues. Clearly, the growth in our recurring revenue represents a very positive trend in our business and will drive cash flow in subsequent quarters. Turning to our subscription licensing model, our subscription offering has now been available for three quarters. As we discussed last quarter, we currently have underway a Company-wide initiative which we call subscription phase 2. We believe that we can provide our customers more differentiated solutions through subscription offerings that in turn will enable us to increase customer lifetime value. Our objective in subscription phase 2 is to define the optimal end-state license model for PTC by market and by customer segment and then to drive a rapid transition to that end state. In this initiative, we are making good progress. We have McKenzie in-house supporting almost 30 work streams. We're now completing market and pricing studies by customer and product segment, and we've begun to define the differentiated subscription and perpetual offerings within each of our segments, differentiating on price, license features, support features, and product bundling. We continue to target completion of our subscription phase 2 program so that we can launch new offerings by the start of the next fiscal year. Thus far, our market survey work shows a general preference for subscription offerings across all of our customer segments and markets, as it provides customers greater value through flexibility, ramping capability, paying over time, and usage of operating versus CapEx budgets. You can expect us to share more with you as we wrap up the initiative towards the end of this fiscal year. Moving to the income statement, gross margin increased by 130 basis points on both a sequential and year-over-year basis. After adjusting for currency, gross margin increased 140 basis points year over year. The key driver was improvement in professional services gross margin, which was 16.5% in Q3 2015, above our 15% target for the year despite the impact of FX. Operating expenses in the third quarter were down $4 million, or 2.5%, from last quarter, primarily driven by our restructuring and by lower incentive compensation accruals offset by higher marketing costs with both LiveWorx and PTC Live last quarter. This strong gross margin performance, coupled with tight operating expense controls, resulted in an operating margin of 24% in Q3, within our guidance range despite revenue coming in slightly below the range. Overall, net income for the second quarter was $61.7 million, or $0.53 per share, above the high end of our guidance. Our EPS growth rate was flat year over year but up more than 20% when adjusting for currency. Note that a slightly lower tax rate and share count in our third quarter relative to guidance added approximately $0.02 to EPS. Also note that our GAAP results include a $14 million accrual associated with the pending China matter. Discussions regarding resolving that matter are still open, and we refer you to our press release and SEC filings for further details. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and investments were $275 million, up $7 million from last quarter, including $87 million of cash flow from operations and a drawdown of $94 million on our credit facility to fund the acquisition of ColdLight. We spent approximately $50 million repurchasing 1.2 million shares in Q3. For Q4 2015, we expect to repurchase additional shares such that total repurchases for the fiscal year will amount to approximately 40% of free cash flow, consistent with our capital return policy. Moving to guidance, based on a more cautious outlook on the near-term manufacturing economy and the expectation of a slightly lower mix of subscriptions in the back half, we are adjusting our top-line guidance. Our full-year top-line guidance factors in current exchange rates and 15% subscription license bookings mix, down from a 17% assumption last quarter. Additionally, we are reducing our professional services guidance by $3 million as we continue the transition of certain customer engagements to our partner ecosystem. With this in mind, we are now forecasting full-year revenue in the range of $1.25 billion to $1.265 billion, or flat to down 1% year over year on a constant-currency basis. Note that a greater mix of subscription in fiscal 2015 negatively impacts our growth by about 100 basis points. This compares to our previous revenue guidance of $1.28 billion to $1.295 billion. Our guidance includes software revenue of $1.021 billion to $1.036 billion, constant currency growth of 2% to 4%. A higher mix of subscription bookings in fiscal 2015 negatively impacts constant-currency growth by just over 100 basis points. Within our software guidance range, we expect license revenue in the range of $340 million to $355 million, and we expect support revenue of approximately $681 million. For professional services, we now expect revenue for the year of approximately $229 million. As a final note, I want to quantify the expected full-year impact of currency. Given our current assumptions, we expect FX will negatively impact our revenue by approximately $100 million as compared to last year. And we expect that a greater mix of subscription will negatively impact our total revenue by $14 million as compared to last year, a total year-over-year impact of approximately $112 million. Moving to margins, we are targeting a full-year operating margin of approximately 24% due to the restructuring actions initiated in Q2 and significantly lower incentive compensation accruals. And we continue to target 15% professional services gross margin in FY 2015. Notably, after the restructuring action is completed in Q4, we expect to exit 2015 with operating margins that position us well toward our 2018 targets. Turning to the bottom line, on a constant-currency basis, we continue to expect to deliver at least 15% EPS growth in fiscal 2015, in line with our prior guidance. We are now forecasting full-year EPS in the range of $2.15 to $2.23, compared to our previous guidance of $2.18 to $2.30. We are forecasting a full-year tax rate of 10% to 11%, benefiting from certain discrete items in the fourth quarter. For the fourth quarter, we are forecasting total revenue in the range of $304 million to $319 million, software revenue in the range of $254 million to $269 million, and a subscription bookings mix of 14% based upon our current view of the deals in the pipeline. License revenue is expected to be between $90 million and $105 million, and support revenue is expected to be approximately $164 million. Professional services revenue is expected to be down sequentially to approximately $50 million. Operating margin is expected to be approximately 26%, yielding EPS of $0.59 to $0.66. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A process.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Mr. Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets. Sir, your line is open.
Matt Hedberg: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to start off -- you guys made some comments that there is a strong preference towards subscription pricing. And I'm curious, when you look at your core CAD and PLM, is there a way to think about the percentage of subscription bookings coming from the core at this point?
Andrew Miller: I will take that question. We recently conducted studies with actually well over 300 of our customers. McKenzie did this for us and identified across all of our segments of the business that there was a preference for subscription, and it was pretty much the same preference in every single division. The core divisions as well as the rest. One of the primary drivers is as they evaluate the business case for subscription or for perpetual, one is the relationship between the two prices, and the other is the term of their business case. And they tend to use business cases in the four- to 4.5-year range. So for us, with customers that are very, very sticky, you can see how we can substantially increase the customer lifetime value while offering something that is economically quite attractive to them over their business case.
Matt Hedberg: And then maybe a follow-up to that, there were several IP deals that went perpetual this quarter. I'm curious, what drove that behavior this quarter, and would you expect that option to go away here potentially past the end of this fiscal year?
Andrew Miller: It was primarily customers that historically always purchased perpetual with us, and essentially that was their preference. And we offer -- up through the end of this quarter, we offer perpetual and subscription in our price book for IoT. We are moving more aggressively to subscription-only and IoT as we move forward.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, Jim here. Let me just add a little more color on that because I think this is a point of some confusion. I think we were clear that we told our sales guys you can sell it either way this first year. We are going to kind of measure customer reaction. If you look at -- the vast majority of transactions have been subscription, but then a couple of big ones came in perpetual. So we didn't really foresee that coming, but these were customers that we have relationship with. They love the technology, they wanted to buy it perpetual. And, quite frankly, we had a situation in place where the sales guys were allowed to sell it that way, so they did. I think that as far as subscription phase 2, we will revisit all that and try to steer it a little bit more in the future than we told you we were trying to do this year.
Matt Hedberg: That's helpful, Jim. And then maybe one last one for Andy. As attrition -- as the transition accelerates here, you just talked about your long-term margin targets intact. But I would assume if this transition accelerates, operating margins might come down in the short term. I guess first of all, is that correct? And second, how should we think about cash flow through this transition? I would assume that would fare better. Maybe just a little bit of color on that would be helpful.
Andrew Miller: We've laid out a 2018 operating margin target to 20%, 30% with a subscription mix assumption in that year of 30%. So clearly as we're going through the transition, it's more than 30% that would impact revenue in operating margins. You can count on us that we're going to be, one, giving you guideposts so you can see what the revenue would've been. And, two, we're going to be managing the cost structure of the business as if it were still a perpetual business. So we're not going to -- the expenses are going to basically track to the same margin target. So as we exit the transition, you'll see us right back on track. The other point I would make is that cash flows tend to catch up -- come out of the trough of the transition earlier than the revenue does simply because, depending upon the average length of your subscription contract, they at least make annual payments in advance. So generally you come out of it faster.
Matt Hedberg: Thank --
Andrew Miller: We will give you a lot more on this as we basically lay out what next year is going to look like and what the subscription transition is going to look like.
Matt Hedberg: That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks, two questions guys. First on the macro part, that's the one that I'm getting the most pushback from investors looking at the results from some of the industrial companies. But more importantly, looking at what the [settle] (inaudible) put up in terms of their results, how do we characterize what you are seeing relative to the strength that they had put up in their results? Is there any type of maybe market share shift or anything else that we need to worry about?
Jim Heppelmann: Sterling, it's Jim here. How are you doing? I don't think there's any competitive dimension in this discussion here. I think that we are in a series of businesses and Dassault is a series of businesses. Our CAD and PLM businesses most directly correlate to Dassault's Catia and Enovia businesses. And I think over the last three years, the growth rates of those have been remarkably similar. Now, Dassault is in some higher-growth businesses like SolidWorks, and we are in some higher growth businesses like IoT. But I think you can't really compare -- Dassault is structured differently than we are, and I think that that has helped them in this quarter because the SolidWorks business performed well and, like you saw, so did our IoT business. But we have a big exposure, of course, on the -- in the CAD and PLM.
Sterling Auty: So maybe just the follow-up to that one just real quick -- as you look at the Americas, industrial, is there anything that you can do, any levers that you can pull, to help improve? Or do we just kind of have -- for that part of the business, kind of ride it out?
Jim Heppelmann: I think -- you know we are somewhat in these more mature businesses correlated, for example, to the PMI index. And that fell a fair amount in the US within the quarter. And in China, it's kind of been in negative -- that is to say, less than 50 territory for a couple of quarters in a row now. So just let me hit China first. It wasn't that long ago when the China manufacturing economy was growing double digits, and now it's contracting. And on top of that, there is some political things going on that make it difficult for US technology companies. So China is a difficult environment for virtually every American technology company right now selling in the manufacturing industry. I think in the US, we do a lot of business with global industrial companies, and the strengthening of the dollar has made it very difficult for them to export. And their own results look comparatively bad, much worse than at the beginning of the year. So I think that they are retrenching a little bit, and that's causing some pain for us. So I think that that's really behind what's going on. It's just the big deals -- if you look at the big deal volume year over year, the big deals are substantially less. And so I think companies have just been reticent now. I think we're still doing smaller deals, and I think that as the cycle moves through and so forth, I think we will see that pick up again.
Andrew Miller: And I had two things I want to add. One is we had the macro challenges and we also had a really tough compare. And while I don't want to overplay it, it is important to note that Q3 a year ago, our core business bookings in CAD and PLM grew over 40% and our revenue grew over 20%. So that was an extremely tough compare that, even with our guidance, we were not going to be putting up strong numbers. So you can't look at one quarter of us versus one quarter of Dassault without looking under the covers at how those compares existed. The second thing is that one thing I think you can count on from PTC is that if we assess that there is a trend in the -- whether it's a macro tech trend or a market trend that we have to adjust to deliver a consistent earnings growth, you can pretty much count on the fact that we will definitely look at our cost structure as something that we may consider adjusting if need be to continue to drive from these growth.
Sterling Auty: Got you. And then the other question that we're getting a lot of is on the subscription transition, as you look into different pricing dynamics, do you think there's going to be the opportunity to take legacy customers that are paying maintenance and getting them onto a subscription format? As well as, are you going to consider, at least in some areas, because it sounds like IoT, you are -- are you going to consider the elimination of perpetual altogether?
Jim Heppelmann: We actually have a work stream focus on our existing customers and how we transition them, both their new bookings to that often are under volume agreements -- how we transition them to subscription. And we are also assessing how we might transfer their maintenance bases potentially to subscriptions. So that is something that we are focused on, and we are actually looking deal by deal at the new ones coming up on what could offer be that would be something that would be good for them and good for us. So that is part of it. But at this time, I do want to highlight that the focus is the license bookings moving to subscription. But we are assessing how we could leverage support as well on that. Jim here again. I just want to go back to -- just to kind of remind you what we told you last November and so forth at our investor day. We said for the first year, we want to just measure and get to know this a little bit. And then I think the whole purpose of subscription phase 2, as Andy said, is to figure out what does it look like at steady-state and how fast can we get there. So there's a lot of very good analytics happening. And we're just not quite done, so we're not ready to tell you the answer here in the call. But I think that as we go into next year, we're going to outline a pretty good program you're going to like to get to the destination as fast as possible so we don't linger in this transition period unnecessarily long.
Sterling Auty: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Koenig from Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Steve Koenig: Hi, gentlemen, thanks for taking my question, maybe I've got a follow-up or a housekeeping item too. I'm wondering with the macro environment that you're seeing in manufacturing, are you seeing conditions continue to deteriorate? Q2 and Q3 was worse than you thought it was. I guess where I'm headed with this is would you expect the business -- the core business in constant currency to stabilize by the time this annualizes, for example, in Q2 next year? Or are you seeing the macro just continue to deteriorate so that we can't know if that annualizing of the comps is going to stabilize things?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I'll take a pass, and Andy, you can (multiple speakers). I think, again, if you look at the big deal count -- the number of large deals we did a year ago, the number of large deals we did this year -- it only takes a couple handfuls of transactions to slide, and you get a material difference with these big transactions. So I think that what's happened is the bigger transactions are getting a lot more scrutiny. And people aren't saying no; they are just saying not quite yet, and then it slides into the next quarter. So I think as we look at Q4, we expect to get and in fact already have closed a number of the Q3 transactions that slid. But then we are left with the concern, might Q4's transaction slide into Q1 if we continue to have the same sort of backup. But, yes, I don't think this is necessarily just getting worse and worse and worse. I think that there was a huge change in currency, if I recall, in our Q2 that it's still kind of a shock factor as we go into Q3. I don't think it's worse; I just think that when our big deals start sliding, then it's hard to post the type of numbers that we want to post.
Steve Koenig: Yes, okay, that makes perfect sense, Jim. You know, then, I wanted to [Multiple Speakers] --
Andrew Miller: The one thing I would add to that is what we are seeing is the pipeline looks very strong, but the on-time close rate actually has gone down. That's actually what we're seeing. So it is taking a bit longer to close in this quarter than it did last quarter, for example. The close rate ticked down just a little bit.
Steve Koenig: Got it. Okay. Thanks, Andy; that's helpful, too. I wanted to ask in terms of a follow-up, just two quick ones. One is you have done some subscription deals in the core business. Are those generally some kind of multi-year deal that then renew, or is it some kind of different structure? And would you expect a radically different structure in phase 2? And then one last housekeeping question.
Andrew Miller: Some of the big deals in the past were multi-year. And we would expect subscription deals in the quarter to be one-, two-, or three-year deals. Generally, that's typically what you see. Our average length, because we have a lot of IoT deals now that are shorter, is somewhere between one and two at this point and holding pretty consistently.
Steve Koenig: And Andy, have those been ratable every quarter, or is there a lot of (multiple speakers) just recognized?
Andrew Miller: It's ratable.
Steve Koenig: It's ratable. And it sounds like the phase 2 could be pretty similar.
Andrew Miller: As far as the length of the subscription offering? Yes, very likely we will offer one-, two-, and three-year. That's pretty standard to offer those. And the longer it is, you get a little bit better price than short.
Steve Koenig: Got it, okay. And last question is kind of a housekeeping one. Can you give us any sort of color on as we try to look at organic on Atego and Axeda, which were not present in the prior period. Any sense of the contribution there?
Andrew Miller: Organically, year to date, we are low single-digit down in software revenue. Now, the way the Company calculates that is we actually -- we tend to grow those acquisitions, but the way that the Company has always historically captured that is we assume that growth is inorganic. And so if you actually look [Multiple Speakers] four quarters have actually passed. So to put it in perspective, for example, we are expecting this year to grow the IoT bookings by more than 150% on an apples-to-apples basis compared to having exceeded it in last year. So -- but that, the way we report organic, inorganic, we would be telling you that that acceleration in growth and that more than doubling of the customer base is all acquisition related, when truly it's organic. So we'll revisit how we actually should share that with you probably as we enter next year.
Steve Koenig: Okay. And just to clarify, the organic software year to date, low single digit down, is that constant currency?
Andrew Miller: Yes, yes.
Steve Koenig: Got it. Okay, great. Thanks a lot, gentlemen.
Jim Heppelmann: Bob, I think we've got time for maybe one more question, please.
Operator: The next question is from Saket Kalia. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Hey guys, thanks for fitting me in here, I appreciate it. First, for Jim -- Jim, can you just maybe dig into it -- not to beat a dead horse, but can you just dig a little bit deeper into the macro headwinds that you felt like you faced in the core business? Is this the sort of behavior where customers are just pausing, or is this something where you can maybe see headcount cuts down the road in engineering headcount?
Jim Heppelmann: I don't have a crystal ball, Saket. I think that the US PMI a quarter ago was $55.7 million, which is a decent number, and within a single quarter, it fell to $53.6 million. That's not a disaster, but it's a bad trend, and I think that causes people to just take stock for a minute and say hey, let's call a timeout and figure out what we're doing here. And I also think a similar result -- Andy shared with me a statistic from about a week ago that said of the S&P 500, companies that have reported roughly two-thirds had beat on earnings, only one-third had beat on revenue. And the average revenue, if I remember correctly, was down 5%.
Andrew Miller: 4.1%.
Jim Heppelmann: 4.1%. So when the companies -- that's our typical customer. And when our typical customer looks at the revenue as reported thanks to currency being down 4.1%, and somebody has got a big transaction they want to pull the trigger on, they might just say hey, let's just call a timeout and reconnoiter here a little bit. I don't think the US economy is in crisis. I think it just went through a shock factor associated with FX. And people have to process that a little bit, and then hopefully we'll go back to business. But Andy said this and I said this, this management team has a good reputation for managing our cost structure, and we've posted pretty good earnings results. And, quite frankly, if not for FX and mix change this year, this would be the best year of all. So we've been committed to that. We've always stepped up when we had to make sure that the Company was generating profits a little bit independent of what was happening in one geo or one segment or what have you. So I think you should expect and you should see the credibility here that we will continue to manage that as best we can. We can't react within a quarter, but certainly we are sensitive to that the Company needs to continue to increase its earnings independent of what's happening in the moment out there in the outside world.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That's really helpful. And then just one follow-up. Andy, you mentioned sort of the four- to 4.5-year kind of business case that I guess the customers that you're surveying are kind of looking at. As you revisit your subscription pricing later on this year, do you anticipate that break-even point for perpetual versus subscription to be significantly different than what maybe other software transitions have seen? I want to say let's call it 2.5 to 3 years, where the two sort of -- revenue streams kind of equate to each other? Or how do you think about that?
Andrew Miller: Okay, I don't want to give you the answer yet, because we're not done. First off, we are -- we actually have some very good analysis that shows exactly -- basically the demand elasticity, at what point people prefer subscription over perpetual and how it falls off. I will share that our current pricing at 60% only really attracts people who absolutely, absolutely want subscription. But there -- we have -- what I will share is that we have the opportunity, given the stickiness of the software, frankly to tremendously increase the lifetime value of the customer. Easily in that 20% to 40% range that you hear most software companies talk about. So we are feeling good about that based upon the studies that have been done so far, but we're not quite done. So I don't want to give you the answer yet.
Saket Kalia: Got it, fair enough. Thanks very much, guys.
Andrew Miller: I know you want it, but --
Saket Kalia: Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. I guess that brings us to the end of the call, but thank you all for joining us here again this afternoon. And just sort of in summary, there was some good news in the quarter and some things that we are not happy with, and then some external pressures on us from macro and FX and so forth. I think we are pretty proud, though, of the earnings results, and we are extremely proud of the IoT results. And I think we need to continue to work hard on the core business to make sure that that performs as well as possible given the environment that we are in. So we look forward to talking to you again in 90 days. In 90 days, of course, we will have a much better look into FY 2016 and into subscription phase 2 and a lot of other things I know you're interested in. So look forward to talking to you then. Thank you and goodbye.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-04-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox - Vice President, Investor Jim Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer Andrew Million - Chief Financial Officer Barry Cohen - EVP, Strategy
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets Steve Koenig - Wedbush Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Matthew Williams - Evercore
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing-by and welcome to the PTC’s 2015 Second Quarter Conference Call. During today’s presentations all parties will be on a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be open for the questions, [Operator instruction]. This call is been recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this point. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim Fox, PTC’s Vice President of Investor Relation. Sir, please go ahead. 
Tim Fox: Thank you, Tory. Good afternoon and welcome to PTC’s 2015 Second Quarter Conference Call. On the call today are Jim Heppelmann, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Million, Chief Financial Officer; and Barry Cohen, EVP of Strategy. Today’s conference call is been broadcast live to an audio webcast and the replay of the call will be available later today at www.ptc.com.  During this call, PTC will make forward-looking statements including guidance such to future operating results because such statements deal with future events actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statement. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC’s annual report on Form-10K, Form-10Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as well as in today’s press release.  The forward-looking statements including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today’s date, April 29, 2015 and PTC assumes no obligation to publically update these forward-looking statements. During the call, PTC will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with general accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures can be found in today’s press release made available on our website.  With that, I’d like to turn the call over to PTC’s Chief Executive Officer, Jim Heppelmann.
Jim Heppelmann: Great, thank you, Tim. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us here on the call for the review of our second quarter 2015 results. We’ve changed some aspects of our earnings release process this quarter in an effort to better meet units and I hope you’ll appreciate this new approach. Also given the complexity that currency and subscription transition have introduced this quarter, our remarks are probably longer today that we would intend to do in the future. Overall our Q2 results demonstrated solid execution across the business despite the very tough currency environment and somewhat uncertain macro economic conditions.  Revenue was above the midpoint of our guidance range and we delivered EPS above the high end of our guidance range which reflects our continued commitment to driving margin expansion and our earnings growth.  Once again, this quarter results were better than the headlines would suggest given the combined effects that foreign currency, our license model transition and our strategy to shift our professional services growth towards the partner ecosystem have on our announced results. If you normalize for foreign exchange rates and for subscription mix than on an apples to apples basis our year-over-year license revenue would have grown 8% and our software revenue would have grown 10%. With our professional services results included, total revenue grew 5%, operating income grew 14% and earnings per share grew more than 20%. These results are very consistent with the performance since you have been seeing from PTC for some time now.  While the ApEx headwind, our business model and the professional services strategy make a headline to results appear less attractive, we know the shareholders appreciate the longer term positive effects of the license transition and the services strategy. Then consistent with the commitment I made 90 days ago, PTC has now taken action to address what we believe is the new normal in the currency environment. So before going any deeper into second quarter results, I’d like to provide more context around that corporate alignment that we announced three weeks ago.  In addition to mitigating the impact of foreign currency and potential macroeconomic headwinds, we also saw the opportunity to expand on our leadership and momentum in our Internet of Things business by increasing investments in sales and marketing and in product development will also accelerating some of the IOT related development work in our core cad and extended PLM solutions we see a great opportunity to further differentiate our industry leading CAD, PLM, ALM and SLM solutions by enhancing them with the connected approach. We’ll be sharing more details about that connecting strategy in the core business at our LiveWorx event in Boston next week and even more so at our PTC live global event in June.  But probably you could imagine the value of the engineers can unlocked by understanding how their products are being used in the field and how the products are performing relative to the design intent and quality expectations. Or for service technicians to proactively know what service the product will need even before they actually need it and to avoid the downtime by fixing the problem before the product actually fails. Simply putting an industry that uses the phrase lifecycle management a lot, PTC stands alone at this point with the connectivity that enables true lifecycle management to continue after the product leaves the factory and enters what is the longest phases of its lifecycle. We have had some remarkable customer meetings on the close loop lifecycle management topic lately, but it’s also important to note that we remain fully committed to executing on our core CAD and PLM solution roadmaps with the next major release of Windchill coming later this calendar year and the Creo 4.0 targeted for release in mid 2016. Coming back into our second quarter results, we’re pleased with the early progress and customer feedback on our subscription licensing program with strong cash rates in our IoT business that is primarily subscription based and emerging customer interest across our core business including the new offerings for channel partners. While the subscription bookings makes up 14% in the second quarter was slightly below our previous 15% estimates, subscription bookings in aggregate remained above 15% for the first half of 2015 and based on the profile of our current pipeline, we see the pace of subscription adoption ticking up slightly in the second half of the year. We call that subscription offerings provide greater flexibility and value for many customers and interims will drive significant long term value for PTC. You’ll note in our financial disclosures that we’re now highlighting the performance of total software revenue which is the combination of license, subscription solutions including cloud services and support revenue. Consistent with our strategy for professional services revenue to trend flat to down overtime as we grow our service partner ecosystem, we believe that the software revenue measure better reflects our top-line progress. During the second quarter, the high margin software revenue grew 8% year-over-year on a constant currency basis and would have grown 10% if further adjusted for the subscription bookings mix. The strong performance in software revenue was then offset by a 12% year-over-year constant currency decline in the lower margin professional services business consistent with our strategy. Service partner bookings have actually been stronger through the first half of the year than we had anticipated as our partners continue to develop their PTC practices, so overall we’re pleased with our progress here.  In terms of geographic performance when adjusting for currency, we delivered very strong performance in Japan including a megadeal mid-single-digit software revenue growth in the Americas and Europe and flattish results in Asia Pac. Software revenue results benefited from strong support revenue growth in all regions tempered by a year-over-year decline in license revenues in the Americas and Europe. Recall that we closed three megadeals in these two regions in Q2 of 2014 which makes for a tough year-over-year comparison. In addition, we did see pockets of cautious buying behavior later in the quarter which impacted large deal close rates and timing. Economic reports have been mixed over the past few months especially for manufacturers with significant currency exposures. Many of our largest customers in the U.S. in particular our multinationals did rely heavily on exports, so the rapid strengthening of the U.S. dollar could be impacting their business. We’re watching this closely. Turning to segment performance when adjusting for currency, our core business second quarter results were somewhat mixed. CAD and SLM delivered solid results in line with our targets while extended PLM was at the lower end of our target range primarily due to a few large deals slipping out of the quarter. So starting with SLM, we were encouraged to see SLM post double-digit constant currency license growth in Q2. We entered the year with a much stronger pipeline that we believed would enable our SLM business to return to growth in the second half and while it’s still too early to declare a victory, we’re encouraged by the performance this quarter and by the stronger pipeline as we enter the second half of the year. During the quarter, we closed a number of strategic SLM transactions including commitments from Dell which continues to expand its SLM footprint with PTC. Lockheed Martin who is a large PLM customer also made a sizable SLM purchase in the quarter. This demonstrates one of the key growth drivers for our SLM business which is our ability to leverage deep customer relationships to cross-sell in the PTC’s large CAD, PLM install base. We’re penetration of our SLM solution still in the early stages. We’re excited about last week’s launch of our in-service technology, this is our next generation solution for technical and service parts information. This new software based on the -- technology that we acquired in 2013 and then leverage in our capital engagement. The in-service software significantly enhances our service information solution capability by extending a customers CAD investment to deliver graphics to downstream service technicians and by extending at customers PLM investment to deliver product structures and service parts information downstream in the service as well. The ability of downstream service departments to get as much utility of CAD and PLM data as the manufacturing organization already does is a powerful idea and there is nothing quite like this in the market decrease a powerful cross-sell the PTC sizable CAD and PLM install base, but the solution also in our operate with competitors CAD and PLM systems. If you have a chance to come to our LIBOR’s event next week, you’re going to see some great examples of close low capability where we take a existing manufacture product add senses to what after the fact then user IoT platform to connect that product and sensors the cloud. We see the sensor stream in the CAD to analyze the fitness of the design during the actual product use. We also analyze the sensor data with big data predictive analytics. And then finally we leverage PLM configuration data to deliver CAD graphics as were constructions through augmented reality into the hands of service technicians in the field. That’s one of them out but when you see that running is really a truly amazing capability that can only be delivered when you combined our new technology platforms with our core enterprise applications. Turning now to the other core businesses CAD constant currency software growth of 5% was in line with our expectations driven by new series modules and upgrades of --. Extended PLM at more mixed results were performance appears have been impacted by several large deals slipping out in the quarter as I mentioned. Nevertheless, we continue to win new PLM customers to extend their footprint with an existing customer and the cross-sell adjacent solutions into our base. During the second quarter for example, we close an enterprise wide the PLM deployment with Nordex Energy, a German base global leader and high efficiency win turbine technology and we secured a seven figure PLM expansion with brother industries, who you know is a leading electronics manufacture in Japan. We also security follow-on ALM commitment with a leading major automotive customer in Japan, who continues to expand PTC’s footprint across this growing software engineering growth. The Q2 IoT results were stellar. Our IoT business once again delivered very strong performance and is already approaching 10% of our license revenue in the quarter. While we’re certainly please with our revenue performance, I’ll remind you again that at this stage, our primarily goal is to when new logos and then to expand within these customers. Our experience suggested the initial IT platform win is -- to a design win in the semi-conductor world. The first looking is not large, but have to demonstrating success with the initial IoT initiatives we can expect to expand within the account as we see across product lines, departments and business units. Today some of our largest IoT customers represent subscriptions in the range of 500,000 to more than 1 million per year and they’re still that partial penetration. So with the influx of new logos, you can see how this business could become quite significant very quickly, as we begin to move past the proof-of-concept face and into the face wider production usage. Then following a strong Q1 performance on the logo front, where we secured 42 new IoT logos in Q1. We closed 62 new IoT logos in Q2, which is a sequentially increase of 48%. To put this in perspective 62 represents one significant new IoT logo win every business day during the second quarter. We believe we’re on page and exceed our target of 200 new IoT customers in fiscal 2015 and we might actually approach this goal by the end of Q3, as was the case in Q1 we again had a healthy mix of contribution from all our go-to-market channels with our new dedicated IoT sales force delivering about 60% of the new logos. Our strategic account reps delivering about 25% and our go-to-market partners about 15%, the new logos were attracting come from a variety of vertical industries. They are planning IoT platform to many different use cases within their operations. One new logo customer for example in Strachan is using our platform to develop remote service and remote access capabilities as well as to deliver automated software updates to their equipment in the field. [Indiscernible] manufactures and services high end test equipment this sold in over 40 countries and by leveraging PTC IoT platform [instron] plans to significantly reduce onsite service calls and the associate cost. Well we believe that service remains the killer app for IoT. We also landing the new commitment from one of the leading U.S. based aero space and defense manufacturers for a more advanced application of IoT. They are pursuing 5 separate IoT initiatives where they are innovating around new revenue producing services for their customers. In addition to new logos we measure IoT lead as an early indicator of business momentum. Here we continue track over 1,000 opportunities in a global pipeline that could be worth $100 million in revenue. Given the early nature of this market we don’t expect close rates to give this pipeline to be as high as in our core business. But we have the capacity in place to execute on this significant rate of lead generation and as mentioned before we believe we’re on track and meet or even beat our new logo target for the year. PTC is growing leadership position and IoT will be on full display next week in Boston at our live works event, where industry experts will be sharing the latest updates on IoT technology product capabilities in business model. We have a number of great key notes because lined up including Steve Wozniak the co-founder of Apple and Professor Michael Porter from Harvard business school who as many of you know co-authored with me the cover story in last November Harvard business review that talked about the impact of IoT on competition. Live works attendees who have access to more than 50 sessions hosted by technology and business leaders who are sharing their challenges and successes across the broad range of IoT topics including analytics, big data, security, connected health, global connection and deployment strategies. The response to this event and it’s been a bit overwhelming as we initially target 1,000 attendees. But now expect around 2,000 which has caused us to need to scramble to find a bigger venue for the all in key note audiences. This means that the attendance has increased more than 500% over the last year’s live worked event. You are all invited to join us at this event to hear some of the exciting new on PTC products and partnerships. But please do reach out to the IR team for details and you ensure that we know you are coming. So we can the premium spot for you in the venue in case things get crowded. We also invite you to consider attending our PTC live global event in Early June, which is here is going to be held the national. Whereas live works is more focused on IoT, PTC light global is more focused on the traditional core business. In addition to offering insights and perspectives product road maps and customer case studies around our core products. There will be many opportunities as well to learn about our smart connected product strategy and the role of IoT in our core products. Companies are excited to learn and to take advantage of what’s been called the most disruptive technology of our time. Before I turn the call over to Andy. Let me comment on our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2015. I think we have a lot of momentum in the business and on balance we feel good about the progress we’re making on many fronts. We’re creating value for customers and for PTC as we move aggressively into an IoT leadership position and plant to enable our core products with [Indiscernible] activity driven enhancements as well. We are also creating value for both our customers and for PTC by embarrassing the subscription business model; we expect however they will continue to encounter headwinds in our business due to a combination of currency exchange rates. Our evolving license business mode and the manufacturing economy there is potentially softer than what we saw in fiscal 2014. We’ve adjusted our fiscal 2015 guidance for further depreciation on foreign currency an slightly higher mix of subscription bookings which we now expect to be 17% of total license bookings for 2015. Besides, currency and mix, we’ve also adjusted our revenue outlook to factor in these somewhat more cautious macroeconomic outlook as well as lower professional services revenue driven by the acceleration of the transition of our customer engagements to partner ecosystem.  Nonetheless, we’re maintaining our guidance for 15% growth in non-GAAP earnings this year on a constant currency basis do impart to portfolio management approach to the business in our recent realignment actions. We remain on track to deliver solid year with opportunity to drive increasing growth and value to customer through a combination of our core product focus, our leadership position in IT, our business model transition.  We remain on track to achieve our 2018 target business model and when combined with our commitment to return 40% of free cash flow to shareholders, we believe we’re well positioned to drive substantial value for our shareholder over time.  Now I’d like to introduce for the first time PTC’s new Chief Financial Officer, Andy Miller, who will be a key partner of mine as we look to drive the value for customers and shareholders going forward. Andy brings a truly unique skill set to PTC having experienced driving both growth and shareholder value at his previous companies. This experience is already paying dividends and driving constructive change internally here at PTC. With that, I’ll turn it over to Andy.
Andrew Million: Thanks, Jim and good afternoon everyone. Please not that I’ll be discussing non-GAAP results unless otherwise specified. Total second quarter revenue of 315 million was down 13 million year-over-year driven entirely by lower professional services revenue consistent with our strategy. After adjusting for currency total revenue increased 4% year-over-year and when further adjusted for subscription mix revenue would have grown 5% year-over-year.  On a reported basis, software revenue which consists on license subscription and support was flat year-over-year. However, after adjusting for currency we delivered strong software performance with 8% growth. Further adjusting for license mix, software revenue would have grown 10%. Our strong software revenue performance was driven by support which was above our guidance and would have been up 10% year-over-year on a currency and mix adjusted basis.  This was partially offset by license revenue that was slightly below the midpoint of guidance but would have been up 8% year-over-year on a currency and mix adjusted basis. As Jim noted earlier in his opening remarks, we faced the tough Q2 2014 license comparison a quarter which we had 17 large deals including 3 mega deals. We also believe some of the Q2 2015 large deal softness could be related to potential economic and certainty. Especially in the America but also in the Europe, we saw deal sizes compressed in some chases deals were delayed.  Approximately 59% in Q2 2015 revenue came from recurring business up from 52% a year ago reflecting growth in subscription and support. Clearly the growth in our recurring revenue represents a very positive trend in our business.  Turning now to our subscription licensing model, our subscription offering has been available for two quarters and we are pleased with the early indicators. We currently have underway a companywide imitative which we call subscription phase 2. We believe that we can provide our customers more differentiated values through subscription offerings that in turn will enable us to increase customer lifetime value.  Our program objective is to define the optimal license model and state for PTC and then to drive a rapid transition to that end state model. In this initiative we are focused on completing marketing and pricing studies and then defining differentiated subscription offerings which will enable us to determine and then rapidly drive to our end state.  We're targeting completion of our program so that we can launch new pricing, licensing and product feature offerings by the start of the next fiscal year. Thus far, our work shows many customers in many markets prefer subscription offering as it provides greater value for flexibility, ramping capability, paying overtime and usage of our operating reverse CapEx budgets. You can expect us to share more with you as we progress through our program during the second half of the year. Moving to the income statement, gross margin increased by 120 basis points on a sequential basis and a 150 basis points year-over-year and was at the high-end of our guidance. After adjusting for currency and subscription mix, gross margin would have increased 210 basis points. The key driver of our improved gross margin was our mix of software business which was 81% of total revenue this quarter up from 78% a year ago. We’re pleased to see a sequential improvement in professional services gross margin which was 16% in Q2 ’15 above our 15% target for the year.  Operating expenses in the second quarter were down 8.7 million or 5% from last quarter, a strong gross profit performance coupled with tight operating expense control resulted in operating margin of 23.4% in Q2 140 basis points above the high-end of our guidance. Overall, net income for the second quarter was 61.4 million or $0.53 per share above the high-end of our guidance. Our EPS growth rate was 11% year-over-year and more than 20% when adjusting for currency and license mix. Note that net income benefited by lower tax rate and share count in our second quarter relative to guidance which added approximately $0.02 to EPS. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and investments were 268 million up 7 million from last quarter including 92 million of cash flow from operations and 75 million repayment on our credit facility. Relative to soft repurchases, now that the ASR is complete, we intend to begin repurchases again during Q3 and Q4 and expect to be on track by the end of the year with our goal of returning 40% of free-cash-flow to shareholders. Moving to guidance. Based on the continued appreciation of the dollar against foreign currencies and the expectation of a higher mix of subscriptions in the back half, we are adjusting our top-line guidance. Our top-line guidance factors in current exchange rates 17% subscription license bookings mix up from 15% assumption last quarter and also a slightly more cautious outlook on the near term economy.  Additionally, we are reducing our professional services guidance by 18 million as we continue to transition certain customer engagements to our partner ecosystem. With this in mind, we are now forecasting full year revenue in the range of 1.28 billion to 1.295 billion or 2% to 3% year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis. This compares to our previous revenue guidance of 4% to 6% constant currency growth. On a license mix adjusted basis, our FY 2015 revised guidance would imply approximately 4% growth year-over-year at the midpoint in total revenue and approximately 8% growth year-over-year at the midpoint in software revenue. As you consider the change in our full year top-line guidance, note that 23 million of the change is due to new assumptions regarding currency and subscription license and mix and 18 million of the change is due to our lower professional services expectations. Together these factors represent $41 million decrease in our revenue guidance. Our guidance includes software revenue of 1.048 billion to 1.063 billion which when adjusted for FX and license mix is in the lower half of our prior guidance range. Note that our current assumptions around currency and subscription mix are negatively impacting our software revenue guidance by about $20 million. Within our software guidance range, we expect the license revenue in the range of 360 million to 375 million and we expect support revenue of approximately 688 million. For professional services, we now expect revenue for the year of approximately 232 million. As a final note, I want to quantify the expected full year impact of currency and the license model transition on our 2015 top-line results. Given our current assumptions, we expect FX will negatively impact our revenue by 100 million as compared to last year and we expect the transition to subscription will negatively impact our revenue by 22 million as compared to last year. The total year-over-year impact of approximately 122 million on the top-line. Moving to margins, despite the change in our revenue guidance, we continues to target full year operating margin of 24% to 25% due to the restructuring actions initiated in Q2 and we continue to target 15% professional services gross margin in FY 2015. Notably after the restructuring action is completed in Q3, we expect related 2015 with operating margins that position as well towards our 2018 target. Turning to the bottom-line, on our constant currency basis, we continue to expect to deliver at least 15% EPS growth in FY215 in line with our prior guidance. We are now forecasting full year EPS in the range of $2.18 to $2.30. Note that our current assumptions for currency and subscription license mix are negatively impacting our EPS guidance by approximately $0.08 as compared to last year. So as in these changes to our assumptions, our EPS guidance will actually be higher than our prior guidance due to the lower tax rate assumption of 14%. For the third quarter, we are forecasting total revenue in the range of 307 million to 312 million, software revenue in the range of 253 million to 258 million and a subscription booking mix of 18%. License revenue is expected to be between 85 million and 90 million and support revenue is expected to be across certainly 168 million. Professional services revenue is expected to be down sequentially to approximately 54 million. Operating margin is expected to be in the 22% to 23% range even timing of expenses. The EPS of $0.47 to $0.50. Lastly, as it relates to our third quarter. It’s important to recall Q3 ’14 was a very strong bookings quarter for both perpetual license and subscriptions, we’ve 21 large deals include two main deals in the quarter. As such, we will again be basic a very tough year-over-year comparison both on a recorded basis and viewed on a constant currency mix-adjusted basis. Let me just some item. In our press release today, we provided and update concerning the China matter. We’ve began negotiations with year ’15 to reach revolution of its investigation and we expect to begin negotiations with the department of justice in the near future. At this time, we are not able to estimate possible laws associated with resolve in this matter, its settlement are the amount could be material to our results of operations for the applicable fiscal period. I refer you to our SEC filings and today’s press release and prepared remarks for additional information.  Before I ramp up my commentary, let me share some of my thoughts and why I join PTC and why I’m very excited by the opportunity that’s in front of us to drive value for shareholders. In PTC, I saw company and management team that it demonstrated the -- to transformers business by expanding operating margin 1,200 basis points and going EPS and cash flow north of 20% over the last five years. And then doing my diligence on the company I became convinced of two substantial opportunities for PTC to drive improving growth over the coming years. I believe PTC remain extremely well positions and its core CAD and PLM markets with the deep and loyal customer base. And now have the opportunity to deliver more value and by extension higher growth by leveraging new licensing and delivery model. Now add to this the early PTC is taken in IoT software platforms, which I believe is one of the most exciting software markets in the past 15 years. And I see PTC next grade growth opportunity. IoT has the potentials to not only accelerate growth in a new software market, but overtime to enhance the differentiation and value proposition of PTC’s core solutions. I’m excited to be part of the team here PTC and look forward to medium knowledge you will be accelerate our investor out which over the coming quarter. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] our first question comes from the line of Mr. Sterling Auty from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Sterling Auty: Thanks very much and Andy welcome to the team. One question, one follow-up. Jim, On the IoT side when you look at the 62 logos that you brought in, what I’m curious about is what does the IoT stack look like for those companies meaning what portion of the IoT solution are you putting to the table and what commonly are you kind of connect in your meaning is a broad comp ships being provision by just for a wireless or synchronize and then you are getting the data feeds. What does the total solution look like as much as you can say most common architecture within these companies?
Jim Heppelmann: I think if I were to generalize it, what we are selling to you now is the software that a little modular software they will go into the product. So assuming the product has a weird or a Wi-Fi or cellular ability to connect and they need the piece of software they carry on the conversation with the cloud so we are selling that little module that goes into the product.  he so called edge agent and then we’re selling the cloud piece that the edge agent talks to so the cloud, the database, the capacity that it receives his data and carry on the conversation from the cloud end and then we are selling the application enable that platform which is the plumbing to both build and run applications on their cloud talking by directionally with that product. So we are actually selling quite a bit of technology stack. Now in terms of what is that product have been turned inside it already in terms of hardware and software. Well, I sell over the map from products that had the ability to connect, but didn’t know what to connect to, in some cases people who are slapping a raspberry pie and no pie could never had the ability to connect and giving the ability to connect. So it varies a lot in terms of what’s inside the product. But our solution to go from product to cloud and then to build and then to run applications against that product is fairly consistent. So of course it vary a little.
Sterling Auty: Okay and then separately when you talk about the uncertain economic environment. I guess we understand kind of the exporting in the dollar and euro exchanged. But when we look at some of the PMI’s coming out Europe, it feels like investors are more looking at possibility of recovery in Europe. So the time when you were talking about, just pushing this, is a little bit confusing. So maybe you can help kind of clarify that.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, so Sterling my view is that Europe situation is okay and mostly stable to PMI data. I’m looking at it says just tick down a tiny bit from 52 in change the 51 in change in last month. I think the bigger difference and bigger risk for us is in the U.S. where the PMI has been pretty strong. But I think it’s coming down quickly, tick down much more and what we really saw was particularly in the month of March is customers panicking a little bit because they were looking at their own forecast and seeing what currency was doing their top line and their bottom line and they were sort of just slapping the breaks on everything. So we saw in particular the U.S. now I wouldn’t have characterized the U.S. economy is difficult, I don’t think I did on the previous earnings call. But I think to that currency swing was so far and so abrupt that it just let people kind of in a bit of a deer in the headlights or panic mode moment saying let’s just stop and try to figure out where this is going, maybe it will stabilize and we go back to business as usual that would nice, maybe it won’t. So I think we’ve just tried to hedge a little bit saying there probably is a situation here and we’re the average U.S. based global company now has a different looking set of guys in front of their investors and they are trying to figure out what to do about it much as we were.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Matthew Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets. You may now proceed.
Matthew Hedberg: I know you talked about the move to subscription revenue still early and again you indicated in the prepared remarks that you might consider a more rapid transition. I’m wondering, does this imply a scenario where license revenue wouldn’t be an option at all in the future?
Andrew Million: Well I think our program is right now is to figure out what that end-state is so we’re looking at customer segment both size of customer the markets that are in and also by product segment to really figure out where the what offering makes sense for each customer and then we’re going to design the offering differentiating the pricing the win they take and frankly the feature sets that are offered there. And so we’re going into with an open mind but I think if you look at what’s happening broadly in software you see that there are so many market segments and customer segments it is the preferred way to buy and it continues to move in that direction, so we’re doing a number of marketing and pricing studies now to come up with that end state and I would expect that we’ll tell you more as we kind of complete these studies over the next few months and then our goal is to actually launch new offerings at the start of next fiscal year.
Matthew Hedberg: That’s great, thanks Andy. And then I’m curious if you could give us a sense for what percentage of your subscription bookings were some core CAD PLM this quarter versus maybe the past several quarters?
Andrew Million: Yes the IoT business remains primarily subscription. We saw some of the core business go subscription, but it was actually less than last quarter. There’s variability in these early stages as we look at the pipeline next quarter we’re seeing a little bit more those subscription, but I think at this stage there’s variability and frankly I think we can the reason we’re doing work on really the packaging aspect of it is so that we really have very differentiated offerings. Those people who care about could be total cost of the product over say four year to five year timeframe will want a different offering and that person is trying to optimize it over 10 years. The one who wants more flexibility to ramp and exchange product exchange fees will probably prefer subscription and so that’s really what we’re assessing at this point in time and then have to have truly a two distinct and different offerings [indiscernible].
Matthew Hedberg: Maybe I could squeeze one last one in here. I’m curious, what percentage of your [LNSS] bookings came from large deals? I think last quarter was maybe 32%, I think the year before was maybe 42% and I think in the prepared remarks you talked about in line with your historic average. I’m curious, what historic average are you using there for that assumption?
Andrew Million: It’s somewhere in the 30s. Yes, it’s basically somewhere in the 30s. It was clearly a little bit less this time because of the fact that we only have 13 of them.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Steve Koenig of Wedbush Securities. Sir, your line is now open, kindly proceed.
Steve Koenig: I’ve got a few questions that are all pretty historic hopefully. One is, can you all disclose so that we can do in our genetic calculation the revenue contribution from [indiscernible] which I don’t believe were present a year ago?
Andrew Million: Yes what I can share with you there organically the constant currency mix adjusted business grew just above the mid-single-digits as oppose to the 9% of the total. We’re only going to disclose revenue contribution from acquisitions if they materially serve with our results but it was just above the mid-single-digits in the 6% range this quarter.
Steve Koenig: 6% okay, so Andy on that number since the mix a lot of that mix is from the new business [indiscernible]. Can you possibly disclose just the constant currency adjusted organic contribution?
Jim Heppelmann: I don’t have that number in front of me. Yes, sorry.
Steve Koenig: Let’s see, can you tell us last quarter you told us a very useful statistic which was the [LNSS] bookings per sales and marketing spend was part of your prepared remarks you wouldn’t happen to have that again this quarter, would you?
Jim Heppelmann: It was up 7% and it’s in the prepared remarks I believe. 1.12 and up 7% year-over-year, yes.
Steve Koenig: Okay, I failed my Evelyn [indiscernible] so.
Jim Heppelmann: That’s the downside of the new process Steve.
Steve Koenig: That’s okay, we’ll get used to it. Just couple of quick ones and couple of more. Do you believe you’re still on track to achieve 40 million to 50 million in IoT revenue and subscription booking?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes and we haven’t changed that guidance. We didn’t mention it in this particular script but yes that would correct. That remains our guidance there.
Steve Koenig: Okay and the Nugget deal in Japan, what product areas was that in? [Indiscernible]
Andrew Million: Probably majority KI minority POM might a bit some other stuff in there.
Steve Koenig: And did you say what vertical that was?
Jim Heppelmann: No, we didn’t.
Steve Koenig: Little more strategic here, can you talk a little bit about progress integrating SOM with the IoT technology and when the application integrations will be available as that kind of turnkey solution for [indiscernible]?
Andrew Million: Yes, I mean let me say we’ll have some big announcements on this front next week and I hate kind of scooped here in the call. But we are making good progress and it’s quite exciting and we are making some interesting progress with partners in that area too. Other companies who might like similar strategies.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] our next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays Capital. Your line is now open. Kindly proceed.
Saket Kalia: Thanks for taking my questions and welcome Andy. So first on the services business, Andy, how much of that is now consulting [Audio Gap]?
Andrew Million: If you look at our IoT business there is almost no consulting in that business. So we kind of like the idea of moving to a business that’s either rich in subscription or rich in software. How are we going to measure it, but really focused on software with that would give us a path to much higher margins than we’ve been talking to you about year-to-date.
Jim Heppelmann: The other positive thing that’s also driving the lower professional services, numbers going forward as we’ve got more of these BRD’s speaking more of these basically out of the box solutions consulting offerings. So that they from the customers are bringing their products at much faster, with much smaller engagements that they have in the past. So that’s the positive for them and positive for us their higher margin as well.
Saket Kalia: Got it, that makes sense and then for my follow up. Jim, outside of IoT we are a subscription pricing resonating most in your customer basis and with the particular vertical our particular product maybe SNV versus large. Just any color on sort of where those preliminary marketing studies are showing subscription being successful offering.
Jim Heppelmann: We are one quarter into the offering of subscription into the S&P space and we did do a number of transactions there and I think it’s interesting to that space because a lot of those S&P companies are let’s say cash challenged and this gives them [indiscernible] commit all the cash up front, then I think if you go into the bigger accounts to be frank it’s probably not I’m not sure there is a strong association to a vertical or geography. I think it’s really more to a financial strategy of the customer. Some customers don’t like capital commitments and they rather buy everything on the OpEx basis and so forth. So I think it’s really down more to the financial strategy of the company that whether they are automotive industrial or retail.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Matt Williams from Evercore. Your line is now open. Please proceed.
Matthew Williams: Thanks very much and thanks for taking the question guys and welcome Andy. Just I’m curious with IoT getting as much attention as it is, from a budgeting standpoint with the customers that you are talking too. Are they trying carve out budget for IoT from existing budget or you starting to see instances where there sort of setting that aside and dedicate it your allocated dedicated resources towards trying to build out an IoT strategy and I guess just putting color on how they thinking about that from a budgeting stand point.
Andrew Million: Yes, I think the thing involved it very differently Matt from how they will think about CAD and PLM, CAD and PLM Mark somewhat mature markets and budgets are set well in advance and tend to have some kind of a cyclical effect tied to PMIs or macroeconomic or whatever. I think this IoT discussion is completely different than that. This is a very strategic initiative. The CEOs are involved. It’s a corner office topic to doing it for strategic reasons they would cut other budgets to make room for if they have to, but I think it’s that double effect and interesting little story from this past quarter Professor Porter and I held a event around the HBR article in Chicago and it was co-sponsored by the NAM the National Association of Manufacturers who was eager to be associated with the topic and they actually had asked us, could we co-sponsor that event because quite frankly we were going to do it anyway. And we said sure, but can you help us with audience acquisition and they said we’d love to. So this was an event where we targeted 75 CXOs with an emphasis on CEOs as the registration started coming in at a 120, we had to say I’m sorry there’s just no room in the room. We made the PTC people and the NAM people stand against the wall at the edge of the room, so all the customers could take every last spot at the tables in the theatre room and that was that. So I’m just saying it just kind of shows the level of interest here. I’ve never seen a topic in my time at PTC that so quickly was something that would get you to the corner office and in a very strategic conversation. So I don’t think we’re drawing from the CAD and PLM budget I think we’re onto something that’s acyclical because of how strategic it is.
Matthew Williams: And maybe just one quick follow up on the SLM business obviously a little bit results there and you guys have talked in the past that the pipeline seems to be there and there’s sort of in a mix of some execution and deals cycles elongating a little bit. So, could you give any update around the SLM I guess pipeline number one? And then, what you’re seeing in terms of deal cycles, is it shortening at all and just a general update there?
Andrew Million: Yes I think we’ve sort of framed up at our SLM sales cycle. These are enterprise initiatives -- sold top-down and consulted it way around business process transformation and those are never short sales processes. So I would put them in four to six kind of quarter range, so just to remind you of what the story we’ve been sharing with you over the past few quarters is in 2013 we didn’t have a dedicated selling organization for SLM and we felt like we didn’t have enough attention on it and the pipeline got a little soft because we didn’t have enough expertise enough focus. In 2014, we put on a dedicated sales force, but we said it will take some time to build up the pipeline and to run these deals through the cycle and if you look at four, six, seven whatever quarter of sales processes that means it should start to show up in the back half of 2015. So the pipeline does look quite robust now. We feel good about that. We did see a better result here in the past quarter. Like I said I don’t think we want to declare victory on that yet one quarter doesn’t make a trend, but that quarter is consistent with the trend we would expect to see based on the actions we’ve taken in the pipeline that we’ve developed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Sir, your line is now open, kindly proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Gavin [ph] in for Jay. Wanted to start on the press release about the restructuring and expense reductions where you referred to assessing pricing and packaging practices. Did you mean something short term such as raising local non U.S. prices to offset currency? Or did you mean something more substantial and longer term than that?
Andrew Million: We’re basically assessing our pricing and these studies we’re doing relative to the perpetual and subscription offering and the feature offerings as well kind of come up with the good, better, best type of strategy for various products for example so that’s pricing strategic you don’t want to just do a quick kneejerk reaction to something going on in the market we compete against German companies frankly who have much less U.S. based business than we do. So they’re actually seeing – as you saw some of our competitors that their reported results are higher than the constant currency results, so kind of the inverse of us. So we’re doing it from a more strategic perspective.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes and I can say one of the great things as Andy has got a lot of experience here. So it’s great to have them on the team, because he is one of these guys are come into the office filled with great ideas and lots of execution energy and so forth. So we’re off executing vigorously subscription Phase II and strategic pricing and things like that. I think we always wanted to do and now we got the talent to do it.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, good. And under what circumstances would you for see increasing the expected or target proportion of subscription licenses to say 25% or more?
Jim Heppelmann: Basically it’s going to drive greater overall value to us from the customers. I mean, we’ll going to get more revenue from the customer, because that’s more valuable offering to the customer and that we’re going to drive there.
Andrew Million: Yes I just, if I could add here. When we launched into this program at the beginning of the year. We said, we want to run this for a year without trying to steer it. So that we can here the voice of the customer and then we want to steer it. So when Andy talks about subscription Phase II, he means grabbing the controls and steering this to some destination that we think is the right destination so that we move through this process and there is an end to it. So that’s really what we’re talking about, we’re collecting data and beginning now to say okay, what is the data telling us and what’s the destination and how quick can we get there. So that we kind of come through the valley of the transformation and come out the other side with the benefits. So that’s what we’re working on.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Is this feasible to reinvest in most, if not all of the expense savings from the restructuring layoffs back into the IoT business?
Jim Heppelmann: I mean, in gross terms we reinvested half. So we took some money output and put half back in and other half fell to the bottom-line. Is it feasible, I mean could we spend more money, let me tell you we’ve spend a lot money. I mean I don’t know that we need to spend any more money, I will tell you, we’re playing to win and when somebody has good idea and a good initiative or if we see for a need for sales capacity we’re funding it. So there is nobody going hungry here in the IoT business, we’re trying not to be cavalier but we’re playing to win and we do intend to win in this business. And I think quite frankly the data suggest and the analysts are starting to suggest that we are winning.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And lastly in terms of cash flow. What is your estimated FY ’15 operating cash flow and is a possible that your FY ’16 cash flow can return to fiscal ’14 levels or more?
Andrew Million: Okay. So I’m going to guide FY ’16 today. FY ’15 here it tends to follow non-GAAP pre-tax earnings, we do have two unusual items that we disclosed and it is in the prepared remarks. One is the computer vision, pension that is closing out this year, we don’t have a final estimate on the amount, but it’s roughly 45 million and the others of course the restructuring, which is in that 40 million range.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions].
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. Can I assume there is anybody else in the queue because it’s been more than an hour now and just to be respectable over an everybody’s time. If there is no other questions we should probably thank you all for participating. And we look forward to talking with you again in the next 90 days and hopefully we’ll have good solid report for you then as well. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that conclude today’s conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James Hillier -  James E. Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of National First Executive Advisory Board Jeffrey D. Glidden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew L. Williams - Evercore ISI, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the PTC's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce James Hillier, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
James Hillier: Thank you, Angela. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's first quarter fiscal 2015 earnings call. As a reminder, today's call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products, our anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumption of PTC's management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC's most recent Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial measures in today's call are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measures is located in the Q1 2015 press release and prepared remarks documents on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com. With us on the call this morning is Jim Heppelmann, PTC's President and CTO -- CEO; Jeff Glidden, our CFO; and Barry Cohen, our EVP of Strategy. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Heppelmann: Great. Thank you, James Hillier. Good morning to all of you, and thank you for joining us here this morning. The Q1 results that we announced yesterday evening represent solid execution, as revenue was above the high end of our guidance range and EPS landed in the upper part of our guidance range. But the results were actually better than the headlines would suggest. As reported, our overall results look relatively flat year-over-year. But as you know, there have been several important changes within our business and in the external environment around us that make direct year-over-year comparisons challenging. For starters, one needs to take into consideration how we're transitioning our business model and that the strong mix of subscription bookings that we reported last night strengthens the future but yields much lower reported revenue and EPS in current periods than we would get with perpetual transactions. Similarly, we have a strong foreign exchange headwind versus last year. On the plus side, we had a one-time tax benefit from the reinstated R&D tax credit for 2014. So to really understand how PTC's business is performing on an apples-to-apples basis, you have to account for it and, to a certain degree, look through these factors. If you normalize for foreign exchange rates, for subscription mix and for the one-time R&D tax credit benefit, then our first quarter 2015 results show a 12% year-over-year increase in license and subscription solutions revenue, driving an 8% year-over-year increase in total revenue and a more than 20% year-over-year increase in earnings per share. That view, which best represents how the business is performing in the marketplace, is fairly consistent with the type of results you've been seeing from PTC for some time now. Q1 was a solid performance in a macroeconomic environment that external indicators suggest remains soft on a global basis. I believe that the effect of foreign exchange is well understood, but I'd like to again review with you the effects of subscription mix because this is a significant new phenomenon affecting our reported results. In fiscal 2013, about 1% of our license bookings came in the form of subscriptions, with 99% being perpetual contracts. In fiscal 2014, about 8% of our bookings were subscription-based. For fiscal 2015, having now implemented a new program to more fully embrace this business model, we guided to a mix of 15% of our bookings being subscription-based. In the first quarter of 2015, about 19% of our actual new software in subscription bookings came in the form of ratably recognized subscription business. Keep in mind that when a booking comes in as a perpetual license, we recognize 100% of that booking upfront in the same quarter. But if that booking comes in a subscription, then we recognize almost none of it in the current period, though it certainly helps the future revenue and profit grow, and we will likely recognize a higher net present value over the future periods. So the higher the subscription mix, the lower the revenue and EPS we would report in that quarter. Relative to the 15% mix we guided to, the effect of the higher 19% mix of subscription bookings cost us about $3 million of license and subscription solutions revenue and about $0.02 of earnings per share in the quarter. Relative to the actual subscription mix of Q1 of last year, this 19% subscription mix cost us about $7 million of revenue and about $0.05 of earnings per share versus last year. Based on the higher-than-anticipated subscription mix we saw in Q1, we clearly experienced a good start to our new business model, and we were pleased to see customers accepting this business model, not only in a new IoT business but also asking for it in our core business of CAD, PLM, ALM, and SLM. Given that it's early on this journey, we think it will be hard to predict the exact mix of subscription that we'll see throughout Q2 and the balance of the year. So rather than trying to predict accurately, we plan to tell you our guidance assumptions and then provide the appropriate level of transparency as to the calculated impact of the actual mix on our reported results. In terms of geography performance, when we adjust for currency and subscription mix, we were pleased with Europe, Japan, and Asia Pac results but a bit disappointed by our North American results. Our North American results had a strong year-ago comparable and were affected somewhat by deal timing, as we delivered a strong Q4 in North America and have a strong pipeline for the balance of the year. When we look across our segments, while our Extended PLM business was relatively flat overall, we had a strong quarter in the core PLM business, including landing a substantial new account win at a major Japanese automotive company. You may have also noted that we announced the availability of a full PLM SaaS solution today -- or last night, which introduces new pricing and packaging for the SMB space that's designed to lubricate the ability of our resellers to take SaaS PLM downmarket. Our CAD results were soft versus a year ago compare but look better when factoring in FX and business model shifts. While our SLM results were soft in a way that was consistent with the last few quarters, we expect a pick up in the balance of the year, particularly the back half, because our new selling organization that was commissioned in early 2014 has had very good success building a strong pipeline. And as that pipeline is now maturing, we'll be in a better position to close it over the next few quarters and develop more pipeline as these sales cycles finally run their roughly 6-quarter sales cycle course. Our Internet of Things or IoT business had a very strong quarter, and while that business is not yet large overall, the bulk of our IoT business is license and subscription solutions revenue, and because of this, our IoT business is already beginning to represent a material part of our total license and subscription solutions revenue. But in the near term, market share in IoT is even more important than revenue. And our primary goal is to gain market share by winning IoT platform selection processes across a high percentage of companies that are beginning their IoT journey. We expect that any company that starts their IoT journey on our technology is likely to end up with their full strategy deployed in our technology. From the experience base we've accumulated thus far, this typically means a small initial subscription booking on the order of 30k or so in annual contract value as the customer sets out to validate both their technical and business strategy. Our experience with ThingWorx and Axeda then suggests that over the following 6 months, give or take a quarter, customers complete these test projects and gain confidence in the technology and in the value proposition, and then they circle back and typically would invest another 100k or so to scale the number of connected assets. We would then expect to receive several more expansion orders on a periodic basis over the course of the next 2 years as the company deploys this technology across their broader product portfolio. We expect medium-sized customers to reach a typical run rate of $0.5 million or more in annual contract value, with larger customers pushing into the $1 million-and-above annual range. We have seen this pattern repeat itself with both Axeda and ThingWorx, and I will note that we did process one large $1 million-plus deal in Q1 that stemmed from an earlier Axeda win that had now reached scale. You can see that winning new IoT logos now means that we're planting the seeds for an exciting growth business in future years. We shared with you in November our goal to land 200 new IoT accounts in fiscal 2015. We feel that, that would be a major market share grab. As you might guess, with many of our IoT sales resources having just been deployed on or after October 1, our quarterly goals naturally ramped throughout the year as we've had more time to execute sales cycles start to finish. But already in Q1, we landed 42 new IoT accounts, which surpassed our Q1 target. About 60 of those -- 60% of those accounts came from our new dedicated IoT sales force, with nearly a dozen coming from IoT partners and the balance coming from the strategic sales force calling on the existing customer base. We feel that this new logo metric is one of the most important metrics because, as these accounts grow and develop, they represent a significant revenue opportunity for PTC that will materialize over the next year or 2. What's perhaps even more exciting is the level of interest and activity that we're seeing in this business. Our influx of IoT leads, is at least an order of magnitude higher than we've traditionally seen in our other enterprise businesses. A number of those leads ultimately graduate into sales opportunities, and roughly speaking, we're currently tracking around 1,000 opportunities globally that could be worth $100 million in revenue. This is an early market, and there are lot of tire kickers, so I don't expect high close rates against that pipeline, but I believe we have the means and are on track to achieve the 200 new logos that we're targeting this year. That represents 100% growth in accounts above and beyond what we acquired from Axeda and ThingWorx. If that happens, then I think we'll be off to the races with our IoT business. We're also getting an increasing amount of recognition in the IoT space. Last quarter's HBR article has become somewhat of an IoT blueprint for many companies and has already led to prominent placements at IoT events in Beijing, Munich, Davos, an Investor Conference in New York City and, next week, with the Brookings Institute in D.C. We've had a lot of great coverage from major publications, including a nice piece in Forbes that claimed that PTC was the Internet of Things's best kept secret. Of course, we don't want that to be a secret, but the best way to end a secret is to shine a light on it, as Forbes did. At the Consumer Electronics Show in early January, despite PTC's primary focus on the B2B space, we won 3 prestigious awards for Best Enabling Technology, Best Application Platform and Best Enabling Company. Then last week, we were the big winner at the IoT awards sponsored by Postscapes, where we took home 6 of the top awards, including Best Platform; Best Partner and Ecosystem Builder; Best Acquisition; Must-Follow IoT company; IoT CEO of the year, which was my favorite; and finally, runner-up for IoT Event of the year for our LiveWorx event. Incidentally, you're all invited to join us for that event, which will be held in Boston from May 4 to 7. Details about the LiveWorx event are available on our website, and you can find information about these 9 recent IoT awards across 2 different press releases that we've put out in last 2 weeks. All of the awards, leads, opportunities and new logos seem to confirm what one investor suggested to me recently, which is that PTC is beginning to gain recognition as the largest IoT pure-play. Certainly, we've always been a things company as we were helping customers to create things. But now we can help companies to engineer and manufacture things, connect them to the Internet, monitor and operate them remotely and keep them up and running and efficiently serviced. That puts PTC at ground zero of what the Internet of Things is all about. Looking forward now to the balance of FY '15, we have a lot of momentum in the business and, on balance, feel good about the progress we're making on many fronts. We're creating value by embracing subscription and transitioning the way we do business. And we're creating additional value by transitioning the very nature of our business as we move aggressively into an IoT-leadership position. We expect, however, that we'll continue to encount major headwinds in our reported results due to a combination of currency exchange rates and our evolving business model. We've adjusted our guidance for Q2 in FY '15, based primarily on the currency exchange rate. I expect, however, that if you look through these factors, you'll agree with us that we're on track to have a strong year. I'm happy to welcome our new CFO, Andrew Miller, to PTC. Andrew will be starting the week after next and brings some great growth experience to our company. Andrew is coming to us from Cepheid, a medical device company, but has good insight into our industry [indiscernible] at Autodesk and Cadence and the software industry. Andrew has a great track record driving growth and expanding profitability as well as successful experiencing -- experience helping drive the transition to a subscription-oriented business model, such as we are doing. Most importantly, Andrew has a strong track record helping companies similar to PTC to drive substantial shareholder value. I couldn't be more pleased with Andrew's decision to join PTC, and I look forward to introducing him at the next earnings call. Which brings us to Jeff Glidden. Jeff will be around in the background for a while yet while we're working our way through the transition, but this might be the last time many of you hear Jeff representing PTC on an earnings call. So once again, I want to publicly thank Jeff for his significant contribution to PTC. Since the day Jeff joined us in 2010, our operating margins have expanded by 10 percentage points, our revenue has increased by 35%, and our market cap has increased by 75% at today's prices. Those are great metrics, and I want to acknowledge and thank Jeff because his financial leadership contributed greatly to this level of success. Finally, I'd like to welcome Charlie Ungashick, our new Chief Marketing Officer. Like Andrew Miller, Charlie brings important experience to PTC that will help us to drive growth with a fresh new go-to-market approach that includes a bigger role for marketing and inside sales, particularly in our IoT business. This is the perfect combination to help us capture the substantial new opportunities that we're presented with. With that, I'm going to turn it over to our CFO of record as of today, Jeff Glidden.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Thank you, Jim. We've had a very busy and productive quarter and are pleased with our results. As Jim just discussed much of our performance for the first quarter, I will make a few additional comments and then provide a summary of our guidance for FY '15 and Q2. An additional highlight for the quarter was the performance of our support business, which increased 7% to $182 million and was up 11% on a constant-currency basis. Renewal rates remained strong, and we now have more than $2 million active seats under support. You will also note that our deferred revenue balance in the first quarter increased sequentially by $15 million to $398 million. This increase is attributable to continued strong support in our traditional support business, which also benefited by the additional billing days in the first quarter, which ended on January 3, coupled with growth in our new subscription solutions. For Q1 FY '15, our ratable revenue streams, subscription solutions and support revenues represented approximately 60% of total revenue as compared to 53% in Q1 of FY '14. Clearly, the growth in our referring subscription and support revenue streams represent very positive trends in our business and will drive cash and cash flow in subsequent quarters. We continue to make investments to grow our business. And while our current quarter expenses increased year-over-year, they were down sequentially from Q4, as we continued to integrate acquisitions and rationalize our expense base. During Q4 -- Q1, we had some unfavorable mix that cost us about 100 basis points on margin; we had some one-time expenses that generally occur in Q1, like our sales kick-off meetings; and we were also looking for the full impact of our restructuring that was initiated in Q4 to be completed in Q2. So as we look ahead to Q2, we would expect our expense base to be flat to slightly down from the Q1 expense levels. In our prior outlook for fiscal '15, we had estimated our full year tax rate to be approximately 18%. We now expect the full year tax rate to be 15%. This favorable tax outlook is based upon our estimated mix of business and profit by region, coupled with the reenactment of the U.S. R&D tax credit retroactively for calendar '14. This tax credit was recorded as a discrete item in our first fiscal quarter of '15 and contributed to our favorable non-GAAP tax rate of 11.4%. Turning now to our guidance for FY '15. We continue to be impacted by a strengthening U.S. dollar. Our current guidance assumes the U.S. dollar-to-euro rate of 1.14 and the yen-to-U.S. dollar rate of 118. When compared to our previous currency guidance, these current rates have the effect of reducing our FY '15 outlook by an additional $35 million and reducing our EPS by $0.10. When compared to FY '14 FX rates, the full year unfavorable swing in currency reduces our FY '15 revenue by approximately $85 million and our EPS by $0.25. Today, we are updating our full year guidance to be $1 billion -- on revenue to be $1,320,000,000 to $1,350,000,000 and our EPS guidance to be $2.20 to $2.35. On a constant-currency basis, this guidance would represent revenue growth of approximately 5% year-over-year and EPS growth of 15%. For Q2 FY '15, we expect revenue to be $305 million to $320 million and EPS to be in the range of $0.42 to $0.50. We have also indicated that we expect approximately 15% of our new bookings to come into subscriptions. It is important to note that, if a greater percentage of our new business is booked to subscription during the quarter, the majority of the related new billings would be deferred. This would reduce revenue recognized in the current period, and most of these billings would be included in deferred revenues at the end of the quarter. And as a final comment on our Q2 guidance, the current unfavorable FX rates have the effect of reducing our current revenue outlook, provided above, by approximately $10 million and our EPS by $0.03 when compared to the previous currency assumptions. Despite currency headwinds and macroeconomic uncertainty, we continue to deliver increasing value to a large and expanding customer base. And as Jim said, Andy Miller will be joining us in February. I look forward to a smooth transition of my responsibilities to our new CFO during the quarter. I have very much enjoyed working with Jim Heppelmann and the PTC team. And to all of you on the call with us today, I thank you for your support, your coaching and, at times, your challenging inputs and ideas. Together, we have built a better business. With that, I will now turn the call over to James Hillier.
James Hillier: Thank you, Jeff. Angela, can you please give the instructions to begin the Q&A process?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays Capital.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division: First on margins, Jeff. I think you came in at about 21%, which is lower than what you'd guided despite what looked like a much healthier top line, and I think you said an unfavorable mix cost about 100 basis points. I'm sure FX also had something to do with it. So can you just maybe help us bridge the 21% that you reported to the 22% to 23% that you guided to?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. Thank you, Saket, and thanks for the questions. Unfavorable mix, as I said earlier, was approximately 100 basis points or 1 percentage point. I would say the one-time expenses that are incurred in Q1, we had some additional expenses in the quarter above our original guidance. That cost us about 1 percentage point. And again, the full year impact of the restructuring that we took in Q4, a good portion of that was realized in Q1, with the full impact being realized in Q2. So I think that generally bridges that. I think if you look at our full year guidance, Saket, we're still really targeting, on a constant-currency basis, 26% operating margins. And if you look at the currency effect on the full year, it's about 1.5 percentage points from currency.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And then that's a great bridge into my second question, which is sort of that path to that 28% to 30% target in fiscal '17. With this year's target going down to 24%, how should we think about the expansion through 2017? Do you think it's going to be gradual, like maybe what we were expecting? Or do you think this is going to be a little bit more weighted closer to 2017?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay. So let me comment first on the guidance for this year or the outlook. Let's call it, today, we're guiding about 24.5%. Again, on a constant-currency basis, that would be 26%. So if we normalize for currency, because I can't predict what it will be in 2015, '16, '17 or '18, I think if you look at our bridge in terms of our goals and objectives, we're looking for about half of the expansion, let's call it 4 percentage points, about half of that to be in gross margin and about half of that to be leverage in operating expenses. And that story continues to be absolutely true, and we're committed to delivering that. I think you understand well the mix on -- of support business. We're continuing to build that partner ecosystem, drive the profitability of support, and I think we're very confident that, in a constant-currency basis, we can deliver comfortably 200-plus points on expansion on gross margin. And the rest is really leverage and operating margin, which is a combination of -- by the way, we're making additional investments both in sales and in R&D this year that will give us benefits next year. And as the productivity of the sales teams continue to increase and the new products flow through in R&D, we'd expect to see that leverage generally of another 200 basis points pickup in operating expense. And I think the timing, if it's on a constant-currency basis, I think it occurs -- as we've done each year, we're targeting essentially, I'll call it, 100 basis points to 150 basis points a year, and we'd be achieving that were it not for currency this year.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, and maybe I can preempt a series of questions sort of related to "What are you going to do about currency?" because I think that's the big new variable since the last time we talked to you. None of us, 90 days ago, thought we'd be looking at the situation exactly as we are today. So I do think, from a PTC perspective, we need to process this and say, "Is, in fact, this the new normal?" or maybe, "What is the new normal? And how will we adjust to it?" And I think, if you look at our business in Europe, we probably have to make some adjustments if we accept a new normal in this range. One thing we might do is look to raise prices because our software is underpriced at today's exchange rates. Maybe we'd raise prices in maintenance or in software prices. I'm not sure what, but I think we have to look at that. And the second thing I think we'd have to do is look at our cost structure and say, maybe, given that is a new normal, we need to look at the dollars we're investing in different parts of the business and trim that back a little bit. So I think a lot of this has happened very recently, and we haven't determined what is the new normal. And to be frank, we haven't determined exactly how we'll react to it. But I think if we accept that this is a new normal, then we will, in fact, react to it in ways generally aligned with what I just described.
Operator: Next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: It seems like the transition to subscription is happening faster than you expected here. And I guess I'm wondering, outside of IoT, where are some of the biggest areas of interest in subscription sales, maybe from legacy products? And maybe as a follow-up, how lumpy should we expect the bookings on subscription to be, given you just did 19% and you expect it to be 15% for the year?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Matt, I want to take a first shot at that, if I could. If you remember, I said, 2 years ago, we had 1% subscription; 1 year ago, we had 8%; and this year, we're guiding to 15%. Well, 1 year ago, we didn't really have IoT, and it had already gone from 1% to 8% in our core business. So I think, really, there's 2 reasons why it became prudent for PTC to implement a subscription model: one is we have this new IoT business that is subscription, and we don't want to take it back to perpetual, but we need a way to provide appropriate reporting and transparency; and then the second reason is that our core business actually is moving towards subscription anyway, and I'm not sure we could or should try to prevent that. So I think in the quarter, really, the 19% was a combination of most of the IoT business coming in subscription and then a good chunk of the subscription revenue coming from the core business. There were a number of, let's say, good-sized deals, maybe even 1 large deal. We didn't have any mega deals, as you know, but a number of deals where the customer said, "Given the choice, I'm going to take subscription because I've been asking for that for years, and now that you finally offer it as an alternative, let's do it that way." So I think that we're going to see the core business also adopt subscription. I think we have been seeing the core business adopt subscription. Because the core business is lumpy, as a big transaction goes subscription versus perpetual, it will introduce that lumpiness into our bookings until such time as the IoT business gets bigger and bigger and -- anyway, that's my 2 cents on it. Jeff, I don't know if there's anything quantitive you want to add to that.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I think that's very consistent. And again, as the -- if it -- the mix shifts, we'll be very transparent about highlighting what that impact was, Matt.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then you made comment on the SLM business, which was down in the quarter. It sounds like you're expecting the sales force maturation there to help that business. But I'm curious, was there -- is there a bit of macro as well going on there? Or is it -- it should just be sales productivity that turns that business around?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I think it's really sales productivity because, in fact, we have quite a strong pipeline now, and the growth rate of the pipeline has been increasing -- not increasing, but has -- the growth rate has been strong, and therefore, the pipeline has been increasing quarter-on-quarter now for a number of quarters in a row. So we're getting to the point where we need to go close that pipeline, and if we do, then the business would respond and the productivity metrics would respond and so forth. So I feel like, if you look at what's happening with the pipeline, it's a pretty good story. If you look at the results of last quarter and then you compare that to the quarter before and the quarter before, it's -- it didn't really change yet, last quarter, but I'm confident that we're going to see a tick-up as revenue follows a maturing pipeline in the back half of the year.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then -- and maybe if I could just squeeze in one last one. It sounds like you plan to invest in sort of strategic customer-service projects. It sounds like that could put some pressure on margins -- service margins here. I'm wondering if you can give us a sense -- a bit more color on what some of these investments are and the benefits you'd expect there.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean -- let's be clear, we're not investing in services, per se. Sometimes, for example, when we take new technology to a strategic customer, we invest a little bit to make sure that our technology works as we expect that it should in that kind of an environment. We actually did talk about this last quarter. So this is not a new phenomenon. It's another quarter of a phenomenon that we first talked about last quarter. We're not investing in services. We're not investing in our services business unit, per se. We're investing in the customer, sometimes with services, sometimes actually with R&D work that gets accounted for as services. So I think you need to look at it that way, that we're investing in strategic projects that will become proof points that we'll use for the rest of the market, but that investment gets accounted for by the accounting department as services expense versus, say, R&D expense, and then it ends up showing up this way in the P&L, and then we end up having this conversation.
Operator: Next question comes from Matt Williams with Evercore Partners.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Just maybe 2 quick ones for me. On the product standpoint, you've got the launch of the PLM cloud. Two questions on that. #1, sort of how are you working with the channel to sort of make sure that, that offering sort of gets in front of the SMB customers that maybe traditionally haven't been a key focus of yours? Just a little bit more color on sort of how you're dealing with the channel there. And then sort of beyond that, now that PLM cloud is out there, are there any other offerings or products that seem to be a good fit for this type of offering?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Matt, and those are good questions I'd like to spend a minute on. So let me be clear what we had before and then what we've introduced now. So for some -- I don't know, probably more than a year now since we acquired this hosting company...
Unknown Executive: NetIDEAS.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, NetIDEAS. It's PTC now. We've offered cloud services. So we go to a customer, and we say, "You can buy the software. You can buy it subscription or perpetual, and then you can either take an on-premise delivery and we'll ship it to you or you can place a second order for cloud services and we'll host it for you." And for the larger accounts, that's the right way to do it. For the channel accounts, we run into a couple of problems. That's a complex conversation. They typically want different packaging and pricing than the large accounts would work. We, on our side, if we're going to do small accounts, we need a multi-tenant type of approach and so forth. So what we're really saying here, this is a [indiscernible] on a multi-tenant architecture that we can offer in a simpler form at more attractive price points but still have the operational efficiencies to run a good profitable business for us and for our reseller partners. So I think it's kind of a win, win, win, a better configuration for the customer, a better configuration for the reseller partner and a better configuration for PTC to be profitable with in that space. So it's really pricing, packaging, some technology and then a new go-to-market approach that the resellers are quite happy about.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. That's helpful. And then maybe just a quick follow-up on the SLM side of the business. Obviously, it's been a little bit, I guess, sort of choppier than maybe you or us were expecting. But given the sort of natural linkage between SLM and IoT, are you getting any sense from your customers that they're maybe sort of pushing or postponing some SLM decisions until the IoT offerings in the SLM portfolio are a little bit more, I guess, better linked up and sort of beyond that? Could you give us an update on how you're processing or how far along you are on the IoT integration with some of the other offerings?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So first of all, you're right to say that many SLM conversations turn into IoT conversations because that story is very, very compelling. In fact, I've said many times here that SLM is the killer app for IoT, and I have generally brought agreement from people on that point. So I do think there is a bit of a distraction factor, that a company that we were working an SLM campaign with actually says, "Well, that's very compelling. Tell me more about IoT." And now we're a bit off on an IoT discussion that will loop back to the SLM discussion we were having. The integration is not yet in the market. We're going to make some announcements on that in the next quarter or maybe 2. But I think that it's a good thing that SLM and IoT get mixed together, but yes, it is probably a factor that distracts some SLM prospects into becoming IoT prospects first and so forth. But like I said, I don't think that's ultimately bad in the long run. It's probably not helpful in the short term.
Operator: Next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jeff, for you first on guidance for the year. If we take the midpoints of the second quarter and fiscal revenue forecast, it looks like you're anticipating that the second half revenues would be about $60 million above the first half revenues, again, at the midpoints. That compares with the first half to second half of '13 difference of up $26 million. And then last year, first half to second half was up $50 million. So particularly with the currency headwinds and the revenue shifting from the model, could you talk about the components of why the first half, second half increment would be more than the last couple of years?
James E. Heppelmann: So I'm actually going to take it. Jay, so I mean, I think when we put those kind of guidance and forecasts out there, we're looking at a number of data points, but the most important 2 is what is our pipeline telling us and what are our sales executives telling us. And I think both our pipeline and our sales executives are telling us that this year will be a little bit more back-end loaded than last year. And you're right that last year was substantially more back-end loaded than the year that proceeded it. So I mean, we're operating with that data. You know that we adjust our forecasts for currency all the time. So even when we look at our forecast adjustment for currency, that's what we see. So I think we're guiding according to the data we have in front of us, having already adjusted it for currency.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Longer-term question has to do with the correlation of the capital-allocation strategy that you announced last summer and the business model change -- or that is to say the manageability of the business model change. And what I mean is your capital allocation strategy implies a certain amount of cash flow over the next number of years to sustain the share repurchases that you've committed to making, and that, in turn, in order to get to that kind of cash flow, would seem to require a certain amount of substantial growth of deferred, which ties back to the model change. But could you talk about the manageability of that model percentage, in other words, the faster you go to subscriptions, of course, the more hits you take upfront -- to upfront revenues and near-term earnings. So is this, in fact, a manageable shift in terms of how you're thinking about near-term profitability versus longer-term cash flow needs?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. So Jay, this is Jeff. The model that we set out was a multiyear 40% return of -- really from free cash flow to repurchase shares. So that model, I think, is intact. We've done very well. We did complete the ASI that we'd targeted or announced in August. That was completed in Q1. So I think we're -- and we'll continue to buy additional shares this year. So I think we're on track. And again, that will move, to some extent, based on the 40% of free cash flow. So I think that's -- model is intact and we'll continue to execute against that. I think when you look at the timing of cash flows, you see the billed and deferred, which represents cash flow, not in the current quarter but in the next quarter and the subsequent quarters. So I think while there may be a slight deferral of cash flow from the business model shift, in the near term, that generates incremental and more cash longer term over the life of that subscription program. So I think, just consider it as we're committed to it. It's intact. We've delivered against it so far. We're now -- you've seen the benefit. We ended this quarter at 117 million shares, down from 121 million. I think our outlook for the full year is to get to 116 million, as we have already taken a big bite out of it this year, and we'll continue that process. I think our target and expectation at the 40% was to take that down to about 112 million shares over the next several years.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: All right. Lastly, if I could just squeeze in [ph] a few questions for Jim. You gave us what is essentially a rough equivalent between logos and revenue in terms of adding logos and, therefore, a certain amount of revenue [ph]. Is there a way to think about that in terms of volume or mix as well? In other words, for every million or bazillion IoT devices, is there some way to work that back into revenues? Or is it really just a logo-driven metric?
James E. Heppelmann: Well, it is relatively straightforward, and I did try to lay out, Jay, a bridge from logos to revenue, a loose bridge. It's get a little bit harder on assets because, in fact, revenue does scale with assets. But toothbrushes and jet engines are different things, and the revenue per asset is quite differently. So without getting into a mix of how many high-end assets, mid-range assets, low-end assets would you be talking about, it's hard to back-solve to a number of connected assets. But clearly, it is all based on the growth of connected assets. I think, though, if I reflect, maybe just to add some color, if I reflect on the 42 logos that we did land in the quarter, well more than half of them were substantial large companies making substantial large B2B-type assets. And then secondarily, a large majority of them were not existing large PTC accounts. They either weren't PTC accounts at all or they were PTC accounts to the extent that we have a minority position in them or an insignificant position. So I think that what's interesting is this story is appealing to the base and appealing very well outside the base. So that helps us to definitely expand our addressable market, and I think it's expanding, on one hand, to startup companies who are trying to do smart cattle management, but on the other hand, large industrial companies who are making assets that last for 20 or 30 years and would like to get a lot smarter in how those assets are operated and serviced and get more utilization and optimization out of them and so forth.
Operator: Next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So I actually wanted to circle back to Jay's question on kind of the first half, second half. I know this isn't the bulk of it, but isn't a contributing factor you're shifting more of your bookings to subscription? You don't get any benefit in the current quarter, but that starts to layer in, in the following quarter. So this quarter's bookings and subscriptions start to benefit June revenue. As the ball starts to get rolling, that's going to contribute to that SKU as well.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I don't know if you can quantify that, Jeff, but I would agree with that.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, it certainly is a substantial factor. I mean, if you look at the seasonality, and we always do look at this, we have a back-ended, typically, back half of the year, but I think the points you're making are, while we're deferring some revenue out of the Q1 and Q2 right now, that starts to build in Q3 and Q4. And I think, historically, we've kind of been first half, second half in generally 45%, 55%. In some cases, it's been 42%, 58% of the year, and I think what you're describing is essentially the way it will build both in terms of, I think, the pipeline build but also the revenue recognition of deferrals, now recognizing and building revenue into the back half of the year from that.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then on the subscription side, can you give us a sense of what is the average term length that customers are choosing in that 19% of bookings?
James E. Heppelmann: I don't have that in front of me. We have focused ourselves on annualized contract value, which makes the term length a little unimportant to us. I think we're not doing many deals under a year. Maybe some IoT pilot projects would fit that. I know that we're doing a number of 1- and multi-year contracts. So I'm quite sure that the...
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, I don't have an average, but I think it does range from pilots, but the majority would be 1 and 2 years. There were some that are longer than that.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Certainly, on a weighted basis, the contract length would be well more than a year. But because we've focused on this annualized contract value, to be frank, we haven't focused that much on the average time duration of the total contract value.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood. And you talked about the lumpiness in terms of the bookings and subscription, but could you maybe characterize, when you look across the pipeline, what percentage of the pipeline is considering it? So in other words, there's going to be some that might choose to go that way, might choose not to. But just to give us a sense, what would you say the percentage of the pipeline that are at least thinking about it?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, I think right now, we feel that the 15% we've guided to, 15% of bookings, is right, looking at the pipeline. But what can happen is a customer who's [indiscernible] perpetual deal, late in the game, could say, "Hey, maybe I should take this as subscription." That's a bit hard to predict, and we wouldn't stop it from happening either. So that's why it's hard to predict. But I think we looked at the 19% in Q1 and said, "Should we adjust our guidance range for the rest of the year, maybe up to 20%?" We looked at the pipeline and the forecast and said, "No, I think 15% is the right number for Q2, 3 and 4, so far as we currently understand. But of course, the fact that Q1 came in at 19% will, in fact, average up the course of the year if the rest of the quarters come in at 15%." So we're pretty early into this. It takes, actually, 2 data points to make for a trend, and we still only have 1. So bear with us.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, no, understood. Last question there is the question about kind of the seasonality in terms of the margins. I think, Jeff, you mentioned Q2 would actually be down in terms of expense dollars. But as we look at the -- in the context of the full year guidance, could actual total expense dollars decline further as we go through the year as we think about the roll-off of FICA, et cetera? Or what should we think about the seasonality there?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So we're really reassessing that right now in this -- in the context of where we see the forecast and the currencies. But I would say, right now, I'd expect expenses to be flat to slightly down in Q2 and then largely to be similar going forward for Q3 and Q4, with some caveats that we might further reduce that as we look at the outlooks in Q3 and Q4. But...
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. And of course, there's some things like commissions that naturally scale the...
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Right. Yes, commissions would go up, so the underlying expense levels -- as I said, we complete the implementation of the restructuring from Q4 that has heavily impacted positively in Q1, and then it's completed in Q2 as well.
James E. Heppelmann: I think it's safe to say that, barring an acquisition, headcount is more likely to be flat to down than it is to be up.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. Yes.
Operator: Last question comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I've got a number of questions on the metrics I'll save for a callback, so maybe 2 questions here. One is on the IoT business. So when you bought them, they were engaged in a lot of different kinds of opportunities. And clearly, your strategic focus is field-service related. Can you talk a little bit about -- I know it's very early days, but what portion of the new deals you're bringing in are field-service related? And how do you expect this to trend?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Steve, maybe I'll take that one. I think let's talk for a minute about our coverage model. We have 370 sellers, roughly. I think it was 366...
Jeffrey D. Glidden: 366.
James E. Heppelmann: 366, okay. Let's call it 370. About 70 of those sell only IoT stuff, and the other 300, for the most part, also sell IoT stuff, but also as -- in addition to everything else they're selling. So I don't want to say it's field-service based. I'd really say it's more about connected products, where the use cases would be feedback loops to engineering, feedback loops to the remote operation and optimization of the product and feedback loops to service, specifically the field service piece. So -- but let's call that smart-connected product. So the 300 people are mostly selling to manufacturing companies who make things and want to connect those things to inform the making, the operating and the servicing of those things. The other 70 people can go wherever they want. They can go to companies who make things, a manufacturing company. They could go to companies who operate things, an energy company, a utility company, an airline that doesn't make anything, but they sure operate a lot of things and maybe service them as well. And they could go call on companies doing smart cities, smart farms, smart all kinds of stuff. So the 70 people have a broad sweep, and the 300 people really are in manufacturing. So clearly, we're weighted toward companies that make things, but not totally because the 70 people only sell IoT, and therefore they're much more focused on it. So I think, right now, we have a broad spread across the companies who make things, the companies who operate things and the companies who are building smart systems. I think that, clearly, PTC has the ability, with our footprint in the marketplace, our reputation and our complementary product suites, to do very well with companies that make and service B2B-type products that have long life cycles and so forth. So I'm sure we'll do well there, but in the meantime, we have a platform that scales well beyond that, and the 70 people are out there trying to make that platform the leading platform. And like I said, we're winning a lot of awards for it. So it's getting some recognition as -- if you're building turbines, that's the platform, but if you're trying to build smart cities or smart farms, that maybe is the platform too. So anyway, we're making good progress, and we're a little reluctant to narrow any earlier than we need to because the broader this play is, the more interesting it gets as it starts to work.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Yes. That makes sense. And if I could ask one follow-up, I just want to take a different angle on the fiscal '15 guide, which is intact constant currency despite more -- some weakening in macro data points and durable goods and PMIs, et cetera. The question is, does this introduce more risk? And if not, how should we think about -- what are the offsets incrementally to the incremental weakness we've been seeing in the macro over the last few months? What are the offsets? What are -- what's causing you to keep that guide intact?
James E. Heppelmann: Well, I think, first of all, the momentum in IoT, which I think is largely unaffected by PMI and macro and all the rest of that stuff. When you hutch -- hitch your wagon to a really hot trend, those hot trends continue in good times and in bad. The second thing, the service element of it, I've always felt that our service strategy, SLM, is and should be counter-cyclic or acyclic. So I feel like the pipeline we have in service is really about helping companies save money not making things, and if they're fearful about their ability to sell things, they stop making them and focus on servicing them. So I sort of feel like SLM should be acyclic or counter-cyclic, and I'm quite certain that IoT is acyclic. And to the point that I think Sterling made, if you look at the bookings we processed in Q1 but didn't recognize in Q1, they're going to add a couple of million to each of Q2, 3 and 4. And then if you look at the bookings we're going to process but not recognize in Q2, that's going to add even more to Q3 and Q4. And then the bookings we process in Q3 will add even more in Q4. So by the time you get to Q4, you get the revenue we did perpetually in Q4, plus the roll-forward of all the bookings from Qs 1, 2, 3 and actually prior periods as well. So I think that's a little bit how we can feel confident, even in the macro environment, about where the business is headed.
James Hillier: Thanks, Steve. Thank you, everyone. Jim, would you like to make some closing comments?
James E. Heppelmann: Well, just thank you all. Another great set of questions. I appreciate all your insights and confidence you have in our business. Clearly, this foreign exchange thing is a headwind. We wish that situation weren't out there. It is. In the near term, it will slow us down. I do think we're going to sit back and ask ourselves what is the new normal and how do we react to that, and we're going to stay committed. Even if we're slowed down a little bit in the short term, we're going to stay committed to our long-term objectives of growing the revenue and growing the operating margin and, together with that, delivering 15% earnings growth. If you take away the headwinds, we actually surpassed the 15% earnings growth in terms of the core businesses this past quarter. It's just, by the time we get to reporting that, factor in FX, factor in business model, it doesn't look that way. But we're going to keep working hard. We've had this train working well now for about 5 years in a row. We're not going to stop here. We're going to push on and adjust if we have to, to the FX situation and stay committed to our goals around margin and EPS expansion and so forth. So anyway, thank you all. And again, one more time, thanks to Jeff for all he's added here. And I'm looking forward, actually, to introduce Andrew Miller because I think he is equally as strong as Jeff, brings some different experiences as well. I think he's going to be a great fit and you're going to like him, and I know I already do. So thank you all very much, and look forward to talking to you in 90 days, if not sooner.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James Hillier -  James E. Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of National First Executive Advisory Board and Director Jeffrey D. Glidden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Matthew L. Williams - Evercore ISI, Research Division Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to PTC's Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Mr. James Hillier, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
James Hillier: Thank you, Deborah. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's fourth quarter fiscal 2014 earnings call. As a reminder, today's call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products, our anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumptions of PTC's management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC's most recent Form 10-K and 10-Q on file with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial measures in today's call are non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and their comparable GAAP measures is located in the Q4 2014 press release and prepared remarks documents on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com. With us on the call this morning is Jim Heppelmann, our President and CEO; and Jeff Glidden, our CFO. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Heppelmann: Thank you, James Hillier. Good morning to all of you, and thank you for carving time out of your day to join us on our fiscal 2014 Q4 earnings call this morning. There's a lot to talk about as we wrap up 2014 and transition into fiscal 2015. It will be hard to squeeze it all into this one call. So I'd like to start off by reminding you that we have our Investor Day scheduled for November 13, 1 week from today, at the NASDAQ MarketSite in New York. So we'll introduce a few new topics today, and we'll plan to go much deeper into these topics at the event next week. We were pleased to see our fiscal 2014 end on such a strong note. Our fourth quarter results exceeded the high end of our guidance ranges for license revenue, total revenue and earnings per share, which, in turn, allowed us to deliver a solid full year fiscal 2014 result and also exceeded our expectations for license total revenue and EPS. Having achieved our 20% EPS growth goal for a fifth consecutive year, I think we can put 2014 into the win column. Our performance against this aggressive goal has created a lot of believers, both inside and outside the company, as we've driven our EPS from $0.80 per share in 2009 to $2.17 per share in 2014. On a geographic basis, the fourth quarter mirrored the full year results. We saw solid growth in the U.S. and in Europe. In Japan, we had modest growth at constant currency but saw that growth dissipate as a result of currency movements. Our Asia Pac business continued the recent trend of disappointing performance, particularly in China, where the economic and political situation continues to be a strong headwind for us. Our core CAD and Extended PLM businesses have rebounded well for both the fourth quarter and for the full year, in each case increasing their growth rate by about 10 percentage points over 2013. Our SLM business posted disappointing results for the quarter and for the year as we worked our way through a pipeline rebuilding effort following the Servigistics acquisition. As we exit 2014, however, the SLM pipeline is strong, and we're anticipating a solid uptick in the performance of that business as we go into 2015. If I were to separate our IoT business, Internet of Things business, from SLM, the IoT business would not have a comparable in fiscal 2013, but I can tell you that the ThingWorx and Axeda companies that we have acquired have both grown considerably versus their own year ago comps, and we expect to build on this momentum at PTC. The numbers are not yet large, and the partial year results didn't have much effect at all on PTC's 2014 results. But a complete year, coupled with the growth rates we've been seeing, means that this contribution will grow quickly and begin to move the needle a bit already in 2015 and increasingly more so as we move further out into 2016, 2017 and 2018. We believe that the strategic moves we made since 2009, and especially those we made in 2014, give us a tremendous opportunity to create a new era of growth at PTC. The Internet of Things is the #1 topic of interest right now in the field of information technology, and PTC has a legitimate opportunity not only to play in this market, but to emerge as a bona fide leader. And it isn't just an interesting adjacent market for us. I truly believe it will redefine what CAD, PLM, ALM and SLM are all about. At PTC, after spending more than 2 decades helping customers create physical products with CAD and PLM, over the last 5 years, we've been helping our customers expand into smart products with ALM and to optimize their aftersales service business with SLM. The Internet of Things is really about connecting these smart products to the Internet to create feedback loops that inform not only the owner or operator but the engineers who created the products, the service department who needs to keep them up and running, and the sales and marketing department who want to optimize their relationship with the customer. The power of smart connected products to transform the way the products are created, operated and serviced is spelled out in some detail in the cover story of the November 2014 issue of Harvard Business Review, which was coauthored by Professor Michael Porter and myself. I encourage you to take a look, as it will provide tremendous insight into how PTC is thinking about this opportunity. As the existence of the article itself might imply, I've invested a tremendous amount of personal energy into understanding this phenomenon. And long ago, I came to realize that the products our customers manufacture are the things on the Internet of Things, and that our industry can't really do justice to the term life cycle management of these things without enabling and then leveraging these powerful feedback loops. So the Internet of Things is not just an interesting new business opportunity to pursue. It's also an opportunity to dramatically improve the capabilities, value proposition and differentiation of our CAD, PLM, ALM and SLM offerings. We will show some exciting evidence of what I'm talking about at our investor event next week. As our sales kicked off last month, I witnessed an incredible buzz because our sales teams in the field are realizing how exciting it is to talk to customers and prospects about smart products, connectivity and then optimizing their service offerings and business models. This message really resonates, and we tend to find ourselves in the corner office relatively quickly. And this conversation takes us to a different world, where our traditional competitors cease to be relevant because they simply don't have this solution set. Because we see so much opportunity to both upsell existing accounts and to penetrate new accounts, we're dedicating a segment of our sales force to pursuing new IoT opportunities in 2015. This sales segment will focus primarily on landing new logos with IoT outside our current customer base. As we land these new logos, we'll work to expand our position by introducing SLM, which is really the killer app for IoT, as well as ALM, PLM and even CAD technologies over time. This strategy is an extension of what we did very successfully last year when we segmented our sales group into full product line sellers, product development sellers and service sellers. Bob Ranaldi, our EVP of Sales, will cover this during his presentation at Investor Day next week. Between the various segments of the sales force who are either landing or cross-selling IoT solutions, we expect that by the end of 2015, we'll have approximately 400 IoT accounts, which is roughly double the current level, and $40 million to $50 million of run rate IoT revenue. That will give PTC a strong claim to IoT leadership. The success that we're having with IoT is a catalyst that's causing us to accelerate the evolution of our business model and to adopt subscription at a faster rate. Obviously, our support revenue is slightly more than half of our total revenue already, and that is subscription-based. But of the roughly 30% of our revenue that's historically been classified as license, the amount that is subscription is increasing quickly. In 2013, about 4% of our license revenue was term- or subscription-based and recognized ratably. In 2014, about 8% of our license revenue was term- or subscription-based. And in 2015, we're projecting that about 15% of our total license and subscription services business will be subscription-based, whereas 85% will be perpetual. So you can probably see why we need to begin to disclose the size of this very valuable revenue stream. You will see good detail about it in our Q1 earnings release in about 90 days. There are a few key factors that are driving this rapidly expanding subscription business. First, our IoT business is built around the acquired ThingWorx and Axeda businesses that are already subscription-based, because that is the model these companies deployed from their inception, but our research with customers shows considerable interest in subscription pricing beyond that. Our customers like the flexibility of being able to reconfigure what they use on a periodic basis. They like the ability to draw from their OpEx budgets, which the buyers directly control, rather than from their CapEx budgets, which they frequently must share control. And of course, smaller companies like the opportunity to get started with less upfront capital needs. In many cases, they not only want subscription licenses, but they want cloud services as well to have a full SaaS type of engagement. Customers have definitely shown so far that they're willing to pay a premium price to gain these extra advantages. Obviously, this rapidly expanding subscription business has the effect of pushing more revenue into the future, which adds pressure to near-term revenue and profitability. At the same time, these subscription contracts have a substantially higher net present value to PTC. The guidance numbers we've shared in the press release and in the prepared comments already contemplate that 85% of our license and subscription solutions business will be booked on a perpetual basis in 2015, with subscription being the balance. But of course, if the subscription part of the mix were to come in even higher, it would impact those numbers to a degree, yet it would bode well for the long-term health of the business. Please do keep in mind that in addition to the revenue that we report in the license and subscription solutions line of business, we would expect to end the year with a meaningful amount of additional bookings, whose revenue will be recognized in future periods. We will disclose and report this information each quarter so that you can fully appreciate its value, but we're not planning, at this point in time, to guide to it. With respect to having a hybrid model, our position in 2015 is that we'll offer a premium-price subscription model as an option to our customers who've traditionally done perpetual business with us, but we will not actively push the business yet in that direction. We'll hold the compensation roughly neutral for our sales force so that the customer preference shows through. Naturally, with more data, we may recalibrate our position with respect to the attractiveness of this model to our customers as we get through 2015 and beyond. Looking forward to 2015, we feel that we have a great plan. If you were to think about it at constant currency, we're guiding to what would be very respectable license and subscription solutions growth rates, and we're guiding the EPS growth north of 15% at constant currency. Both of these growth rates are inclusive of the fact that a growing percentage of our license and subscription solutions revenue will be subscription-based. But as you know, foreign exchange rates have changed dramatically on a year-over-year basis, and this has a significant impact on both our revenue growth and our earnings growth. There are, of course, other headwinds that we're mindful of. The macro headlines coming out of Europe over the past few months have been quite pessimistic. So we're not planning for a repeat of the growth rates we saw in 2014, and we're not expecting to see a rebound in the situation in China yet in 2015 either. But after adjusting for currency and taking a prudent view of the macro situation, we feel that we still have a relatively strong plan for 2015. We're feeling good about the long-range plan through 2018. We believe our growth prospects are improving as our mix of business naturally shifts over time toward market segments like SLM and IoT that have stronger market growth rates, and we continue to believe we have more margin expansion opportunity as we move from the mid-20s margins of today towards that 28% to 30% goal. The team is very proud to have delivered 5 consecutive years of 20% EPS growth, and we're ready to sign up for 4 more years of 15% EPS growth going forward. I've downloaded a lot to you here this morning, and I'm sure there will be many follow-up questions. We'll probably get to a few of them today, but I remind you again that our Investor Day event scheduled from -- 1 week from today will provide a great opportunity to get much deeper into all these different and exciting topics. With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff Glidden, our Chief Financial Officer.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Thanks, Jim. As Jim said, we are very pleased with our 2014 results. Financial highlights for the year include the completion of 3 key strategic acquisitions: ThingWorx in January, Atego in July, Axeda in August. We expanded our credit facility to $1.5 billion in September with a very positive and supportive group of 16 banks. In July, our Board of Directors approved a multiyear capital allocation strategy to use approximately 40% of free cash flow to repurchase PTC stock. The board also authorized the company to purchase up to $600 million of PTC stock through 2017, and in August, we launched an accelerated share repurchase program to purchase $125 million worth of PTC stock. This year, repurchase program is in place, and we expect it to be completed in our second quarter. And we would plan to repurchase additional shares during FY '15, consistent with our long-term goal. During the year, we expanded our operating margins by 300 basis points to 25%, and we increased cash flow from operations by 36% to $305 million. A cornerstone of our financial program has been the expansion of operating margins and our commitment to deliver annual EPS growth of 20%. Clearly and consistently, we had delivered against these financial goals. And while we have accomplished a great deal to date, we have also built a solid foundation for the future. We have established a set of key goals, targets and programs to deliver 15% EPS growth through 2018. Our key long-term targets include annual revenue growth of 6% to 10%, including revenue from strategic acquisitions. We've invested in sales programs and technologies, such as salesforce.com, to enhance sales execution and to increase productivity. We consistently utilize pipelines in sales activity metrics to plan, manage and improve our performance. We plan to expand operating margins to 28% to 30% by 2017 and into 2018 and beyond. This will be accomplished by driving improvements in overall productivity, continued expense controls and disciplines, coupled with improving margins in our professional services business. We continue to build out our partner ecosystem and plan to increase our services margins to 20% by 2018. Please note that cloud services, which traditionally have been reported within our services line of business, will, in the go-forward model, be included in our subscription line items. We expect our longer-term sustainable tax rate to be 18% to 20% through 2018, and through programmatic repurchases of PTC stock, we plan to reduce PTC share counts to approximately 112 million shares by 2018. While we are confident in our long-term plans and opportunities, as we enter 2015 we are faced with near-term headwinds from currency and the increasing macro uncertainty in global markets. Over the past several months, as Jim said, we've had very significant unfavorable shifts in currency. When compared to 2014 currencies, the weakening of the euro and the yen have the effect of reducing our FY '15 revenue by approximately $50 million or about 4 percentage points of growth, and reducing our EPS by approximately $0.15 per share or 7% of growth. Given this background, we expect FY '15 revenues to be between $1,365,000,000 and $1,385,000,000, and we expect EPS to be between $2.33 and $2.40 per share. For the first quarter of 2015, we expect revenue to be between $310 million and $325 million, and EPS to be $0.47 to $0.51 per share. And finally, I look forward-looking to seeing all of you at our Investor Day in New York next week. We appreciate you joining us today, and now we'll turn the call back over to James Hillier.
James Hillier: Thank you, Jeff. Deborah, can you please give instructions for the Q&A process, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'm sure we're going to get into this a lot more at Analyst Day next week, but I'm wondering if you could walk us through maybe some of your high-level assumptions that -- I think you pointed out over a 3- to 5-year period, the NPV of a subscription is likely to exceed that of a perpetual license.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay. Matt, I'll take that. And we're looking at pricing models that we think are both attractive to the customers and attractive to PTC. And as Jim said, we'll initiate this with more of a premium program to give people flexibility. It's the concept of, if you buy the car or you rent the car or the home, you're going to pay more for that flexibility. So when we look at it, the models that we put together on a 3-year basis are typically slightly favorable on NPV. And when you go beyond that to 4 and 5 and well beyond, the NPV is significantly better. I would just say that, as you know, many of our customers have been with us for a decade or more. And so over the long run, we think this is a very favorable trend in the overall financial outlook for the business, and you'll also see this as we'll report bookings and annual contract value, but you already see the trend and the impact on deferred revenues. Deferred revenues increased by about $45 million last year, in part reflective of the new models and those shifts. So I think we're seeing that in a positive way, which is positive cash flow and future revenue recognition.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's great. That's very helpful. I'm sure we'll get into it more next week. And then obviously, there's a lot of variables that can impact next year's numbers, and I understand you're not guiding to metrics like billings here. But should we expect both billings and cash flow to grow faster than revenue and earnings as we move through this transition?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So the answer is yes on billings. On cash flow, I would expect it to grow at roughly the same rate as billings with one caveat. We have a few -- we've identified this in the prepared remarks. We are doing some additional funding on pension programs as we close out some of those programs. So that will have a negative effect. It actually feels more like a capital contribution, but it shows up in operating cash flow. So I think that's about $45 million of funding for pensions as we close out the -- really what was the Computervision U.S. pension and we fund some incremental. These are pensions, by the way, that we acquired. As we did acquisitions, we inherited these, and we are basically looking at those as things we can get cleaned up. So I would say generally, I would expect cash flow to grow at roughly the rate of billings, which would be faster than revenue and probably similar to EPS.
Operator: The next question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wondered on those subscription program. Is this going to be -- we see a number of other software companies utilizing what I would consider a token-based subscription. So each product has a certain token value and you give the customer the flexibility to swap in and out of different products. I'm wondering if that's going to be the basis. And could they -- are they going to be able to swap among any of the products? Or are you going to kind of compartmentalize and say, "Okay, you're going to have a design suite where you can swap between -- or an IoT SLM suite that you can only swap between those products"?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Sterling. So that's a good question, but in fact, our program will not be token-based. Customers will subscribe to seats of software at varying capability levels. And for the duration of the subscription, that's what they subscribe to. Now when that subscription comes up for renewal -- and we'll have 1-, 2- and 3-year subscriptions. So when that comes up for renewal, then there's always going to be an opportunity to say, "Well, I don't think I had quite the right bill of material here. Can we reconfigure it a little bit?" But we're going to do that at renewal points, not constantly throughout the duration, based on a token-based system like you described.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And I wasn't clear -- are you actually going to -- you gave the kind of 400 IoT customers as one example. Are you going to give some sort of subscriber metric either quarterly or annually?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, we are.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And last question. On the SLM...
James E. Heppelmann: Let me -- Sterling, if I could just back up and give you a little bit more detail. We have quite an interesting package of metrics that we'll share with you at our Investor Day that we'll report. But of course, the first actual reporting with those metrics will happen 90 days from now, which is why you haven't really yet seen those metrics in this earnings report, because it's difficult to recap the old business that way. But we'll report our new business with the new set of metrics that we'll take you through at the Investor Day.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's fair enough, fair enough. Last question, on the SLM side, I'm glad you addressed it, but I'm curious, the sales pipeline in SLM. Is there any issues in terms of the product feature functionality? In other words, was there any type of product road map items that you were trying to accomplish that maybe customers were waiting for? Or is this really isolated to a sales execution issue?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, I think it's mostly a sales execution issue. After we acquired the Servigistics business, they came in the door with a pipeline, and we were all over that pipeline and closed a lot of it and then lifted our heads up and said, "Uh-oh, we weren't building enough new pipeline." And in fact -- then we had to go train people and build up the capacity and so forth. So I think we didn't manage that as well as we should have, just to be frank, and we feel like we've made up for it in the duration -- or in the course of the year, but sales cycles are a little long. So if you get started late, it takes you a while to catch up, but we're at that point where we feel like the pipeline looks pretty good going into 2015. And our forecast for SLM look pretty good and so forth, but I'd really say it was a sales and management execution miscue.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Steve Koenig from Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I wanted to just dig into guidance a little bit and get your help parsing it. There's obviously a lot of numbers there. So a couple -- just a couple of questions there. And the first one, the mix of subscriptions in your license and solutions stream, when we look at those numbers, it looks like that mix shift is almost entirely from the acquired subscriptions team. It doesn't look like there's assumption for very much transition in the core business to subscriptions. So can you help us separate those 2 factors in terms of how it shifts the mix?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Steve. I'm glad you asked that question, and I'm going to take a stab at it, and Jeff will bat clean-up when I'm done. If you look at that subscription business, for us to do that much subscription business in the year, we must already have a lot of it sort of booked, right? And in fact, we don't [ph]. So if you look at the 15%, roughly half of that is the run rate of the IoT business. Let's call 1/4 of it to be the run rate in the cloud services business and roughly 1/4 of it to be the run rate of, let's call it, core business, things like CAD and PLM that might have been term or subscription contracts we landed last year. And what's frustrating, of course, is when we talk about a mix of revenue, that's quite different than a mix of bookings because much of the success we plan to have that we're forecasting to have in 2015 in terms of securing new IoT business will show up as bookings but not as revenue. And that's why I say this, of course, is the world of subscription, where bookings are so important to understand where the business is going, and revenue kind of only tells you where it's been. So we think that you're right. Much of the 15% can be described by run rate. There are some new business, but most of the new business we secure in '15 will show up in the subscription revenue of 2016, '17 and beyond.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay, all right. So one more question on guidance, guys, and then one quick follow-up. The -- you had some commentary about the macro, but it doesn't look as if it's -- your guidance is not really negative. In fact, adjusted for currency, it's pretty okay. Maybe macro is the difference between the high end and the low end of guidance? How should we think about how you factor the choppy macro environment into your guidance?
James E. Heppelmann: Well, I think, at one level, we factored it in by assuming that, while we just ended a fantastic growth year in Europe, that Europe next year is going to be relatively flat. And while we just finished a disappointing year in China, we also kind of assume that China, next year, will be relatively flat. So I think already, it's built-in to a certain degree into our guidance at that level. Now we assume that the U.S. would continue doing well because the U.S. has been doing well, I think, at the macro level, and it's been doing well in the PTC number. So we assume steady as she goes in U.S., but relatively flat in Europe and China, and kind of more or less steady as she goes in Japan as well, subject to the FX problem we talked about.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then one quick follow-up, guys. So Jim, you talked about reminding us that the actual subscription revenues lag the bookings and you expect to have some good success in fiscal '15. So in thinking about the long-term guidance that you just gave for 6% to 10% revenue CAGR I believe it was, including acquisitions, how should we think about maybe how much of that is organic? And how that layers in over time, next couple of years below that and then getting above that towards '17, '18? Is that how -- how should we think about that?
James E. Heppelmann: Well, I think there's -- Steve, I think there's 2 important angles to think about this. One is mix of organic versus acquired, and then the second one would be mix of perpetual versus subscription. I explained that our subscription has been growing 4%, 8%, 15%, and so I think you have to think, out through 2018, what's the assumption. And let me say the assumption we have is it would roughly double. So by 2018, while hitting the numbers we talked about, we're assuming that we would have roughly 30% subscription mix, which I think is pretty good because that means, unlike most subscription companies, we're delivering strong earnings growth off a strong earnings baseline even while folding that in. So Jeff, do you want to cover the assumption on organic versus acquired?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. We've identified the 6% to 10% would assume 2% to 4% contribution from acquisitions. That's historically what we've done. One year it might be a little bit more, another year, a little bit less. If they are subscription-type companies, that may be building at a different rate than a perpetual business, but about 2% to 4% on acquisitions. We've assumed relatively stable economic outlook after '15 with constant currency is the way we forecast it. So this year is obviously muted, in particular, by the currency change.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, and Steve, maybe I should also say, we'll take everybody through this at our Investor Day, but if you look at the segments in which we do business, you have a CAD market that's growing sort of mid-single digits at best, maybe 4% to 6%. You have a PLM business that's growing 6% to 8%; ALM, maybe 7% to 9%; you have an SLM business that's somewhere in the 10% to 15% range; and an IoT market that's growing around 40%. And so you can imagine that as we prosecute our business that the SLM and especially the IoT businesses are going to grow fast and become a bigger and bigger piece of our pie, and as that happens, our whole pie will grow faster. So I'm pretty optimistic actually that we're going to see improving growth rates as we move through that 2018. If we do, in the IoT business, what I think we're perfectly capable of doing and, quite frankly, have the right to do based on the position we've already created for ourselves.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Williams from Evercore Partners.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Just high level, I'm sure we'll probably hear a little bit lot more about it in 1 weeks’ time. But just from a sales, sort of hiring and go-to-market standpoint, I guess, number one, can you provide any color on sort of your plans around maybe additions to quota-carrying reps going forward? Or is this going to be a situation where you're going to leverage the sales staff that you already have in place? And I guess, number two, is there any risk around sort of sales execution? You guys have made some nice headway there, switching to this type of subscription ratable model. Are you taking some steps to try and mitigate any sort of execution headwinds there?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Jeff, do you have the sales headcount numbers handy there?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: We ended the year at about 360 quota-carrying reps, and I think we saw a nice productivity improvement last year. So I think -- I would just add that I think we're looking at driving productivity overall and, importantly, also focusing a set of the sales teams on really some of the new businesses. So I think that's the situation to continue to drive productivity. We'll be adding folks to drive that new -- some of the new businesses. We did acquire some folks, and I think we'll first drive productivity and, secondly, add sales capacity as we get through the year.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I think if you look at FY '14, our average sales headcount was probably around 350, Jeff?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes.
James E. Heppelmann: And I think as you look at '15, it will be in the 360 to 370 range. So we'll have a little bit more capacity largely because we've acquired some capacity. But as Jeff said, what we're really focusing on is not a big expansion in capacity, but to continue to refine our go-to-market model to continue to get better productivity. As we all know, there's plenty of room for improved productivity. We've made tremendous progress, but we're a long way from being done capturing the opportunity to improve sales productivity. So now on your second question about kind of managing risk, we're trying to be careful there. You might remember last year, we put in place a segmented sales model. It all still reported to the same guy, but we said, we need to spread out where we put our focus a little bit. We can't have everybody doing everything because then, some things don't get done at all. So we segmented into service sellers and product development sellers and then full product line sellers. That, we felt, worked pretty well. We rebuilt the service pipeline, as we've talked about, and have a lot of momentum there, and did just fine in the core business. So that felt like a good move. What we're really doing here is we're adding one more segment, which is IoT sellers, to that model, and what we're basically saying is if we're going to go out and hunt for new accounts, let's hunt with IoT because that is so compelling right now. It's the hottest topic out there. Everybody wants to talk about it, and we have a very strong position without the kind of entrenched competitors that we have when we go try to mount a CAD or PLM campaign. So I don't think it's actually a huge risk. We're basically saying, "Let's concentrate the hunting of new accounts in this area, where, we believe, based on evidence we have already, the hunting will be so much more productive." And so I don't think it's a big change. It all still reports to the same guy, Bob Ranaldi. It's sort of one more piece on top of what worked so well last year. Time will tell, but I'm pretty confident we'll execute this strategy well, both holding what we have in the core business and then adding a lot of new logos and new bookings in the IoT business that actually don't help that much in 2015 revenue but really set us up to lead in that category and grow like -- grow much faster in '16, '17 and '18.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Great. That's helpful. I appreciate the color. And maybe just one quick follow-up, just at a high level. I'm just wondering, Jim, if you could talk a little bit about -- from a sort of competitive/partner standpoint, you've got IBM making a little bit more noise around IoT. GE seems to be really sort of doubling down on their IoT effort. Is there any real change in the landscape out there? And I guess, specifically to GE, could you give us an update on sort of your partnership there and how that seems to be going?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So just first I'm going to hit IBM. I think IBM is a competitor, and to some extent, it's IBM with a bunch of little companies you never heard of. But I don't think IBM has the product suite that we have. They have WebSphere and they have busloads of programmers and stuff like that, but they don't really have the solution set we have. But they're IBM. That's a company that you ought to take very seriously. GE is a very different story. We love GE. GE is a very big customer of ours. We are contributing some elements into their Industrial Internet strategy. We're working to get more of our stuff in their strategy, but they're not really a competitor. Because even though they're talking about taking their stuff to market, what they're really talking about, if you dig into it, and I have, is where they sell hardware, jet engines, turbines, medical devices, they would like to sell Industrial Internet solutions to help optimize the way those things are, in particular, serviced. And so that's great. I love GE. I think that the more GE talks about Industrial Internet, the more it helps us. I frequently say to customers, "If you're impressed by what GE is doing and don't have the billions of dollars to spend opening your own center with 800 developers out in Silicon Valley, then that's fine, I have that in the box. I'll put a pretty ribbon on the box, and we'll ship it to you. And you can have the same things for pennies on the dollar." It's pretty interesting to people.
Operator: The next question comes from Saket Kalia.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So first for Jim. Jim, for some of the subscription customers, I know you talked about the option for remixing at renewal. But besides kind of the CapEx to OpEx trade, what do you think are the biggest positives for a customer switching from perpetual to subscription?
James E. Heppelmann: Okay. So it really is, first and foremost, about flexibility. We all went to college, and when we graduated from college, did we all go buy a house? No. Probably every single person on this call went out and rented an apartment. Why? Well, we just weren't sure what to lock in on yet, and maybe, we didn't have the capital. So we all rented for a while, and that gave us a lot of flexibility. We could upgrade to a better apartment later. We could move to a different city if our job changed. I mean, that flexibility is worth a lot, and we all paid more for that apartment than we might have paid had we purchased a house. Because at least, with a house, if the payments were high, we would have been creating some equity, which, of course, we're not creating in an apartment. So I mean, it's just a model that, from a flexibility standpoint, has value, and people are ready and prepared to pay for that value. But the OpEx, CapEx thing is very, very important. When you go talk to the VP of any department, he or she has a budget and he or she can spend their budget, but as soon as you start talking about CapEx, that's a different process. That's a process that involves many different people. It's sort of a shared money. Typically, that's only revisited once a year. I mean, it's very difficult, relatively speaking, to get something into a CapEx budget versus an OpEx budget. So it's just a lot simpler to free up OpEx dollars. And then, of course, they see that, "I don't have to buy all the shelfware to get a good price," and so on and so forth. So I think there is good value for customers. They're willing, as we all are, to pay more for that, just like we all pay more for rental cars or even leasing cars or apartments than we do to buy the asset, but I think there's also people out there who feel like, "Hey, if I'm going to lock in to this for a long time and I'm very comfortable, I should buy it because I'll save money." So I think it's just a matter of what attitude does the customer come to the table with. But this idea of flexibility is important because people, for dozens of years in this industry, have bought things only to realize that wasn't quite the right thing, but the seller won't take it back. And therefore, it became a write-off. So they like the flexibility to reconfigure at least at renewal time.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. That makes sense. And so just for a follow-up. I know it's a long way away, but Jeff, I think you mentioned that about 30% of the perp-subscription line in '18 should be kind of subscription. How should we think about that split between sort of cloud services versus term/subscription? And then if you just look more holistically at the model in '18, how much of that total revenue would you say is "recurring?"
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay. So on the cloud service, I would expect that to be something approximating 20% of that, balance being really the...
James E. Heppelmann: 80% their software.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. So that piece, I think if you looked at the total mix, right now, we're 51% support. That will continue to grow. So I would say when we get out there, we're going to be -- close to 80% of our revenue is going to be recurring, very predictable revenue again with the growth in deferreds and, I think, an improving cash flow picture as a result of these shifts. So think of it as going from 50%, maybe 55% last year.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. 80% is probably a little high, 70% to 75%, because if -- we're just talking out loud here. If we say 30% of license is 10% of revenue -- so you'd add another 10% to the 50% to 55% and you'd be at 60% to 65% of our business would be recurring at that point.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I think one other key element, I'll say, is our services business. What we're doing is doing a lot more with our traditional professional services being partner-driven with business we do being higher margin. So if you look at our long-term outlook, we've actually increased the margin, gross margin percentages because of both the services and the mix. So we think those are both positive.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, that's a factor. Just the math on that would be if the services revenue, which is, today, 20% to 25% of our revenue, if that were going to decrease substantially in the mix, of course, that means that the proportion of the total revenue that's renewable would climb by another 5 points or so.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Sure, very helpful. And sorry, if I could squeeze in one last one, and it was a great segue with what you just mentioned, Jeff, on the margins. You kept your 2017 -- fiscal '17 op margin target unchanged at 28% to 30% despite what's probably going to be a higher -- what will be a higher mix of subscription through that time. Do you think you need more sort of restructuring to get there? Or maybe if you could just help us understand what's letting you keep that target despite the shifting top line.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So I think a couple of things. If you look, we -- the shifting top line, as we just described, improves the overall gross margin. And if you look at the rest of the model, we fairly well held sales and marketing as a percent of revenue relatively constant, and that's in part -- it probably would have come down some without a subscription shift because you've got -- the work and activity that you're putting into selling has a deferral effect. So we've basically held the sales and marketing expense to constant as a percent of revenue. We've also reflected an increase, slight increase, in R&D because of the technology intensity of both our existing business and future business. So I think those are the kind of shifts that we've made, which are -- I would describe them both as kind of reinvestments of that additional gross margin in both incremental sales to grow the business and incremental R&D to really make sure that we have fully funded on those lines.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Saket, I would also add a couple of more pieces of color to that. One is that in 2014, we've been carrying on our books a very expensive startup company. But particularly when we added Axeda to the ThingWorx business, we gained a lot of scale. And that business is quickly kind of approaching a breakeven point and, at some point here, it will become a profitable business. And that will help a lot to take some pressure off us. At the same time, I don't think it would be accurate for us to say we're going to get to 28% to 30% without any restructuring events between here and now. I mean, we've had a series of restructuring events on our way from 13% to 25%, and I could foresee that there will be a need for more of those here and there between now and 2018.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: And I'd just add, Saket, that that's particularly driven in part by acquisitions. When you do the acquisitions -- when we added a number of people when we do an acquisition, we've got to organize and rationalize that at times. In many cases, we're just really shifting resources. So that is, in part, driven, as Jim said, by a drive for profitability but also an integration or rationalization of acquisitions.
Operator: This question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, how are you thinking about the new model offerings as a means or opportunity to either drive new user acquisition within your existing base or outside of your base? I understand what you said about '15 perhaps just focusing more on traditional accounts and not pushing too hard on subscriptions just yet. But longer term, particularly for CAD and PLM -- let's put IoT, put it to the side for the moment. Do you think there's an opportunity here as some other companies with model changes have seen to bring in more volume of users?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Well, let me say just holistically at the top level. Our interest in subscription is driven, first and foremost, by an expanding addressable market, expansions particularly in IoT, where we think that business is subscription, should be subscription and so forth. So when we talk about the mix of subscription at 15% now and going to 30% over time, a lot of that is simply because the IoT business is modeled to be growing fast during that time frame and to be mostly subscription. Now that said, I do think -- if I come back really to your question, which is back in the core business, how does it look. I think that what we've seen is that customers are -- they're actually willing, in some cases, to be more aggressive with a subscription contract than with a perpetual contract, again, for fear of buying a busload of shelfware and then finding out it's the wrong stuff. So we've done some really great subscription contracts even in the big deal business last year. I mean, you'll realize -- if you go through the math, I said roughly 1/4 of the 15% is run rate from the core business. So we already have a substantial chunk of subscription in the core business. But I think if we go now to the reseller space, I think it's a huge boon for the resellers because these guys are doing business with small- and medium-sized companies that frequently just don't have the financial wherewithal to buy assets or to buy them in volume to get better pricing and so forth. And so they're much happier, in many cases, to go with a subscription model. So I think it does give us the ability to go down-market and even to just appeal more broadly in that market of small- and medium-sized companies.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Along the same lines, how are you thinking about having to change, if at all, your current product release schedule or at least the major releases? You've been on about an 18- to 24-month schedule for the major Creo and Windchill releases. Do you think that, again, as we've sometimes seen with other companies, having made model changes, you need to accelerate the pace of releases commensurate with their support of a -- more of a time-based model?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, I don't think, at this point in time, we see subscription driving a change to the cadence of our release schedule. Maybe we'll think differently as we get deeper into it. But I think right now, keep in mind we're really talking more about subscription than SaaS. There is an element of hosting or what we call cloud services here, but we're not really talking about a pure SaaS model. We're saying it's the same software. It's just, do you want to buy it or rent it? And at this point, we're kind of typically building our release cadences around innovative ideas we have, sometimes competitive responses to things, sometimes customer satisfaction or whatever and might need to fix a usability problem in a piece of software and we need to fix it quickly or something like that. So I think that my view would be, in the near term, those factors will be more important drivers of release cadence than in subscription, but maybe I'll get educated. I'm open to that.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: All right. And just lastly for Jeff. This might be the last opportunity to ask a question of him. The prepared remarks referenced what sounded like 2 possibly nonrecurring items that helped your license revenues in the quarter that perhaps you could quantify. One was referenced to a nice piece of business for what you called a heritage product. I assume one of your older CAD-related products. And it sounds like the old MKS business had a particularly strong quarter, if you could -- sequentially and year-over-year, if you could talk about those 2 things.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay. So first of all, Jay, let me say if you're going to be in New York, I'm going to see you next week. So this won't the last time, but no, we feel very good about that. The 2 comments on the heritage product, that's within the CAD product line. We had a large customer that had used some products historically, and they did make a large purchase and really committed to that to stay with that product. So that was in the CAD space. It's not Creo, but it's an older CAD product. On MKS, it was -- the performance year-over-year on a percentage basis was up, but it was off a soft compare. So I think we feel good about ALM long-term, but I would just caveat or caution a little bit of the percent change year-over-year is in part because of the soft compare. So those are the current perspective, and I will see you next week, I hope.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. And maybe I'll just add for everybody's benefit. We are making progress on our CFO search. We're sort of working our way now through a shortlist of very good-looking candidates. I think we don't have any imminent announcement here, but I think we're more or less on schedule as we expected to be with that CFO replacement for Jeff. In the meantime, you can hear today and see next week that Jeff is fully engaged in the business, and we have 100% confidence in him. It's just a healthy situation. We're working our way through, and I think we'll have a productive conclusion to that late this calendar year or possibly into next calendar year, depending upon if there are some delays in the start time or something like that. But Jeff is committed to hang around until such time as we've completely transitioned everything, and then he'll go spend some time doing all those other great things in life. So I hope to see all you guys next week. And with that, I'll turn it over to James Hillier.
James Hillier: Yes. Thanks, everyone. Just one more plug, again, for our fiscal '15 Investor Day that's going to be taking place next Thursday, November 13, from 8:00 a.m. to 2:45 p.m. at the NASDAQ MarketSite in Times Square, New York. For those of you who want to attend and haven't registered yet, please feel free to contact me, and we'll get you registered. The event is also going to be webcast with a link on our Investor page at investor.ptc.com, and we look forward to seeing everyone next week.
James E. Heppelmann: Thank you very much. Bye-bye, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. At this time, all participants may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James Hillier -  James E. Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of National First Executive Advisory Board and Director Jeffrey D. Glidden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ann Grackin
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to PTC's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce James Hillier, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
James Hillier: Thank you, Gail. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's third quarter fiscal 2014 earnings call. As a reminder, today's call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products, our anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumption of PTC's management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC's most recent Form 10-K and 10-Q on file with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial measures in today's call are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measures is located in the Q3 2014 press release and prepared remarks documents on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com. With us on the call this morning is Jim Heppelmann, our President and CEO; Jeff Glidden, our CFO; and Barry Cohen, EVP of Strategy. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Heppelmann: Thank you, James Hillier. And good morning to all of you who are investing your time here this morning to join us for our third quarter of fiscal 2014 earnings call. The past 90 days have been very exciting for us and I'm pleased both with the strategic development and with the business results that we announced yesterday evening. On the strategic side, we're very pleased to announce the Axeda acquisition. With 1 foot in the Internet of Things or IoT world, and the other foot in service lifecycle management or SLM world, Axeda is a great complement to both ThingWorx and PTC. Axeda is a leading brand today in the IoT market and an almost perfect fit to PTC in terms of what they contribute as compared to what we already have. When we factor in the scale that we will gain from Axeda in terms of technology, employees and IoT expertise, customers, partners and revenue, we believe that this acquisition will reinforce PTC's clear leadership position in this dynamic new world of smart connected products and the Internet of Things. The Axeda deal will be synergistic for us on multiple levels. Because we don't really have a pre-established fiscal year '15 financial baseline to compare against, it's hard to say in a meaningful way how many pennies of accretion it might add. But I can tell you, first, that there's a meaningful cross-sell opportunity because our research indicates that Axeda customers generally love ThingWorx and vice versa. On the cost side, the synergies are significant in the near term. In the case of the Axeda acquisition, it's about cost avoidance rather than cost-cutting, but either way, we accomplished the same results. To clarify this point, when we acquired ThingWorx 6 months ago, we had a roughly 40 person IoT organization. This organization has more than doubled already in terms of the manpower on board. We've been investing heavily in planning to grow this organization to more than 200 by the end of fiscal year '15. Naturally, we've been investing well ahead of revenue. But when the Axeda deal closes in a few weeks, we will see our IoT organization jump to more than 250 people overnight. So this acquisition more than satisfies the bulk of our short-term hiring needs in the IoT area, which allows us to back out the associated cost out of our FY '15 plan as well. Said differently, our FY '15 plan looks materially better in terms of revenue and EPS when we factored Axeda into it and this is reflected in the preliminary view of 2015 that we shared in our release. With Axeda, we acquired a solid growing market leader in the hot space of IoT and SLM that brings significant strategic value and strong synergies. I'm confident that you'll agree this will be a very good deal for us. I'd like to share a little bit more about ThingWorx momentum before I move on. While the numbers are still small, we've seen strong growth in ThingWorx bookings. With Q3 bookings being up more than an order of magnitude, on an apples-to-apples basis, as compared to a year ago quarter, when of course we did not own the company. Because ThingWorx is a subscription business, the revenue implications of that growth remain muted in the near term, though I can tell you that if ThingWorx had been a perpetual business, we would have posted $4 million of ThingWorx license revenue in the quarter, which is much more than we actually did. Over the last year, we've been aggressive in building on our leadership position in the world of smart connected products and the Internet of Things and we'll continue to do so going forward. There's a tremendous amount of interest in this topic, both with current customers and new prospects. At a recent big annual customer meeting that was held at the Boston Convention Center in June, we have record attendance overall, but we were more than a little surprised to see the ThingWorx track, drawing up to 400 customers in this inaugural exposure. Axeda has hosted a similar event a month or so earlier and drew 600 customers. So these are just a few data points that indicate that a large number of companies want to hear about the value of IoT and smart connected products. A significant amount of the interest in our IoT story is coming from the corner office. We commissioned a market study through a third-party whose results indicate that nearly 50% of the time, the CEO is either driving the IoT project or heavily involved in getting weekly reviews. On my end, I've met many new CEOs in the last 6 months, because these CEOs understand the strategic implications of IoT on their business and they are both excited and perhaps a bit scared at times. They understand that this phenomenon will reconfigure their value chain, it could redefine their industry structures and it will certainly change the nature of their competitive advantage. They're looking for a trusted guide to help them figure this all out and PTC is typically showing up in the right place at the right time. Soon with a full solution stack built around the best conductivity platform, thanks to Axeda, the best application platform, thanks to ThingWorx, and with a full suite of vertical applications for product and service lifecycle management, thanks to both PTC and to Axeda, as well. I think we're in a very exciting place. Finally, during the quarter, we also announced the acquisition of Atego, a U.K.-based software company who has best in class tools for systems engineering. Let me try to provide some background for that. When companies set out to create smart products, by definition they have to simultaneously engineer those products across the mechanical, electronic and software domains. In each situation, they could address a given set of product requirements with numerous different hardware and software strategies. This is just a silly example to make a point but if you're standing in front of the door to your home, should you unlock the door with a mechanical key, with an electronic remote or with an app on your smartphone? All of these are viable approaches. So the Artisan Software solution from Atego is used to help customers think through these types of design alternatives and land and document the optimal system design that best meets the requirements. Because Artisan sits between requirements management and engineering, it's a natural part of our ALM and our PLM solution suites. Artisan will help to differentiate our ALM and PLM solutions when they're sold independently and then link them together in a full systems engineering solution, when they're sold together, which is more and more what customers are really looking for. I'll let Jeff cover the Q3 results and provide color on that, but there is 1 key theme that I want to pick up on, which is the growing impact of subscription revenue on our business. If you think about what is already happening with our fast-growing ThingWorx and managed services business, you probably know that we're building a nice backlog of subscription bookings that doesn't show fully in the revenue or EPS results that we report to you in our earnings release. Those bookings will grow substantially when we fold in the Axeda revenue as Axeda, too, runs with a pure subscription model. On top of that, we're starting to see a growing interest from traditional customers in deal structures that are subscription based. In fact, in our most recent quarter, we booked several sizable deals in a subscription manner, meaning that these deals added to the bookings backlog but contributed relatively little to the quarterly results. Since the Q3 results -- or I could argue the Q3 results were a bit stronger than the headlines suggest because the growing book of deferred subscription revenue is hard to communicate via our traditional reporting model. So as I suggested last quarter, we're planning to provide more transparency to subscription metrics as part of our reporting regime as we enter 2015. Looking forward to 2015, and the directional guidance that we provided, we feel that low double-digit license revenue is achievable in a stable economy, given the relatively conservative view of our organic business, plus the growth momentum we have in ThingWorx, together with the addition of Atego and Axeda revenue streams. That level of license growth would in turn drive low to mid-single digit growth in our support revenue. Next, in line with our margin expansion strategy, we would expect services to be roughly flat in terms of revenue growth but with expanding services margins. Keep in mind that flat services revenue overall implies a growing managed services business on one hand and an intentionally declining professional services business on the other. We believe that this is an appropriate and efficient model for us and the only way to run the type of high-margin business that we are aiming for. So when you put all of those licensed support and service products together, we would expect total revenue growth in the low to mid-single-digits with EPS growth about 10 percentage points higher in the low to mid-teens range. We'll provide more precise and quantitative guidance at our Q4 earnings report after we finalize our plans for fiscal year '15. But in any case, we're feeling good about our progress as we enter the fourth quarter of our fifth consecutive year of strong earnings growth and we look forward to another solid earnings growth plan for fiscal year 2015. With that, I'll turn it over to our CFO, Jeff Glidden, for some color on the financial results.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Thanks, Jim. As Jim cited, over the last 90 days, we've made great strides strategically. In addition, we delivered strong financial performance in Q3. Total revenue increased 7% to $337 million and non-GAAP EPS increased 19% to $0.53. License revenue was up 16%, our support business increased 7% while our service revenue declined slightly. As a result of this favorable revenue mix shift, we delivered gross margins of 75% and we expanded our operating margins to 24.2%. On a geographic basis, our business in Japan was very strong with revenue increasing 16%. You'll recall that as we closed out Q2, we have cited that some business in Japan have slipped from Q2 but that we were confident that these deals will close in Q3. And I'm pleased to say that our team in Japan clearly delivered on that promise. Our European business increased 13%, year-over-year, while our revenue in the Americas and Pac Rim were flat with the prior year. The highlight in the quarter was our CAD business with revenue increasing 10% year-over-year. As discussed previously, we are in the midst of a new product cycle, now with more than 65% of our customer base upgraded to Creo, and we're seeing customers purchase both new Creo modules, as well as additional seat capacity. We continue to have very good cash collections from our customers and generated $106 million in cash flow from operations, up 26% year-over-year. Cash increased to $304 million and we purchased $60 million worth of PTC stock during Q3. Looking ahead to our outlook for Q4 and the full year, we expect an improving economy and outlook in the U.S. and Europe but continued softness in Asia Pacific. We expect Q4 revenues to be in the range of $340 million to $355 million and we expect to deliver non-GAAP EPS of $0.59 to $0.63 per share. For the fiscal year, we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.330 billion to $1.345 billion and expect our non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $2.10 to $2.14. Again, we appreciate you joining us today and now, I'll turn the call back over to James Hillier.
James Hillier: Thank you, Jeff. Gail, you can now open up the call to questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Mr. Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, Jeff, as part of giving the new metrics that you alluded to in connection with the subscriptions, would you expect to give a billings guidance or bookings guidance as one of your competitors in the industry has begun to do? And secondly, with respect to managed services, could you talk about how widely adopted that is, thus far, in terms of Windchill customers making use of that and is it the sort of offering that you could offer beyond just Windchill into any other functional areas that you have? Then I'll follow-up.
James E. Heppelmann: Okay. So let me say, first on the billings guidance. We're actually, Jay, in the process of, right now, trying to figure out our own answer to that question. So I don't want to preempt with a guess here. But what I will tell you is I think PTC has always had high marks for transparency, so we're going to try to find the right set of metrics that we feel like provide sufficient transparency to our businesses operating but I don't want to get into the detailed answer for fear that I might give you one that 90 days from now we change. But I can say, we'll be appropriately transparent. Then on the managed services piece, that business, right now, has relatively low adoption across our entire customer base. Perhaps, higher adoption in some pockets, maybe higher adoption in new business, higher adoption in medium-sized companies but if you were to look at our entire customer base for PLM, if we had high adoption that business will be many times larger than it is right now. But that's it. It's a nice business and it's got a nice growth rate. We have some managed services business also in SLM, particularly the Servigistics piece. When we acquired Servigistics, they had a managed services business. So if you look at our full managed service business, it's probably 60% PLM and 40% SLM right now, and again on the SLM side as well, we think that there's quite a bit of growth opportunity, though as customers purchase the Servigistics software there is a higher rate of adoption of managed services on the initial purchase. I think that's just consistent with where SaaS and managed services in general has the most traction. It tends to be a little more traction, let's say, in back office systems, in of course CRM being the high point.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Right. Just a follow-up on your fiscal '15 preliminary comments and then an IoT question. On '15, are you at this point able to say anything about your assumptions regarding, particularly to the CAD and PLM businesses, the relative performance you're anticipating in terms of new volume versus ARPU for either side of the business? And then on IoT having now filled out the development platform side and now the connectivity and security side, is there any important missing piece for IoT or do you think you've got the portfolio now?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Jeff, can I take the second part of this and then I'll have you...
Jeffrey D. Glidden: And I'll take the first part.
James E. Heppelmann: To the extent you can.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes.
James E. Heppelmann: On the IoT piece, Jay, we do think we have a pretty interesting stack of technology right now. Like you said, from connectivity, which gets the data from the machine to the cloud in the application platform, which allows you to build applications that process that data in the cloud to the SLM and ALM and PLM suite, which are essentially predeveloped applications that can use and process that data, as well. We feel like we have a good stack. I think the place we could do a lot more would be in big data analytics. Because a lot of people say by running big data analytics against that data you can see things, patterns developing that you never would have necessarily been looking for, that some of these patterns are almost organic and by analyzing data and looking for these patterns, you can then begin to predict things happening as opposed to just track them as they are. So I think that's a place where you could see us continuing to build partnerships, maybe do acquisitions, I don't know. But certainly, that's a place where we could add more to the stack.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay, Jay, relative to 2015, what we wanted to do today was really give broad color on what we see in the overall business. We're in the midst of really assembling that plan. We do it by region, by customer, look at major campaigns both by PLM, CAD, SLM, et cetera. So I'm going to basically say we'll defer that full discussion until we release Q4 and I think we can give you good color then, but suffice to say, I think we feel very good about where we are, just completing acquisition of both Atego and now, Axeda. Those will factor in as we build that plan. So I think it will be premature to give you much more than to say we feel pretty good about the business space we're in, and some of the new growth markets. So we'll come back and give you more on that discussion when we close Q4.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Very nice to see continued growth in CAD, it also sounds like Axeda will be a very nice addition to the PTC family. I guess I'm wondering, in terms of the quarter, you pointed out some Q2 slipped deals from Japan closed this quarter. I was curious, was there also some 4Q license deals that got pulled into 3Q?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, a couple of these deals that we took in a subscription fashion. By going subscription, we sort of lubricated the deal process and then move more quickly because we weren't necessarily requiring a significant capital expenditure upfront. So I definitely think if you look at our Q4 and maybe if I go to probably the underlying question, there's a couple of factors that have affected our license outlook for Q4. Let me just get through them. First thing is China. We're nervous there because normally we have a big Q4 in China. In fact, last year, we had a $10 million license jump from Q3 to Q4. To be frank, we don't see that happening because there's just some issues in China that we and other tech companies, particularly U.S. tech companies, are suffering through. There's a fair amount of turmoil in the government agencies and that slows things down and then there's sort of an anti-American technology sentiment, which also slows things down. So we're taking a pretty conservative view of what's going to happen in China and that takes some momentum away. The second thing is this subscription model. I can tell you, for example, one of the biggest deals that we have in the Q4 pipeline looks like it might head down the subscription path, which for all intents and purposes, will give us a goose egg as it relates to Q4 license revenue. And then the third factor is this timing thing. We feel like we're having a pretty good license year and when the dust settles, we will have had a pretty good license year. Q3 might have a been a little stronger than we expected. Maybe some of that is revenue that might have landed in Q4. But we feel like the license business is in good shape. We've got this issue in China that we hope improves but we don't feel like there's a real problem here that we're seriously worried about or anything.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's great, very, very helpful. And also good to see the progress in Europe and Japan certainly coming off of Q2. I'm wondering, though, the Americas is a little weaker than we expected. It looks like more in the Extended PLM and SLM business. I wanted to double-click into that a little bit more, kind of, find out if that was more of a mix shift or sort of what was going on in the U.S. market?
James E. Heppelmann: No, I think it's really more a question of a lumpy business. I think we're thinking we're going to have a pretty strong Q4 in North America and all's well that ends well and the story in North America will end well.
Operator: Our next question is from Mr. Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to drill into this idea of subscription. So you've mentioned it in answers to a couple of questions, including the guide here for the fourth quarter. We've watched, over the years, a number of companies from Cadence Designs to Aspen Technology to Ariba to, more recently, Adobe and Autodesk, go ahead and take the full plunge on subscription. It seems like you're starting to dip your toe in the water more and more into that subscription model, why not just jump in with both feet?
James E. Heppelmann: Jeff, do you want to take that one?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So Sterling, I'll just say, look, the new businesses are coming whether we acquire them or we build them, more and more flexibility for the customers with subscription models. So I think that is clear, significant and increasing portion of our business, new businesses will be subscription. I would remind you that today, 51% of our business of support is really a subscription model already. So that's very significant and I think as Jim said, we provide and we have provided in the past flexibility for both perpetual in term or a subscription type model with customers and we've offered that and we've seen more take it up. So I think it's a flexibility option for us but I want to reiterate that, today, the majority of our business is already in a subscription model and we'll work within the framework. We'll give you a better color on this as we get into -- and transparency, I think the metrics as we report for '15 become very important to look at bookings, billings and deferred revenues. So we'll give you more color on that as we get there.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Maybe, Sterling, I could a little more. And that is Jeff kind of hinted at this but I'll just go a bit deeper. We're acquiring companies that are subscription based and we either have to then embrace subscription or we need to try to convert those companies to perpetual. I think when we gave you guidance for what ThingWorx would contribute to the year, we actually assumed some amount of that would go perpetual because we thought our sales guys would drive it that way. But the customers haven't really followed. So we're looking at strong bookings but they're almost all subscription and therefore, we're not seeing near as much of these good bookings for [ph] the revenue in the near term as we might have thought they would. But we've made the strategic decision not to fight that but to embrace it because let's be frank, it would be silly for us as management to try to defend the castle of perpetual license model. So we're not going to do that. The real question is how aggressively do we embrace it in the core business? You should just assume that all this new business, this new IoT stuff will be subscription. The real question is what to do with core CAD, PLM and SLM. And as Jeff said, that's probably moving a little faster in that direction that we might have thought. And so in 90 days, we're going to come back to you with better strategy, better metrics and so forth, so that we can really tell you what we think is going to happen and then show you as bookings come in, how many of them are going perpetual, how many of them are going subscription. So you can see the full picture because today, in our earnings release, we can only paint a part of the picture and so we need to change the way that we communicate with you and we're committed to doing that in Q1 of '15.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And maybe, just as a follow-up, if you can give us a little bit of qualitative insight now and maybe more quantitative at that point insight, a lot of times you see people get confused when you talk about subscription. The SaaS or hosted type of offerings or managed service type of offerings that you've got versus, to your point which you mentioned in kind of the first part of the answer, the traditional kind of just term contracts. So we can understand it, how much is going one way versus the other and what the margin impact of 1 choice over the other would look like on the business.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So the qualitative answer would be there's substantially more interest in subscription contracts than there is in hosted software in our world. For example, people might want to buy CAD in a subscription license model but they don't want to run it to the cloud, necessarily. So I think we do have managed service business, so we're covering that angle as well and that is a nice business and it's got a decent growth rate. But you know that if a megadeal flips from perpetual to subscription, it has a pretty material impact on the given quarter we closed that deal in. And today, we can't really show that to you in our reporting metrics. So we want to make sure we had a set of metrics that we can explain that, really quite frankly, to show you all the good news that today we have a difficult way of communicating to you.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, I think that's great. And last item to that is what is the lifetime value of that subscription type of contract versus perpetual? Are you getting the uplift that you normally think about when you have a multiyear subscription?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, definitely. I mean, the data we have so far suggest we do much better contracts when they're in a subscription model than in a perpetual. Customers are willing to pay more because they don't have to commit to it on day 1. They don't necessarily have to pay it all on day 1. They don't have to take as much risk that they bought the wrong stuff and so forth. So we've seen that customers are -- they just negotiate with a different attitude when you're talking about subscription and they're definitely willing to pay a premium.
Operator: Our next question is from Mr. Steve Koenig of Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I have 1 for you and then 1 follow-up. So Jim, maybe qualitatively you could help us understand how would you describe the risk since you're still thinking about how fast that move to subscriptions in the core business might go? And it's not an all or nothing affair but you're obviously working on trying to size that. How would you describe the risk that, that shift could impact your preliminary fiscal '15 guidance?
James E. Heppelmann: Well, okay, first of all, that's a good question. I think that we thought a little bit about this in our FY '15 guidance and the FY '15 guidance sort of is a predicated on a steady-as-she-goes model, which means that the new businesses are subscription and that the old businesses are subscription, let's say, on an exception basis. So that's sort of the attitude that's factored into that guidance. Not that we would get super-aggressive and try to push the old businesses to subscription or something like that but that here and there may be a deal flips over. So I think if we were to get more aggressive, then we would want to think about implications of that. I'll tell you what we really want to do, though, is provide a way for you to sort of bridge it back and forth. That's going to be our goal as we go into next year is to give you the full picture in a bridge to help you understand just how much business did we land and how did we then recognize it, so that you get the full picture and feel good about it, sort of -- we want you to feel good about us winning business independent of which model we use to recognize it basically.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: That's helpful, Jim. And then if I may ask 1 follow-up, it would be the Creo product cycles is showing some good trends right now, I'm wondering how long are the legs on that? How long can it keep boosting your revenues beyond kind of market growth here because -- the Creo product cycle, does that go into next year? do we see continuing strength or did the -- could the comps get harder, is that -- should we now expect that? Just any preliminary thoughts there would be interesting.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, I think if you look at it this way, Steve, if you took the license guidance we gave you for next year and you kind of back out a reasonable number for Axeda and a reasonable number for Atego and then back out the implications of a fast-growing ThingWorx business, you'd be left with a, sort of at best, mid-single-digit organic growth number. So then if you say, okay, that's coming from CAD, PLM, SLM, I think that's a fairly conservative view of those businesses, which means we're not assuming we're going to have a 10% growth year in CAD next year. That's not to say we're not hopeful we will but we're applying some conservatism as we kind of take our aspirations and turn them into guidance. So I think we feel like the CAD business is doing really great this year and our assumptions for next year would be that it's good but not clipping along at the same level. Again, that's just the process of trying to figure out how to guide. That's not to say that we don't hope and won't push for a year next year that looks like the year we're having this year.
Operator: Our next question is from Mr. Matt Williams of Evercore.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just had a quick one on the sort of the SLM, obviously, flat license year-over-year the subscription component probably played a part in that. So I'm just wondering, are you seeing anything in that business that -- are deal cycles elongating at all as people start to contemplate rolling in ThingWorx and that type of thing or is it really just a matter of the subscription component of Servigistics, maybe coming through a little bit stronger than you anticipated?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So first of all, I'm not going to pin that one on subscription. That's not really the issue there. I think if you look at SLM, there's 2 factors that maybe are variables in this discussion. One is that it's a lumpy business and the Servigistics side of it always has been. The second thing is sort of a bookings pipeline rebuilding process. We acquired a company that had a pipeline. We did a great job of converting that pipeline. In the meantime, we went through a process of teaching the PTC sales force how to sell that product. That process took a while. They then began building pipeline. We have quite a promising pipeline for SLM now but you might think that we went through a bit of a valley where we transition to selling from the small Servigistics sales force who had a smaller pipeline and a high close rate to the PTC sales force, which then had to build a bigger pipeline. So I feel like we've gone through a slow spot but the outlook for that business is pretty promising and had some bigger deals come in, maybe you would never have seen this but it is what it is and we feel good about the business going forward.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. And maybe just 1 quick follow-up. You've got ThingWorx as a standalone offering and also down the road integrating with some of your core offerings. You've got Axeda now that will sort of match up with ThingWorx and the SLM roadmap. How should we think about just integrating all of these different components and what sort of time frame are you at least initially targeting to try and really get things into less of a standalone sale and more of, I guess, an integrated offering?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, so that's a great question, Matt. Let me say, first of all, there are a number of Axeda customers who have already purchased ThingWorx and use the 2 together. So those 2, I think we can make it better but there's a workable solution for how do you use ThingWorx to build applications against data you gathered with Axeda. There's a number of customers who've already gone down that route because they love Axeda but when it comes to building applications, ThingWorx is so much better, okay. So I feel like that's a solution that's ready to go right now and we can begin cross-selling and so forth. What was going to take longer would be to connect that stuff back to our traditional suites in the SLM and PLM and ALM world but one of the nice bonuses of Axeda is they actually have some SLM and ALM connected software. For example, the idea of remote service so that you can log into a remote machine, product if you will, and diagnose what's going on and tweak some parameters and so forth. They already have an app that does that, that's quite rather used by their customer base. And then if I switch to ALM, how could I access a remote smart connected product and apply a software patch or change a software configuration or download a whole new version? They already have an app that does that pretty well. So I think that while we thought of Axeda initially as this connectivity, we actually found out that they have some very interesting SLM and ALM apps that will help us more quickly bridge from the world of IoT to the world of SLM and ALM and in my mind, that was a big pleasant surprise as we got in this acquisition. And I would just say, in closing, on that side, this Axeda acquisition, the more we looked at it the more excited we got. It was better and better strategic fit, more and more synergies. I really think, particularly coupled with ThingWorx, but even independently it's going to be one of the best deals we've done in a long time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Mr. Saket Kalia of Barclays.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It's Saket from Barclays. A few, if I may. Jim, you gave some helpful commentary on the trim in fourth quarter guidance. Looks like guidance went down by about $10 million adjusting for Atego. Is there a way to sort of break out that impact from China versus subscription versus maybe some of the intentional services off-loading that you're doing?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Let's see, if you want to work off a $10 million number, then probably 1/2 of it is China. If you're talking about all revenue, services is, quite frankly, a big piece of the balance. If you're just talking about license revenue, a picture might be a little differently but I think you asked about $10 million at the total revenue line and it's almost 1/2 China, 1/2 services would explain that.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And then if you were to sort of look at it for -- if you're asked that same question on 2015 from a higher-level, you've got a couple of headwinds from subscription and services, is there a way to sort of think about the impact to growth to that low- to mid-single digit kind of revenue growth? How much it really would have been normalizing for those 2 factors?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, I think, for fiscal '10, we probably collectively lost $10 million of mostly license revenue out of China. So I can quantify that one.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Fiscal.
James E. Heppelmann: Fiscal '14, I'm saying. I'm looking backwards, not forward here. I think if we look forward, we have a pretty conservative view of what's going to happen in China next year, sort of the same effect versus let's say an undisturbed business. And we hope that situation in China picks up because what we have is a situation where customers aren't buying anything from anybody and we're hopeful at some point in time, they'll go back to buying something from somebody and we hope we're that somebody. Meaning, there's some demand perhaps queuing up here, hopefully. Yes, I think on services, probably...
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Flat on services.
James E. Heppelmann: Right.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So just continuing on Jim's earlier comment, we're looking at double-digit license growth, single-digit support growth and flat services and that's really fundamental to both the strategy and to the financial model to drive higher gross margins through that mix shift, as well as the operating margin. So I think we feel pretty good, particularly, we had a very nice license growth this quarter and driving that into the, consistently, into the double digits will be important. Now a piece of that is acquired and a piece will be organic but I think that's really the color we can give you on '15 today.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then lastly if I could squeeze it in, just on subscription, for the contracts that you've done so far, can you just talk about the cash collections on the subscription contract versus perpetual? Are customers paying up front and what sort of the average duration, maybe a year or more? Any color there will be helpful.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Sure. So they generally range -- they're typically a minimum of 1 year, more likely to be 2 or 3 years. The billing cycle is typically that if you take, let's just take a 2 year-subscription, you can bill the first year upfront, that will be collected in normal terms at the end of that year. So you booked the total amount to 2 years. You bill 1 year, collect that within normal terms of, let's call it, 60 days. Then at the end of that first year or probably before the end of the first year, you bill it again and collect it. So I think it's an important discussion on the subscription side because I think the cash flow is very attractive and over time, we actually build greater value and greater cash flow from these kinds of transactions. And I would add that some of the monetization on these is not about seats but it's about devices or assets connected and so when you think about it, we may have a platform transaction that has, let's call it, $25,000 to $50,000 upfront but that may yield over time, go from hundreds of assets to thousands or tens of thousands, that monetization builds very, very nicely in year 2, 3 or 4. And so I think there's some significant upside on the way we monetize these, as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Ann Grackin of ChainLink Research.
Ann Grackin: So I have a twofold question. First, Jim, you we're talking about talking to a lot of CEOs about the Internet of Things. So my first question is about what do you see -- excuse me, from those conversations that point to new emerging business models for those companies and do you also see new kinds of startup companies emerging out of the whole concept of smart connected products and the Internet?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So Ann, that's great question. So definitely, when people begin to think about smart connected products, you quickly get to the point where you start to think about the business model. And there's this thing we called a service paradox. Let me just step you through that. What happens today is there's a lot of companies who make money because of an inefficient service process. The fact that you've got to make a lot of service calls and that products consume a lot of spare parts because things break, that's kind of nice if you sell service contracts and spare parts and technician hours and so forth. But if you could monitor those products remotely and change from a reactive to a proactive model and keep things from breaking and failing and so forth, the customer is pretty happy. But suddenly, you're not selling so many spare parts and you're not doing so many service calls and so forth and your service revenue is under pressure. So then people say, well, what happened is I've created an efficiency here that's being totally accrued to the customer. And I need to figure out a way to acquire some of that efficiency back to my side of the fence, to my side of the relationship and the way I could do that is by structuring the business relationship differently. Rather than selling you the asset and then selling you the parts and the technician hours, why don't I keep the asset and the parts and the technician hours and sell you use of the asset? And that leads to the so-called product as a service model. So I think that's popping up all over the place, just hundreds of examples if we sit here and brainstorm through them. And CEOs are thinking about that because that's a model that will be very interesting, very challenging transformations for them to get from the old model to that new one but they're definitely interested in it. And then on the point about new startups, people are saying, okay, now that I know a lot more about how my products are used, but also what my customers do, how could I use that to create new value? I'll give an example. I was talking to a company that makes large engines that end up in let's say, industrial equipment. And they said that, let's say, construction equipment, and things like that, they said that by monitoring their engines and the equipment they're running, they know when the equipment needs fuel. So one of their dealers had created a new business where they provided a field provisioning service. So trucks with fuel will show up just in time to fuel the equipment and they could do this in an efficient way and therefore, offer fuel at a less cost and price than the competitor might because the competitor is always running trucks out there when they don't need to be there. And then sometimes, failing to show up in time when the piece of equipment run out of gas and is just sitting there. In this particular case, they weren't actually providing for you. They were using this information they had to enter into a fuel supply contract with somebody else. So it's just this use of information, they built a new business model around. It's not different from companies like MODUS, for example, putting a piece of hardware, software into your automobile, with an accelerometer and then watching your braking and accelerating habits and selling that information to insurance companies so that they can price insurance appropriately. That's yet another example of kind of a new business that you can create when a smart product becomes connected. So I think there's lots of interesting ideas like that.
Ann Grackin: Yes, like the military had performance-based logistics or powered by the hour type of contracts with some of their suppliers. So my second question is about the revenue model. You had touched on it briefly in the answer to the previous questions. So is the revenue model a base plus fees for devices or information? How are you going to charge as the user goes from 50 devices to 1,000 devices, for example?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, both ThingWorx and as well Axeda have pricing models that may include some upfront cost but then scale, typically, according to the number of connected devices. So if you double the number of connected devices, you have to pay a little more. And if you double it again, you have to pay more again. So it tends to scale with the number of devices. It may also scale with the number of users. So the more users, the more devices, the more the cost of the system.
Ann Grackin: So the question around the devices then, how do you encourage the user to use the system a heck of a lot more if they keep sitting with the calculator and go, wow, if I connect 10 more devices it's going to cost me more money. I mean, that's just a tricky problem to solve.
James E. Heppelmann: No, actually, I think it's a straightforward problem to solve because the value is scaling even faster. If I double the number of devices I double the amount of value and I double the amount of cost but if the value is much greater than the cost, that's a good model.
James Hillier: And I think with that, we'd like to wrap up the call. Jim, did you want to make some closing remarks?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I did want to address one other point which I -- some people have asked about and we didn't -- it didn't happen to come up here on the questions, and that's a little bit about this tax rate if I could. So some people said, well, your tax rate was pretty favorable and that helped your earnings. And I'd say, yes, of course. But there's a couple of things you ought to be aware of. Number one, our earnings also contemplate a very significant investment in ThingWorx that we've been making far ahead of revenue. So we've been pouring quite a bit of investment in that business. And one of the great things about the Axeda acquisition is it'll take quite a bit of pressure off that going forward. The second thing is that while the tax rate was favorable in Q3, it was quite unfavorable in Q2 and year-to-date, we're actually right on plan in terms of our tax assumption. So if you look at our year-to-date EPS and our forecast for Q4, we're making that year-to-date number and hoping to achieve that forecast number at essentially the tax rate we guided for at the beginning of the year. So it's not true to say that in the big picture, taxes are helping us. In the big picture they helped us in Q3 and hurt us in Q2 and we're right on track for the year. So anyway, I just wanted to offer that because I've been asked about it a couple of times and I wanted everybody to have the same information there. And so in closing out the call here, like I said, we're pretty happy with the results in Q3. We really like this Axeda and Atego acquisition. We really feel good about this Internet of Things and smart connected products business that we built, which is completely differentiated from our traditional competitors, yet very, very interesting to all of the manufacturing companies that we all serve. So we feel great about that and we feel pretty darn good about our FY '15 plan that we put in front of you because that would represent, for us, a sixth consecutive year of strong earnings growth and we want to keep that trend going and I think we feel like we have a beat on how to do it for FY '15. So thanks a lot everybody for spending time with us here this morning and hope you have a good balance of the day. See you in 90 days, if not before. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-04-24 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to PTC's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. 
 I would like to introduce James Hillier, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. Thank you. 
James Hillier: Thank you, Rowan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's second quarter fiscal 2014 earnings call. 
 As a reminder, today's call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products, our anticipated future operations or financial performance.  Any such statements will be based on the current assumption of PTC's management are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially.  
 Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC's most recent Form 10-K and 10-Q on file with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial measures in today's call are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measures is located in the Q2 2014 press release and prepared remarks documents on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com. 
 With us on the call this morning is Jim Heppelmann, our President and CEO; Jeff Glidden, our CFO; and Barry Cohen, EVP of Strategy. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim. 
James Heppelmann: Thank you, James Hillier. So good morning to all of you and thank you for joining us here on our Q2 earnings call. I'm pleased that we are able to report a solid second quarter with license revenue up 8% at constant currency, total revenue up 5% at constant currency and earnings per share up 18% at constant currency. These results are primarily organic in nature with acquired businesses contributing just $4 million of revenue, together with a modest earnings headwind, due in particular to investments we've been making in the ThingWorx business that positioned in for strong growth. Our most recent quarters, the third consecutive quarter where we've seen organic license growth rates increase, taking us from the mid-single digit negative growth territory 4 quarters ago, and progressing along a vector for the double-digit positive growth rate, we hope to achieve as we get into 2015. This, of course, assumes the economy continues to solidify as it has been of late. 
 While the manufacturing economy does appear to be improving in general, we still felt some challenges in the quarter, and these challenges are reflected in our results. Our business in North America was strong and our European results showed good improvement, but we posted a relatively weak quarter in Japan and in Asia-Pacific. The Japan issue appears to be mostly deal-timing related, as we have a very strong Japanese forecast for Q3. The situation in Asia Pac is more complicated. With PTC joining a list of tech companies who have been posting relatively weak results in Asia Pac due to a combination of economic slowdown and turmoil associated with new policies being implemented by the new Chinese government that took over in 2013. So even with the Asian challenges that I've described, PTC has sufficient pipeline strength to deliver a strong quarter. 
 Similarly, for the balance of the year, our pipeline data gives us confidence that we're in a good position to deliver the updated guidance that we issued in yesterday's earnings release. 
 In terms of market segments, we are pleased to see strength rebuild within our core CAD and extended PLM business segments. Our CAD business was up 3% at constant currency, which is the third consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth. Extended PLM was up 6% at constant currency, with license sales up double digits. SLM was up 12%, which is a continuation of the strength we've seen in that business over the past 2 years, even during times when the manufacturing economy was struggling. 
 We believe that our newer businesses, such as SLM and Internet of Things, will continue to develop secular rather than cyclical growth patterns. 
 That brings us to ThingWorx for our new Internet of Things or might I say, IoT business segment and the big opportunity that PTC has in helping companies apply this new type of technology to further transform how they create operating service to products. 
 Over the past 5 years, PTC has increasingly differentiated itself by repositioning the company to reflect what's happening in the world of manufacturing, where value that product companies create has been migrating from hardware to software, migrating from product to service and now, from embedded to cloud. 
 Our traditional competitors have taken a very different path over that time and focused on very different things than PTC. So our strategy of adding value in this new world of smart-connected products has become very unique to PTC. And our customers increasingly see PTC as one of their top strategic business partners. 
 The major investments in ALM for the smart part of product development, SLM for the after sales service optimization, and now, IoT for connectivity, which for the first time ever, gives customers true close-loop product lifecycle management. We at PTC are more than 5 years and $1 billion of investment ahead of our traditional PLM competitors in this world of smart-connected products. 
 We believe that forward thinking manufacturing companies are beginning to appreciate how important it is to have a strong partner and a trusted guide, who can help them to transform and modernize their strategies and processes accordingly. 
 In our first 90 days of owning ThingWorx, we've generated a tremendous amount of customer interest, activity and pipeline. There are now more than 100 significant ThingWorx opportunities being actively worked, with more than half of them contributed by PTC at large firms in the first 90 days that we've owned the company. 
 In Q2, we even closed our first field PTC deals that start to finish sales cycles that ran within the quarter. Customers understand that the strategy of using Internet of Things technology closed the loop on product lifecycle management, really does transform the way their products are created, operated and service. Because this message resonates within executive audience, we've had little trouble calling high and working top-down. But perhaps most exciting, the feedback in the ThingWorx technology is universally positive, which means the bottoms up approach with the technical experts is working quite well till. ThingWorx is a well-architected product and there's nothing quite like it in the market today. Many long-timers at PTC say this situation is reminiscent of the early days of Pro/ENGINEER, back in the late 80s, early 90s, where interest levels are high, and nearly everybody who saw the product wanted to buy it. 
 Remember though, they were starting from a small acquired revenue base, but we're working with customers to prove out a brand new technology for the first time in their business. And then we're primarily using a subscription revenue model. Therefore, our goal in the near term is to generate pipeline and bookings and capture customer projects and market share. 
 As we've suggested previously, the impact on revenue will not be that significant in the back half of fiscal 2014, but we expect the bookings to continue to grow quickly and revenue to follow as we get into fiscal 2015 and beyond. 
 With ThingWorx, primarily following a subscription model and our new managed service business also following a subscription model, we're building our growing portfolio of subscription-based businesses that are distinct from our support or maintenance business. These areas represent our faster growing part of our business, overall, particularly at one tracks customer acquisitions of bookings rather than revenue. Because a majority of our overall business uses the traditional license and support model, the perpetual model, we believe it's appropriate to stick with that model for financial reporting. But as these new subscription growth businesses take on a larger slice of the overall PTC pie, it's likely they will consider adding subscription bookings to our guidance and reporting miles at some point in the future in order to provide better transparencies to what's going on in this exciting part of our business. We'll consider that as we prepare for fiscal 2015. 
 In summary, I hope you can stand that we feel good about the business in the long term and in the near term, we're balancing our optimism about the pipeline with an ongoing need to be cautious due to economic concerns in Asia and perhaps, elsewhere. But at the midpoint here of fiscal 2014, we're certainly on track to meet or probably even exceed the original goals that we laid out going into the year. 
 So to close out, in response to a lot of inbound investor interest, I'd like to remind you that we're hosting an Investor Relations webcast at 10:00 Eastern Time on Monday, May 5, to respond to a high level of interest in ThingWorx and PTCs new IoT strategy. So during that approximately hour-long call, we're going to provide a deeper look into our strategy and then we'll provide several online demonstrations geared to show you how PTC will use the ThingWorx technology to help our manufacturing customers transform their business for this exciting new world. I look forward to having many of you join us again at that event. 
 And with that, I'll turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Glidden, for a few of his comments. 
Jeffrey Glidden: Well, thank you, Jim. As Jim said, we're pleased with our financial results for the second quarter. Revenue improved to $329 million and non-GAAP operating profit increased 27% to $80 million. However, a higher tax rate in Q2 of '14 resulted in non-GAAP EPS growth of 17%. 
 As previously discussed, we expect our fiscal '14 tax rate to be approximately 25% as compared to 21.6% in fiscal '13. This higher tax rate is principally due to a shift in mix of geographical profit, driven largely by an increase in revenue from our U.S. operations.  In addition, our fiscal '13 tax rate was benefited by the reinstatement of the U.S. R&D tax credit by Congress for both 2013 and 2012. 
 Our Q2 non-GAAP operating margin increased by 440 basis points to 24.4%. This increase is attributable to continued expense management discipline, coupled with higher gross margins in our global services operations. 
 We continue to have very good cash collections from our customers, and generated $111 million in cash flow from operations. We ended the quarter, with cash of $270 million, paid down $50 million of debt and repurchased $40 million of PTC stock. 
 Clearly, a highlight has been the acquisition of ThingWorx, which was completed on the first day of Q2. In January, we expanded our credit facility to $1 billion and extended the maturity into 2019. So all in, we completed another very busy quarter and a productive quarter. And at the mid-year, we have delivered earnings per share of $0.98 for the fiscal first half for a year-over-year increase of 26%. 
 Now looking ahead to our outlook for Q3 and the full year. Macro indicators suggest that we're in the early stages of an economic recovery with improvements expected from manufacturing output in the U.S. and Europe, with continued softness and uncertainty in the Pac Rim. Given this background, we expect Q3 revenue to be in the range of $325 million to $340 million, and we expect to deliver non-GAAP EPS of $0.48 to $0.52. 
 For the fiscal year '14, we have increased our full year guidance by $5 million, and we have increased our non-GAAP EPS to a range of $2.05 to $2.15. 
 Again, we appreciate you joining us today. And I will now turn the call back over to James Hillier. 
James Heppelmann: Thank you, Jeff. Rowan, we're now ready to begin the Q&A process. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Sterling Auty. 
Sterling Auty: Given the commentary around ThingWorx, can you give us a little bit more detail in terms of the contract structure. You mentioned subscription, but what do you think the average contract lengths based on these early discussions might look like? And secondarily, based on the interest that you're seeing so far, what is the type of environment that ThingWorx is going into? Meaning, is there a particular type of technology that you're already seeing a trend that's embedded on the products that ThingWorx will actually kind of manage the data coming back off of? 
James Heppelmann: Good questions, and good morning, Sterling. So first of all, on the contract length. If you look at the deals that are closing in the ThingWorx world, they tend to be either 1- or 3-year subscriptions. Prior to us, a quarter in the company, they were signing people up for 1-year and we said, wouldn't it be a better idea to sign them of for 3? So they switched to that model without much pain. So sort of was 1 shifting to 3. What we tend to have in terms of contract size is a of proof of concept projects. People are excited but they need to go do something, shopping around the company, show it to their boss, et cetera, to do a bigger project. While there are some companies who have been doing connectivity for a while, maybe under the heading of condition monitoring or something like that and these people I think, can move more aggressively because they say, hey, that's just a better tool to do something we're already doing at scale. But there's a lot of projects that are, just to be clear not huge but if we win those projects, we then become the vendor that grows with them as their program grows over time. So not huge contracts, typically, but important sort of design wins, if you will, that lock us into their business going forward and then take in over a period of 36 months, if it's a 3-year commitment. In terms of where they're coming from, definitely, the sweet spot right now is industrial. Our company buys some things on the edges, maybe some electronics, maybe some commercial vehicles, things like that, but typically, expensive business-to-business type assets that live for a while and need to have routine service and maintenance and monitoring and so forth. So equipment, HVAC, elevators and escalators, electronics, stuff you'd find in a big data center and then trucks, buses, things like that, that similarly need to be monitored and maintained and so forth. So that's kind of that -- it's probably the tip of the spear. Those people are mostly eager to get going. I think that the big automotive companies are all formulating strategies but of course, they need to be a lot more careful about it, and they are taking their time and trying to decide what's going to be proprietary and what do they want to buy for the market and so forth. So they're probably a step behind. 
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then my one follow-up question would be you called out both extended PLM and SLM. In particular, the extended PLM, can you give us a little bit more insight into where you saw the pickup in strength and the pickup in demand within the extended PLM portfolio? And if you think that's sustainable from here? 
Jeffrey Glidden: Yes, a lot of it was follow-on deals with the customers that have already purchased with us. We see extensions in PLM per se, that would be the Windchill, as well as extensions and add-ons with ALM and with some of the other quality programs and so forth. So, I'd say, large customers really, I think with a higher level of confidence, Sterling, that's fine, we've got a couple of additional deals that became megadeals that upsized during the quarter and was really reflective of customers being more confident about extending what they already have and then looking at adjacent revenue streams. 
James Heppelmann: Yes, just to add a couple of comments without naming names. I'd say, like large European automotive firm OEM gave us a pretty substantial expansion. A large German industrial company gave us pretty substantial, relatively new order. I mean, we had done a little bit in the company, but the whole company committed to this technology going forward. A large U.S. automotive supplier gave us a very substantial order, again, that was an expansion of the program we had started sometime ago. So this sort of follows the pattern that sometimes, the first order isn't that large but like in the case of this U.S. automotive supplier, you circle back and you get a couple more pretty substantial orders over time as this thing spreads across more users, more divisions, more functionality and so forth. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets. 
Matthew Hedberg: Really, I like to see the growth in CAD, I think the third straight quarter as you mentioned the growth there. Can you remind us again where we are in the Creo upgrade cycle and maybe talk a little bit more about when a large customer, say Caterpillar, migrates to Creo, what that means for the ecosystem of that particular customer? 
James Heppelmann: Yes. Well good morning Matt. and that's a good and interesting question. So I think at the last earnings call, we said we were sort of at that tipping point, the 50/50 point, now we're at, let's call it the 60% point or so. Where the majority of customers are now on Creo. And I got to tell you, I mean, our Creo R&D team has really done a fantastic job because customers who go through this migration process are so happy with both the result that they have when they're done but also the process of going through it. I mean, more than one customer have told me this is the single best major technology migration we've ever done. Because it was not very painful and everybody is so happy. So in fact, Caterpillar has gone to Creo 2.0 and they're pretty happy with it. Pretty good results and so to your question, what happens is that Caterpillar says to the supply chain hey, suppliers, we're using Creo 2.0 now and please upgrade yourselves because while we can take your Pro/ENGINEER data and use it, you can't take our Creo data back into Pro/ENGINEER. It's sort of forward compatible, not equally reverse compatible as is typically the case in software. So then all of the Caterpillar suppliers upgrade. Now, it turns out that a couple of quarters ahead of Caterpillar, John Deere did the same thing. So suddenly you now get the whole industrial vertical, both the OEMs and suppliers starting to count out all converge on a Creo environment because it's just better for everybody. And again, it's a good story because people are pretty happy when they get there. That's not always been the case with technology in general and it's quite frequently, not been the case with CAD migrations in our industry. So for us that really unlocks then this upsell opportunity with all the new stuff. 
Matthew Hedberg: That's great. Thanks, Jim. And maybe for Jeff, the service margins are impressive, I think they're almost 19%. I know you talked about targeting at least, I think you said greater than 15% for fiscal '14. Clearly, you're beyond that now. Can you remind us where those you can get to longer term? And then I think even more importantly, how much of more services revenue can be offloaded to the partner ecosystem? I know that's been an issue in the past. 
Jeffrey Glidden: Well, so a couple of things. The long-term target that we put out there is to get to 20 points, 20% margin in the services business and as we said before, to continue to build out the partner ecosystem really to give the customers more choice and that's also a piece of our enhancing our margin business. I just want to make a comment on the quarter, it was an excellent quarter. There were some discrete items in the quarter that caused the margin to be higher than we had anticipated, and so I just feel a little bit cautious we're going to -- we're pretty -- fairly comfortable, we'll get to 15 points this year, for the full year I think there's some upside to that, Matt. But almost 19% was an unusually strong quarter. We're very pleased with it. But we'd be a little bit more cautious on the next couple of quarters in terms of the outlook. But I think very confident about building that, I think, Matt Cohen has taken over that business. He's a great leader and will continue to very strongly drive to those goals and beyond. 
James Heppelmann: Hey Matt, Jim here. If I could just add. Within the mix, we're talking about a service business that overall is going to have slow growth to little growth. If you break that into some segments, it -- as we reported, it includes this managed service business, which is really subscription revenue. But we need to put that in one of our reporting lines and it's not maintenance, it's not license, so that's where it ends up. So that, we'd like to grow fast. And then there's also an education business, e-learning and training and so forth. And that's a high-margin service business we quite like and we like to grow there fast. So inside a -- the third element just to be clear is let's say, it's in the professional services consulting fees. So inside an overall business that's flat to low growth, you got 2 elements we're trying to grow fast and one that's quite frankly is declining in size intentionally as we offload that to the partners because that's a little low-margin piece that we'd like to continue to farm out to an ecosystem. So that's the way we think about it. If you look at the all-in number, little bit of growth. If you were to break it into the constituent pieces, 2 things growing, one shrinking by design. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ross MacMillan from Jefferies. 
Ross MacMillan: When we look at the data on large deals for the last 3 quarters, it's been really, really strong. I think this quarter was up 35% and I think on average, over the last 3 quarters, up 20%. So obviously, growing much faster than the group average, if you will. Can you just describe maybe the dynamics that are driving that? And if we sort of look below the large deals, what's happening in the sort of core ramp up business? And is there something changing in your model or is there some reason why we got this dynamic that's playing out right now? 
James Heppelmann: Yes. Thanks, Ross, and good morning. So, I mean, the main dynamic is playing out right now is the economies getting better. And that causes deals to get larger. Now if you look at this large deal activity and the discussion about 3 megadeals and so forth, let me first say for everybody's benefit that we define a megadeal as greater than $5 million. So if it's $4.9 million, it's not a megadeal. If it's $5.01 million it is a megadeal. All 3 of these megadeals were just barely over the line. So they weren't $10 million, $15 million deals, they were small megadeals, if you will. If you look at the data in the prepared remarks that we sent out, if you compare year-over-year, you can actually see the average deal size of the large deals is down slightly, which tells you that the real strength wasn't the megadeals, but it was in the lot of between $1 million and $5 million deals that would fit into this category. If you look sequentially, it's up just a little bit and then of course, year-over-year, the count I'm talking about here, year-over-year, the count is up nicely. I attribute that to the economy, because when the economy is difficult, we'll press to get the deal done even if it's smaller size. Okay, you can't do that deal, can you do a deal half that size and so forth. When the economy gets better, people feel a little better about spending money. They tend to agree that let's make this deal a little bit bigger because I have some budget and it's good time to use it and so forth. So I think it's mostly the economy that does this. I think if you look at the strength in big deals and then you look at the category below it, you could say, well, there appears to be less deals in the category below it. I would say only because a bunch of them migrated into the big deal category. So personally I don't think there's any issue here. I think it's all goodness. We actually do like big deals and megadeals, I want to remind everybody. We try to be careful around how do we guide and so forth, but I don't want anybody to think we don't like big commitments, mega commitments and so forth. That makes for a great company when our customers say, hey, I really do want to get married and move in with you. So we do like that concept. We just have to be cautious about when we give you guidance what are our assumptions about a couple of big deals closing or not closing such that, if we're wrong, or the timing is slightly different than we don't disappoint you. 
Ross MacMillan: That's very helpful. That makes a lot of sense. A couple of quick follow-ups. Just one on the CAD business and Creo. We've seen that license growth for the last 3 quarters. What -- aside from basically, I guess, the question is should we see any change in support revenue growth or support attached or seat growth? Or do you think that's really more in this sort of consistent level that it has been for some time, specifically on the CAD business? 
James Heppelmann: Yes, I think, our Q2, first of all, is always a seasonally weaker challenged quarter for our support business in general. But I think we do expect to see modest seat growth in the CAD business. Again, I think our operating is pretty strong right now. And it's not just for design but right now, if you watch Airbus put together airplanes or Embraer put together airplanes, they may model the components and CATIA, but when it's time to do a digital markup, the software they use is called Creo. And that's expanding in the Beauvias and we've talked about our win at EMEA and so forth. So more and more truck companies automotive companies, if you watch Honda put cars together, half of the car is modeled in Creo, half of it's modeled in CATIA, maybe even 1/3, 2/3, but when it's time to say what that entire car look like? All that stuff comes into Creo. So I think that we're starting to get some mojo back in our CAD business. Don't want to get ahead of ourselves because it's still a mature market. But the question is can we hold our own in this mature market? I'm feeling better about that on the strengths of how good this Creo product really is as compared to the predecessor Pro/ENGINEER. 
Ross MacMillan: That's great. Last one. Just on ThingWorx. I heard you described that business model as a subscription model. What are the -- how do you price the product? What are the things that determine how you scale with the customer from a pricing perspective? 
James Heppelmann: Yes, Ross, that's a great question. So ThingWorx is principally priced according to how many things are connected and how many people are connected. So in one deployment, you might have 10,000 connected things and 100 connected people. In the next deployment you might have 100 connected things and 10,000 connected people. It all depends on the nature of the business. So that's the basic model. Now where it gets a little tricky is if those 10,000 things are jet engines they're having one discussion, and if those 10,000 things are toothbrushes, you're having another discussion. So it ends up being a bit of negotiation to kind of take that pricing model, which people generally agree with, but sort of adjusted to the practical realities of the situation at hand. So -- but that's the basic approach. 
Operator: The next question comes from Yun Kim from B.Riley & Company. 
Yun Kim: Following up on Matt's question before Ross. So where are we in terms of traction with large system integrated from sales perspective? Are we getting to a point where they may be potentially coming to you with opportunity? Or are we still at a point where they're just simply helping you out with a closing of the largest opportunity out there? And also, in that regard, how much of your large deals were influenced by system integrators? 
James Heppelmann: Yes. Good morning Yun. Another interesting question. I think you got to look at the different elements of our business. If you look at PLM, Well, let's first just take off CAD. System integrators don't play a role in the CAD business, there's not much services to be done. But if you move to extended PLM, there's a substantial amount of services that can be done. I think in PLM, because that market's sort of middle-aged, let's say, not mature but not nascent either. I think the system integrators by in large, want to be neutral. They want to tell the customer, you pick the technology, I'm happy to deploy it. I think though if you switch to some of our newest stuff, like SLM and Internet of Things, we're starting to see a different behavior. System integrators would love to be our preferred partner for SLM because that's a highly differentiated story. And similar thing with IoT or even if you want to just call it connected SLM or something like that, I think there's much more interest there. So I think that they're probably following us in the core business of extended PLM, and more helpful in helping us beat the bushes and drum up business in SLM and prospectively, in IoT. 
Yun Kim: Okay, great. And Jim, do you see any interest from customers regarding the ThingWorx business from deploying it from a cloud or hosted model perspective? And if that's the case, do you see yourselves building a little data center to support that? 
James Heppelmann: Another interesting question. So I think most, more significant customers don't want that. And the reason why is, let's say, you're a large equipment manufacturer. The data coming off your equipment is highly valuable. And most people want to bring that data right into their data center, own it, control it, whatever. So to be frank, most customers appreciate the fact that this is software, not cloud because if it was cloud, they'd actually push back and say, "I'm not giving you my data." And if it's not their own data center, they outsource it to Amazon or something like that. They're not looking for a cloud, they're looking for analytics and application capability to put in their cloud. Incidentally, we're not that far away from Splunk, who also has a similar model, selling software that you put into your cloud of choice. Now that said, all that said, we do anticipate there will be some probably minority in the near term, but we'll see over time. Some set of customers who would like a hosted solution. And as you know, we have this manu-service [ph] business now that's doing both SLM and PLM, so there is actually an effort underway to prepare an offering for ThingWorx in the cloud, if people want that. I'm just telling you from my own experience being on dozens of sales calls, I'm not -- amongst the bigger companies seen a lot of pull for that yet. 
Yun Kim: Okay, great. That's sounds very good. And Jeff,  deferred revenue came in very strong than normal, I think the sequential increase is almost doubled the historical rate. Is that simply you're going to buy better renewals in maintenance business or was there some one-time item in there? Or anything? 
Jeffrey Glidden: Yes. So renewals are very good. One of the things that's a little funky is in the quarter, our quarter last quarter, prior quarter, ended on December 28. There's a bunch of renewals that occur on the 31st or the 30th. Those actually land in our second fiscal quarter. So if you looked at it, we were sequentially, we were down in deferred a bit at the end of Q1 and I said, "Don't worry about it, it will come in strong in January." And that's exactly what we saw. 
Operator: The next question comes from Raimo Lenschow. 
Raimo Lenschow: Just briefly, if you -- if I look at the number of sales guys you talked about that you were kind of slightly below par and I saw in this quarter, now you start to ramp up again, how do you think about the ramp up on the sales force now as you go for a year, especially given your comments that the economy is getting better? So what's the kind of discussion you have on kind of expanding a little bit on the sales and marketing line again? 
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, we did mention last quarter that we had sort of accidentally fallen a little behind, and there has been a push to begin the process of catching up and some progress has been made. Raimo, what I would say though is we need to balance that with our aspirations around improving sales productivity as part of our aspirations around improving our operating margin. For us to get to the sort of, let's say, 28% to 30% operating margin targets that we've talked about, we need a little bit more sales productivity. We've actually had quite a bit in the last 4 years or so, but we need a little bit more. So I think what you should expect is that we would be growing sales capacity slightly less rate than we're growing revenue, license revenue in particular, with the difference being improvements in productivity. 
Raimo Lenschow: Yes, okay. So where -- if you think about the productivity, where in -- are you at, I know how difficult it is to put a percentage number on like would you see that, like how much room is there for our productivity increase? 
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, I think we give you the data that you can reverse engineer productivity we give you a number of sales reps, should give you license revenue. If you go around that map and compare it to our peers, there's ample room for productivity improvements. 
Raimo Lenschow: Yes, okay and peer, you would -- you look more at the kind of the direct industry peers or more of the software? 
James Heppelmann: More -- let's say, particularly enterprise software peers, but you can even think of blended average. If you compare us to some desktop peers and allocate 40% of our business to that, and compare us to enterprise peers and allocate 60% of our business to that, that's kind of the way we tend to look at it and you'll see that we're substantially below average at this point and therefore, ample room for improvement. 
Raimo Lenschow: Yes. And then the other question I had is on the PLM side, so the double-digit license growth again, which is kind of great to see. And if you look into the rest of the year or like if you look at the outlook, you obviously mentioned already like the economy, people are getting happier due to bigger projects again. Are there any other factors like renewals of volume license deals, et cetera, the kind of could play a role here as well that I should be aware of? 
James Heppelmann: Well, I think, the biggest factor is the economy, the second biggest factor is a good product that customers like. I think that other -- big deals come and go, and if we have a renewal, we'd certainly try to leverage that. But that's not leverageable if you don't have an opportunity to deliver some real value and you haven't proven yourself and so forth. So I'd say, yes, compelling event to go -- try to get a transaction done in a given quarter or whatever. But that's no basis to buy software if the customer doesn't feel like they like the software and are getting great value from it. So that to me is a factor. I wouldn't consider it to be a primary factor. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Jim, I'd like to follow up on Raimo's question on a moment ago about sales capacity. At the analyst meeting in December, you gave a nicely detailed table showing your capacity by region and functions such as FPL and PV and so forth. To the extent you do add in sales capacity, in which functional or geographic area do you think you might tend to add, relatively more? And on the productivity question, how do you tend to balance not overweighting or underweighting a particular product area or part of the company. Historically, PTC has had a bit of that issue where sales may overweight a focus on one area underweight in another and that some times, historical has affected your productivity. And lastly, on the distribution question, with respect to channel, you brought in some new channel management about 6 months or so ago. Is there anything in the works that might change the revenue profile of the Channel business? Is there any thought been given, perhaps, to unwinding some of the changes you made 2 years ago vis-à-vis the channel? 
James Heppelmann: Okay, Jay. That was a series of questions. I'll do my best, and we'll have to circle back for another loop. So first of all, if you look at our sales capacity, I mean, Jay, you've known the company for a long time. What I would say is over the last let's say, 5 years for sure, we've become a lot more analytical, we use a lot more data for planning and so forth. What got us in trouble more than if you go back farther than that, actually, was one big generic sales force that sold whatever they wanted and in some years, they sold a lot of PLM and forgot to sell CAD and a couple of years, they sold some CAD and so forth. So we become much more analytical and good credit here to Jeff and his finance team. To say where the growth opportunity. And how should our capacity be deployed not by zip code, but by covering the right growth opportunities. And so I think, what you saw at that December 5 event, I believe, it was, was a some segmentation happening in our sales force where we said we've got some really great, let's call them house accounts, we should have very senior account managers who can sell everything we have to that customer because the customer really prefers one face if they're strategic. But at the same time, then, we need some people selling CAD and PLM and we need some people selling our service offerings and now, I would say some people selling our Internet of Things offerings. So we're trying to be a little bit thoughtful as to where would we put this capacity. So if I kind of just generalize it now, one place you're going to see a lot of sales capacity come online is in the Internet of Things space. And that's going to come in -- the ThingWorx organization who's selling to the broader market. And I think in the PTC organization, that will come into our full product line and our service sellers because that's sort of the best place to start, the best application our Internet of Things is hey, if you could close the loop on the products and monitor the operation and the condition of the product, the first thing you do is change your service strategy. So there's this tight linkage and second thing you'd do, by the way, is begin to evolve the design of your product differently. But this first thing is a good linkage between IoT and SLM. So I think you're going to see us say as it relates to the Direct guys, could we maybe even have a PLM guy to pick up of couple of extra accounts, free up somebody to go penetrate new SLM and IoT opportunities. But we need to have pretty disciplined segmentation in our sales force so that these people actually play the positions we've assigned them, which I think we now have. As it relates to the channel, we did bring in some new talent. They have been very encouraging, let's say. We haven't changed the world yet, but that changes formulating itself. I think the biggest thing that working on right at this moment is just better operations. For example, we don't yet have the channel in salesforce.com. That's troubling to me because when I'm looking at that pipeline data that issue guidance, I have it for the Direct business. I don't have it for the Channel business. That's just 1 big fat plug. So I wish we had greater transparency. I wish we did a better job by handing off marketing leads into the channel and running those down to, did they generate revenue or not and so forth. So there's a lot of operational things then I think following that, we'll look for some strategic tweaks but we got some operational work to do first? 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Understood. With respect to ThingWorx, at the Microsoft Developers Conference, a few weeks ago, there were number of sessions hosted by Microsoft on Internet of Things. And while PTC and ThingWorx weren't explicitly mentioned, a lot of the technical language was very similar to what you say in terms of their technology being used, for example, as a development platform, they spoke about communications backbone, backbone monitoring data streams and all of that. So the question is how do you see them and Intel, which was also at the conference, either as partners or perhaps competitive offerings from any of the same kinds of tools and platforms and so forth, that you speak off? 
James Heppelmann: Yes. So the first thing is neither of those companies I would consider to be competitors at all. If you look at what ThingWorx does and please do join us for the upcoming event, we'll make that clear. Microsoft and Intel don't have products like that. They have products lower in the technology's stack. So for example,ThingWorx, sits on top of a database. Microsoft saying, "Hey, you could use our database technology for that." So I did look through that -- I didn't attend the event you attended but I did scan through the press release and the announcement they made and so forth. And what I took away from that is Microsoft saying, we have a lot of technology that could play a role in the Internet of Things. And here's our deal for how all of this technology we have could be meaningful. What they didn't really say is that we have a specific Internet of Things offering that's going to blow your socks off, and that's what PTC is saying, or you could use PTC's technology ThingWorx on top of some of that Microsoft infrastructure and everybody's happy, and then there's other infrastructure if you want other than Microsoft. And quite frankly, a lot of their stuff is more big data oriented Hadoop and stuff like that, then it is SQL server-based. But customers will make those kind of choices as they go. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: All right. If I could just squeeze one more in. With respect to the base number and I think Ross or Raimo asked this earlier, but is the sequential flatness in the CAD and SLM and PLM base count numbers largely a seasonal function or within the CAD number for example, are you seeing some erosion in the non-Pro/E part of that base where there's other older products that you acquired, is that where you seeing perhaps some erosion? 
James Heppelmann: Yes. I'm glad you asked that question because, I'm sorry, I was thinking you were asking a different question about deal size. You're on seat count. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yes. 
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, I think we feel like this is sort of seasonal trends. I think, if you look at the 243 number, it's down a small bit from the previous quarter. It's up versus the year-ago timeframe. If you go back it's up versus 2 years ago. 
Jeffrey Glidden: If you looked at that Q2, year ago, it went down slightly. So I think, we'd look at that as kind of seasonal. I think Jim's described particularly on Creo, the adoption of 2.0, the benefits of that so I think, we feel overall quite confident in it but I would describe it -- I think we did describe it as largely a seasonal shift just Q2 over Q1. 
James Heppelmann: Yes, Jay, in the meantime, I found a little bit more specific data here, that'll also be helpful so let me share that. If you look at the core Creo, that is the stuff that used to be called Pro/ENGINEER. That number's up, sequentially and it's up substantially year-over-year, up 6,000 seats year-over-year. What there is attrition in is some other stuff, CADs and maybe a little bit of attrition in the CoCreate base and some of those people are trading because they're flipping over to Creo and so forth. So I think that's what you see is the core business, pretty strong, some of the legacy stuff trading a little bit and maybe some of that legacy is trading simply because it's converting over to the core stuff. 
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Koenig from Wedbush Securities. 
Steven Koenig: Just 2 pretty quick ones here. First is you commented last quarter on close rates. You'd seen them weakened a little bit from Q4. How did they trend this quarter and where do you see those going? And then I have one follow-up. 
James Heppelmann: Yes, Steve. So close rates actually weren't much better this quarter. In fact, it might have even ticked down a little bit. So we felt like strong pipeline, our guidance said be careful, prudent guidance with the right way to look at it. That's kind of how we're looking at Q3 and Q4, as well. If close rates were to be stronger, we could do better but we're not ready to believe yet that they will be. 
Jeffrey Glidden: Yes, another way we look at is maturity of the pipeline and we're doing better as Jim said, having salesforce.com and that information is very helpful. And when we look at the total pipeline, that's always very interesting because that's really forward-looking. Maturity is what actually closes in a current period. And I think we are encouraged by the total build and as the pipeline matures, the close rates of that mature pipeline is probably the key. So it's not one dimension in terms of calling what the close rate is. 
Steven Koenig: Okay. So I guess the follow-up, my follow-up there would be how do you reconcile kind of the weaker close rates with your observations and inferences about your large deal count increasing due to a better economy? Help me reconcile those 2 things, and then the follow-up I was going to ask as well, what is your pipeline look going forward as far as large deals are concerned? 
James Heppelmann: Yes, Steve, I'm not sure I have the complete answer. I mean, I think that the better economy has definitely manifested itself in the strong pipeline. The close rate, I would expect it to be higher. I think it probably was if we look at it regionally, and I'm sorry, I don't have that data in front of me. I would anticipate it was actually higher in North America and Europe and probably we gave up some ground in Japan where some deals slipped out of the quarter, and in Asia-Pacific for reasons I previously mentioned. We're not talking about massive changes in close rates here. But a couple of percentage points actually matters a lot. If you're trying to have $3 in the pipe for every $1 in the forecast, then if you're close rate goes up by a percentage point or down by a percentage point, it starts to matter in a meaningful way. 
Steven Koenig: And what are you guys seeing looking forward in the pipeline, as far as large deals are concerned or potential upsizing of deals that are there? 
James Heppelmann: Yes. I think we've been consistent all along that we have a good pipeline of large deals for the year. We've always said it's difficult to know for certain which quarter they will come in. But that we had sort of more than 2 handful of fingers worth of big deal opportunities in the pipeline. But we still do, in fact, I think at least 1, maybe 2 of the so called megadeals we got last quarter actually weren't in the pipeline as megadeals, they just grow during the course of the quarter into that size just across the line. But I think, we feel like we have a pretty good pipeline in the back half of the year. And again, we're trying to find the right balance of optimism and conservatism, so that we don't get out ahead of ourselves, but we got a lot to work with. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Williams from Evercore. 
Matthew Williams: I just I'm curious around ThingWorx and as you're getting into discussions with customers. How ready are these customers from, I guess, from a technological standpoint and from a capability standpoint, to really try and harness what ThingWorx brings to the table? And I guess along with that, how much sort of evangelizing are you guys doing around sort of the capabilities and what's possible with ThingWorx? 
James Heppelmann: Well, there's a huge amount of interest, let's start with that. So when we call up people and say, "Can we come talk to you about it?" They say, "Oh boy, that's timely," because we just had this internal strategy meeting and so forth. Down in New York City, I think it was 2 weeks ago, we had a forum where we invited a dozen CEOs, and so a dozen CEOs flew in from all over, in this case, the U.S. to talk about what does the Internet of Things mean to a manufacturing company? And these were big name companies, big name CEOs. So that's the kind of attention we can get here. I mean, if I ask a dozen CEOs to come learn about CAD, they say, "I'm busy that day." But they're pretty darn interested. And they came and we've had another -- we had a forum here in the Boston area, a couple months ago, I'm trying to remember if it was March, probably February, I guess it was. And it was dramatically oversubscribed. I mean, we feel kind of bad because we had far too many people in the room and it was crowded, and the sound wasn't right and so forth. Again, a lot of interest. So let's start with that. A lot of interest. Now the truth is, these companies understand this is important. They understand they need to do something. It's not crystal clear to them what they need to do, and I'm not even sure they're entirely ready, but what ThingWorx does is lowers the bar of entry dramatically. This is a rapid application development environment that allows a business analyst, not even an IT guy, but a business analyst, to sit down and say, "Let's try something." If we have this combination of rapid, meaning codeless kind of environment for connecting data streams into applications and you take that with this concept of Agile, which is quick iteration, we can sit down with a customer in a couple of days, we've got honest to God live prototype running. And now, they'll use that to kind of refine what exactly is their strategy because this is, this has helped them understand what's possible. Okay, so then we'll go up in the project and figure out okay, I understand what's possible, what's practical and meaningful and valuable. But at this point, we're locked in. So for us to get that first project, is what's critical because it's just like PLM or CAD, if they start with your technology you become their trusted guy, you're going to be the strategic partner if you don't stumble somewhere along the way. So that's kind of what's happening. We're in a lot of those kind of conversations. A lot of people want to talk to us. I'll share one anecdote about ThingWorx for the call here. We had a typical PTC customer, midmarket customer come to a corporate visit here in December. And this company makes scoreboards, like you'd see in a big sports arena. What's the score of the game, who's up next, whatever. And they came to talk about CAD and PLM, and they were pretty interested in SLM and we told them our vision for CAD, PLM and SLM and our thinking about connectivity. And they got pretty excited and then when we announced the ThingWorx deal, our account managers sent them the link to  the press release, "Hey, we just acquired some technology." Then you should come and tell us about it. We went in there, went through this process, created a little prototype showed it to them and that was one of these 90 days sale cycles that closed within the quarter. Now, they certainly didn't buy all the ThingWorx from us that they ultimately would buy, but they are up running the real project now that will lead to many more real projects, as they come to understand what's really possible and practical and strategic and valuable and so forth. 
Matthew Williams: Great, that's helpful color. And then maybe just one more follow-up on ThingWorx. I know the plan, at least, initially for this year, was to primarily sell it as a standalone solution. Down the road, I think the integration capabilities of some of your other offerings is very compelling. So any update around sort of what's going on behind the scenes there in terms of trying to help close the loop between ThingWorx and the PLM and SLM offerings, in particular? 
James Heppelmann: Yes. There's a lots of progress being made and its high priority within the company. ThingWorx is a very productive development environment. So it's not that it takes a long time to develop the code. It takes more time to figure out what exactly should we do. A little bit like the customer story I was telling you. But we have this large customer event, this PTC live event in this year in Boston mid-June, I think it starts June 15. We will showcase a whole bunch of connected PLM, ALM, SLM and everything else using ThingWorx. There will be a huge showcase and we're expecting a lot of attention around PLM, and that's how does IoT change PLM, and there's a separate event for SLM, and then there's a standalone event for IoT kind of all coterminous here, a standalone event for IoT for everybody else who's just interested in all the other interesting things you can do with technology like this. So certainly, put that on your calendar. That'll be a good opportunity to see kind of the public unveiling of -- what we think is going to be some pretty exciting stuff. 
Operator: We have one more question from Ben Rose from Battle Road Research. 
Ben Rose: With all the discussion around automotive, I realize that historically, it hasn't been your largest segment but could it, in fact, become the largest customer segment this year. And then just a second question around the defense component of aerospace and defense, which I know has been weak in the last year or so is that particular subsegment beginning to come back? 
Jeffrey Glidden: So Ben, this is Jeff. On the verticals, just in general comment our largest vertical is core industrial and that was a very good performance in the quarter. So we saw good movement in industrial. Probably the fastest growth was in automotive and automotive is an important vertical, and it is growing in a pretty rapid rate. I don't see it eclipsing the core industrial, but it was very strong. I would add just retail and consumer was also strong and aerospace and defense was really largely flat, maybe down slightly with aerospace being probably the commercial side, stronger and the defense side, slightly weaker. So that would be just the color I'd give you one on the verticals. 
James Heppelmann: Yes, maybe just to add, Ben. While automotive is growing nicely, it's half the size of industrial. So it's unlikely it could pass industrial in this year. Maybe longer term, but industrial is actually a real sweet spot for SLM and IoT. So I don't think that'll happen. But what I will say in our automotive business, our CAD business had some juice. Chances are, if anyone of you guys go up in a parking lot and get in your car you're starting an engine and the transmission design of Creo. So there's lot of Creo in the supply chain and then the OEMs in the powertrain side of the business. PLM, we're doing pretty well, particularly in commercial vehicles and as you know we've got this big Hyundai win a couple of years back that's blossomed nicely. And then ALM is really interesting in automotive, because automotive -- automobiles have tons of software in them the software is safety critical. We don't want to find out your antilock brakes don't work because there's a bug in some third tier set and the supplier's gone. So there needs to be very careful traceability and change management up and down the supply chain, and that's what our Integrity product was really great at -- is really great at. So Integrity, we won the ALM business at Hyundai, following our win in PLM. There's 3 by my count, European Automotive OEMs, 2 in passenger vehicles, 1 in commercial who are moving in the direction of standardizing on Integrity for ALM and so forth. So we have a very compelling story for automotive. It's just it's also very compelling for industrial. 
James Heppelmann: Okay, I think that brings us to the conclusion of the questions. So I want to thank you, all, for dedicating your time with us here this morning. A lot of great questions, a lot of good discussions. I think in summary, you sense we had a strong quarter and we feel good about the business. We feel like our strategy is more differentiated than ever. We're in a better strategic position, both relative to our customers and relative to our competitors and it feels like we've been in long time. That said, not everything is perfect in our business or in the economy, and so we're trying to continue to be cautious in the near term, so we don't get ahead of ourselves and disappoint anybody, but that's kind of the mode we're working with and we'll close out on that. So thanks a lot for joining us this morning. Goodbye. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-01-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jim Heppelmann – President, Chief Executive Officer Jeff Glidden – Chief Financial Officer James Hillier – Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Raimo Lenschow – Barclays Matt Hedberg – RBC Capital Markets Steve Koenig – Wedbush Ross MacMillan – Jefferies Matt Williams – Evercore Sterling Auty – JP Morgan Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities 
Operator:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to PTC’s First Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Results conference call. After brief comments by management, we will directly go to the question and answer session. If you should require assistance during the call, please press star followed by zero on your touchtone phone. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce James Hillier, PTC’s Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
James Hillier: Thank you, Shirley. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on today’s Q1 results and outlook call. As a reminder, today’s call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC’s products, our anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumptions of PTC’s management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC’s most recent Form 10-K on file with the SEC.  Unless otherwise indicated, all financial measures in today’s call are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measures is located in the Q1 2014 press release and prepared remarks documents on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com. With us on the call this morning is Jim Heppelmann, our President and CEO; Jeff Glidden, our CFO, and Barry Cohen, EVP of Strategy. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Heppelmann: All right, thank you James Hillier. Good morning to all of you and thank you for joining us here on our first quarter of fiscal 2014 earnings call. We’re pleased that Q1 landed in a good place with license revenue coming in near the top of the guidance range despite a lack of mega-deals. As the revenue picture settled out following our preliminary announcement, we were pleased to see the service and support businesses both come in a little stronger than anticipated, so the net result was a total revenue picture that was above the top of the guidance range. We continued to exhibit excellent discipline on spending in the quarter as expenses again came in lighter than anticipated, plus we made more progress on service margin expansion. The net result of all that was that EPS was well above the guidance range, so this past quarter we were able to demonstrate once again the earnings leverage we can achieve with our model as revenue picks up. At the same time, in my view Q1 was not an easy quarter. As we discussed at our December 5 investor event, we had a strong pipeline going into the quarter such that we were able to land a good quarter even with close rates that were a bit softer than we like to see and with a few disappointments along the way. The takeaway is that there is solid interest in our software but it is our view that the economy is not yet hitting on all cylinders, which still colors our view of Q2 and the full year. Taking a look at the business geographically, the Americas business had a solid quarter, especially given the comparison to the year-ago period, which included a mega-deal whereas this quarter did not. The European business is demonstrating good improvement with a return to growth. Japan performance was acceptable if you look at constant currency data, even though it doesn’t necessarily appear that way as reported due to significant year-over-year currency fluctuations. In China, we had a disappointing quarter, which seems consistent with a lot of other data points coming out of the technology industry. Looking across our segments, we had another good CAD quarter, particularly in license sales. I think this reflects the momentum we’ve seen building with Creo now that the base is well into the migration process and passing the 50% tipping point. At this point, you’re in the minority if you’re not on Creo. Contrary to the general experience of the CAD industry, the major upgrade from Pro/E to Creo has gone relatively flawlessly for customers because while we made major improvements to the functionality and the user experience of the product, we maintained a nearly perfect level of data compatibility. Customers come out of the upgrade generally in quite a good mood, which is helpful when talking about what they might do next. The extended PLM business more or less followed the general revenue trend of the company and moved back into positive growth territory. In my view, the SLM business did relatively well but the year-over-year comparison is a bit unfair as we’re effectively comparing a seasonally weaker Q1 now to a seasonally stronger Q4 on the Servigistic side a year ago. Keep in mind, we acquired Servigistics a year ago at the start of what was our Q1 but their Q4. At this point, Servigistics has now switched to our fiscal calendar so they effectively had only three quarters in their fiscal 2013, and therefore this past quarter was a real Q1 for both Servigistics and PTC. That’s a one-time anomaly that will wash through the system, and if you look through that, the SLM business did relatively well. The good news on revenue overall is that PTC has crossed back into positive territory in terms of constant currency organic growth, which is an important milestone in terms of our ability to deliver the plan in FY14 and beyond.  So overall, the economy remains a bit difficult and uncertain, but Q1 was a good quarter and it gave us a good start to the fiscal year, and we have a good pipeline coverage again going into Q2 and really for the balance of the year. Changing gears, I couldn’t be happier with the reaction we received on the ThingWorx acquisition. Obviously the level of buzz around the Internet of Things is very high. Internet of Things was the theme at Salesforce’s most recent Dream Force event, and ThingWorx was featured in the Internet of Things track. Internet of Things was also the theme of the massive consumer electronics show in Las Vegas earlier this month.  We received a tremendous amount of positive press and media coverage about the acquisition itself. After the announcement, we put out an invitation to industry analysts to join a briefing where we could tell the story in a bit more detail. We ended up briefing 79 industry analysts either live or virtually, which is multiple times more analyst attention than we’ve ever experienced on any other topic. The industry analysts clearly understood what we are trying to do, and I think it makes a lot of sense to them. Denise Lund, a research director at IDC, summed it up when she wrote that this acquisition was one of the most exemplary strategic moves that IDC has seen.  Customers are excited too, and of course that’s even more important. I personally reached out to around a dozen executives of Fortune 500 companies to tell them about the acquisition and all were intrigued to the point of wanting an in-depth follow-up session to learn more. This isn’t just a tool we’re talking about; it’s a way to completely transform their business.  The product itself is really special. We just completed our normal integration summit and the broader group of PTC technical leaders, who were not part of the acquisition process, were seeing the product for the first time and they were drooling over the ThingWorx technology in terms of it’s architecture, it’s functionality, and it’s usability. The general theme across R&D, sales, services and marketing coming out of that summit was that we should push forward aggressively because this is one of those rare and special situations where we seem to be in the exact right place at the right time and with the right product. I’m sure there will be many players with an Internet of Things angle, but our strategy of using the Internet of Things technology to build applications that transform the way products are created, operated and serviced is both highly valuable and it’s unmatched. I look forward to sharing more with you as this situation unfolds in the coming months and quarters.  With that, I’ll turn it over to our CFO, Jeff Glidden, for a financial review.
Jeff Glidden: Thank you. As Jim said, we’re pleased with our Q1 financial results. On January 30, we had announced that we expected to be near the high end of our revenue guidance range. As cited in our earnings release last night, we delivered revenue of $325 million with a $5 million in over-performance coming from services revenue. Our favorable revenue performance in Q1, coupled with lower spending, increased operating margins to 25%, and we delivered EPS of $0.50 for an increase of 37% year-over-year.  Turning to the balance sheet, we continue to have very good cash collections from our customers and generated $36 million in cash flow from operations. We ended the quarter with cash of $371 million as we had borrowed $110 million on our credit agreement to fund the acquisition of ThingWorx, which closed on December 30. So all in, we delivered strong financial results and completed a very strategic acquisition as we closed out the calendar year. Now looking ahead to our outlook for Q2 and FY14, macro indicators suggest a modest recovery in the manufacturing economy is likely in 2014. Most expected the first turn to be driven by consumer spending, and we are hopeful that this will translate into higher levels of industrial output and spending later in the year. Given this background, we expect Q2 revenue to be in the range of $320 million to $330 million, and we expect to deliver non-GAAP EPS of $0.43 to $0.48. For the fiscal year of 2014, we expect revenue to be in the range of $1,330,000 to $1,345,000 and our non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $2.03 to $2.13.  In Q2, we are planning to expand our credit facility from $450 million to a range of $750 million to $1 billion. We expect the terms to be substantially similar to our current facility with a maturity in 2019. During FY14, we also plan to repurchase $75 million in PTC stock and to repay $100 million of outstanding debt. Again, we appreciate you joining us today, and with that I will turn the call back over to Jim Hillier.
James Hillier: Thank you Jeff. Shirley, can you begin the Q&A process, please?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. You may ask your question.
Raimo Lenschow – Barclays: Thank you, and congrats again on the quarter and a good start of the year. Just briefly, can you talk a little bit about a dynamic you see in the market. We saw your CAD/CAM business doing better in terms of license sales, actually with some very strong gold numbers, and PLM not quite working just yet. Can you talk how you see the dynamic evolving there? Is that in CAD/CAM or Creo, or is that economic recovery in there, and if it’s economic recovery, is that kind of a lag effect between CAD/CAM and PLM? Just help us understand the dynamic there a little bit. Thank you.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, well first of all, good morning Raimo and thanks for joining us. It’s an interesting question because I think that you’re onto the right point, which is as it relates to PLM there is an economic effect. – you know, slow, modest improvement. As it relates to CAD, there’s both an economic effect and there’s a new product cycle on top of that, which is the Creo software and all the new capabilities that we can sell to a customer who goes through this upgrade process and comes out with a smile on their face. So I think that’s really why the Creo software is perhaps picking up faster. The other thing that maybe we should point out in the year-over-year comp, last year in Q1 we mentioned we had this mega-deal, and it was pure PLM, so that also made the PLM comp look a little worse. If you either back that mega-deal out or kind of normalized it to be a normal big deal, then I think you’d have seen some pretty impressive growth levels in our PLM business year-over-year. 
Raimo Lenschow – Barclays: Perfect, okay. And then just maybe one follow-up. If you look into your pipeline now, what’s the trend around mega-deals? Is that kind of something of the past, or do you see that kind of slowly coming back into the pipeline as people are feeling better about themselves? Is that something you still kind of hope you will see eventually, or is that something we should say goodbye to?
Jim Heppelmann: I don’t think you should say goodbye to them. I think we actually have a number of them that we have a bead on this year. I think we learned, I don’t know, six, seven, whatever quarters ago to be a little bit more cautious in how we plan them, how we would guide around them and so forth. So I think there are some mega-deals out there. We expect to close some of them, but I think we’re being relatively conservative because they could push, they could get downsized, what have you. But there’s a couple handfuls that we’ve got our eye on.
Raimo Lenschow – Barclays:  Perfect. Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. You may ask your question.
Matt Hedberg – RBC Capital Markets: Yes, thanks for taking my questions, and I’ll echo my congratulations on the great start to the year. On your fourth quarter call, you talked about implementing solutions that require shorter sales cycles, less services – so I guess said differently, more out-of-the-box functionality. Can you give us an update on that initiative?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, in fact that was the major focus of our sales kickoff back in early October, so we have rolled that out. It’s kind of working it’s way through the system. It takes a while because we don’t sell those solutions into they get baked into a sales cycle and so forth, so that all takes a while; but I think we’ve done a good job in moving that into the water supply, training people that this is how you should position it, here’s the value, here’s the services program that would go along with it, here’s the pricing, et cetera. So I think we’re making good progress but it really takes a while for that to kind of kick in and transform the actual deals we’re doing.
Matt Hedberg – RBC Capital Markets: That’s great. And then I guess on SLM, it was down for the first time in over a year – obviously a very difficult comp. Comps do remain difficult throughout the entire year, and I think in your prepared remarks you talked about achieving strong SLM growth this year, but that’s a business that grew, I think north of 120% last year. What sort of growth are you assuming in that business this year?
Jeff Glidden: So to comment on last year’s growth, recognize a significant portion of that was related to the Servigistics acquisition, so organically the growth was probably in the 20’s. So I think as we look at that business, we see the market growing probably in the mid-teens to 20%, and we think we can outgrow the market. So I think we feel very good. The pipeline is building. The level of activity both on the core products—and I think now with the Internet of Things, with ThingWorx, there’s a big, big play that I think is ahead of us to really accelerate that business based on what we’ve done with—what we think we can do with ThingWorx.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, maybe I could add, Matt, if you were to look at the license revenue sort of quarter-to-quarter over the last eight quarters, you would see that this quarter—like, let’s compare Q1 of ’14 to Q2 or Q3 of ’13 where we didn’t have that anomaly, and you’re looking at really strong license growth. So I think if you back out that anomaly, this was not a bad quarter, certainly on the license front which is obviously the thing that matters most.
Matt Hedberg – RBC Capital Markets: That’s great, guys. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Again, if you have a question, press star, one. Our next question comes for Steve Koenig with Wedbush. You may ask your question.
Steve Koenig – Wedbush: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I’d like to ask you guys if you can give us a bit more color on the weak close rates, maybe some granularity either geo, product, deal side – any particular areas – and what’s behind this. And then if you don’t mind, I’ve got one follow-up.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I think if you remember when we had the investor day, we talked about pipeline coverage and that we actually have pretty good pipeline coverage, so I think our guidance contemplated the idea that we could have a weak close rate and therefore still deliver a good number, because quite frankly, if you had applied a strong close rate to a strong pipeline, you’d have calculated stronger numbers than we did. So I think we were ready for that.  Now, where did it come from? I mean, all over. Probably the worst place was China, where I think deals pushed; but I think elsewhere—you know, I think some companies are starting to feel good about the economy and they’re starting to spend money. Other companies were saying, let’s close out this year without spending that money to make our numbers look a little better. So I think it’s kind of all over, to be fair.
Steve Koenig – Wedbush: Okay, great. Thanks Jim. And then I guess for the follow-up here, I’d like to ask you guys on ThingWorx, could you give us a bit more, maybe just some thoughts now on what the revenue synergy is with PLM, and to your earlier point, how could it accelerate SLM? More generally, what’s the impact on the business beyond the $5 million to $7 million immediately in ThingWorx revenue?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I think at the end of the day, ThingWorx is really interesting independently, but we’re going to use it to rework everything else we have to make that more interesting too. Let me try a quick a pass through PLM-ALM-SLM. Let’s start with SLM, because that’s the most obvious use case. The way you would service a product that you are in daily communication with and know everything about, it’s quite different than the way you’d service a product you haven’t seen in five years and have no clue what it’s status or current configuration, or how it was used or anything else. So how would you change things? Well, in the service world, you would try to move from a reactive break-fix mode to a proactive preventative medicine-type of mode. You’d try to prevent things from breaking as opposed to fix them after the fact. The second thing is when it is time to fix something or even make a preventative intervention, let’s say, you go there knowing exactly what needs to be done. Now, I don’t know, if you’ve ever been in your own home and your oven doesn’t work and you call the repair main, he comes out, he looks at it and he says, okay, now I know what oven you have. I have an idea what’s wrong with it, so I’ll be back tomorrow with all the parts. That means you’ve got to pay the guy to have spent two days, make two trips, everything. That’s just a really expensive service call. If he could have actually called you up and said, hey, I’m going to come out and do something to your oven to prevent a problem, and he shows up with everything. So trying to get to the punch line here, the way we do field service would change. The way we do spare parts planning would change. The way that we do what we call knowledge management – knowledge management is the process of going from a problem to a solution. The way we do that would change, because we would bring in al the data from the product into the process of determining what’s the root cause of the problem and therefore what should we do to solve it. So there are three or four really obvious high-value use cases in SLM. If I move to ALM quickly, you know, the really obvious high-value use case is to be able to maintain the software that’s in that connected product. I mean, if you have an automobile right now and you have a software problem—and by the way, half of the problems with automobiles right now are software problems, literally. If you have a software problem and your car is not connected, you need to bring that car to the dealer and they are going to treat it just like you have a crankshaft problem. They’re going to take the car out of your hands and they’re going to use it for a couple hours. You’re going to get a temporary car or sit in the lobby and have a donut – whatever. But they’re going to fix it in the dumbest way possible. In the new world, they’re just going to push a button or click on an icon and that software is going to be pushed down into your product and implemented, and that’s not just fantasy. I mean, that’s the way Tesla upgrades an entire fleet of automobiles all at once. It’s really incredible. So that’s coming, and that’s really Internet of Things meets ALM, which is you’re doing active management of the software in the entire fleet of products, understanding what problems there are, what security issues there may be. You’re pushing patches down, just like what happens in a data center. You know, you start to think of the car as a computer in the data center, as opposed to some remote, distant chunk of iron. In PLM, the best use cases, I think are in two areas. One is, let’s say, in requirements management to understand how does the customer actually use this product. That’s pretty informative, and today people, they start out with requirements which are sort of like a hypothesis of how the product will be used, but it’s very hard, short of putting some people, let’s say, in some kind of a laboratory, sterile environment where you monitor them. It’s hard to know what they actually do with your products. But with the Internet of Things, you’re gathering data. You know how it was used, how many hours per day, how many duty cycles, at what levels of speed and performance and whatever.  A second great PLM example would be quality management. If you think of the way that products are developed today, you have these requirements, you go through an engineering process. You maybe even product a limited production run and you test the heck out of these products because you’re never going to see them again. But what if you actually were going to continue to see them every day and you could do continuous testing? What that means is that when you went beyond the limited production run and the problems start to show up because maybe the customer is actually using it a little different than you thought they would, you’re seeing that and you’re seeing what the problems are. You’re fixing these problems quickly before you replicate them hundreds or thousands of times and then produce hundreds of thousands of warranty issues you’re going to have to deal with later. So quality management – you know, one of our solution areas is windshield quality solutions. I think that’s another great place where we’re going to be able to use this data. So I mean, that’s all really exciting, and then the customers say if I had an Internet of Things platform where I could build all the applications that are unique to my world and then park next to that on the same platform all the applications that PTC has for SLM, ALM, PLM – my God, I would have this incredibly powerful platform and I would really think about doing things differently in my business. That’s where it’s getting really exciting.
Steve Koenig – Wedbush: Great. Thanks a lot for the color, Jim.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan with Jefferies. You may ask your question.
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies: Thanks a lot, and my congratulations as well on the quarter. I just wanted to go back, Jim, on the pipeline and your approach to thinking about close rates and thinking about large deals. It certainly sounds like although the close rates were not what you would have liked to have seen, you still arrived at the high end of your license revenue range, so it strikes me that you’re taking a relatively prudent approach to close rate assumptions. I’m just curious – as you think about either Q2 or the rest of the year, what are your assumptions around close rates? Are they sort of similar to Q1? Are they incrementally more cautious? Are they incrementally a little bit more optimistic?  And then just on large deals, how do you actually think about mega-deals in your forecasts now? Are they in the forecast but at very low probability? Are they in there at all? I’m just curious as to how we should think about that as well. Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay – I’m just taking a note here on the same question. If I think about the close rates, when you were here on December 5, as I remember, we showed you a coverage rate that was greater than three-to-one. For every dollar that we’re trying to do in our plan, our guidance, we have at least $3 in the pipeline. I think I also told you at some point here that last year we closed 32% of the pipeline, so I think our plan and our guidance for the year probably actually contemplates we close less than 32% of the pipeline. Now there are some really big deals in that pipeline, and they are huge swing factors, which is sort of leading into the second part of your question.  So I mean, I think our view on the economy, it has not really changed yet. There are some promising signs. Q4 actually was—felt like a pretty easy quarter compared to Q1, so I think we’re still conservative and feel like that’s the right place to be right now until things are more consistently positive. So somewhat conservative close rate assumptions in that pipeline, in part because of the mega-deals. Now, if we go to the mega-deal second question, in the context of a given quarter, we watch a mega-deal separately and we generally have learned our lesson not to have a forecast that predicates a mega-deal being done. In fact, one of our board members, Ron Zambonini, gave me a good lesson one day when he said, Jim, there’s no such thing as a 90% deal. They go from 70% to 100, so don’t ever think of something being 90% sure. It’s either done or it’s only 70% sure because as long as it’s not done, there is actually a longer list of problems that could come out than you’re probably thinking of or aware of. So think of it that way, and that’s a little bit the approach we’ve been taking as we forecast in a given quarter.
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies: That’s really helpful. And then maybe just one quick follow-up. Great job on costs again, and I noticed your headcount in sales were down sequentially again, but you’re also saying that you’re going to be adding 20 to 30 reps as a position for fiscal ’15 and beyond. I think you’ve taken that into account in your guidance. I still calculate that you’re running maybe 10 to 15% below the productivity level of 2011, so I’m just trying to understand the thought process about beginning to hire again into direct sales capacity versus just allowing that productivity to move higher before that hiring starts, if that makes sense.
Jim Heppelmann: Can I hit the first part, Jeff, and maybe you can comment on productivity. 
Jeff Glidden: Sure, yes.
Jim Heppelmann: Just so you understand, the main reason we’re hiring more sales people right now is we’ve simply fallen under our plan. Everybody has been busy – they were busy with sales kickoff, now they’re all excited about ThingWorx and so forth, and there’s a certain amount of attrition that happens kind of on a natural, consistent basis. I don’t believe it’s abnormally high at all right now, but it’s just we’ve fallen behind in hiring. So we’ve sort of attrited down to a place we don’t want to be at. That happened to be helpful to the quarterly results last quarter, but I don’t think it’s helpful to running the business for the balance of the year or into next year, so that’s the main reason right now we’re adding headcount. It’s not that there’s some great, big growth spurt we’re planning for. It’s more that we’re simply below plan actually for fiscal FY14.
Jeff Glidden: And Ross, I’d just add that at our investor day, I think Bob Ranaldi did a great job just kind of laying out his key initiatives, and the focus has been clearly on building capacity and driving productivity. So they are related and we are going to drive productivity for the existing group, and we are going to build more capacity for the future. So both of those are really at the top of his list, and I think we’re driving those as hard as we both need to and should.
Jim Heppelmann: But just to verify a point you made, of course all of that hiring assumption is in the guidance that we’ll give you for the quarter and the year, and that we have given you.
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies: That’s perfect. Thanks so much for the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Williams with Evercore. You may ask your question.
Matt Williams – Evercore: Thanks so much. Good morning guys. Congrats on the quarter. I just wanted to spend a little bit more on the Internet of Things opportunity, and realizing it’s still very early days, I think here. But when you’re talking to customers, do they have the people and processes in place to really sort of take advantage of all the advances in connectivity and the amount of data that’s now flowing through these products? And I guess to that end, how does ThingWorx enable them to sort of capitalize on that data and, I guess, maybe just briefly relative to the competition that’s out there, how well positioned do you think you guys are?
Jim Heppelmann: It’s a great question, Matt, and good morning to you. I think right now there is a lot of people thinking about Internet of Things, talking about Internet of Things, getting that a-ha moment about the Internet of Things. That said, they’ve never done it before; however, I would tell you they are prioritizing it very, very high. I mean, there’s a Fortune 100 customer I visited in December, and he said the bad news is our earnings performance wasn’t quite what we wanted it to be this year, so we didn’t get much IT money at all for 2014. The good news is there was one $45 million project that was funded, which was Internet of Things. And that’s a little bit how I feel, is everybody is saying, we’ve got to go figure this out and we’ve better get moving. So it’s prioritized very high; that said, they’re not sure exactly what to do. So what happens is if you go try to build an Internet of Things application the old fashioned way – you grab yourself a compiler and an integrated development environment, IDE-type tool and you start writing code, oh my God, it’s a slog. In comes ThingWorx and you watch one demo of that product and you say, I would literally be 10 times more productive using that approach to build this. It just makes these visions so much more real, so much faster. It’s rapid prototyping, it’s highly graphical, et cetera. So I think that right now, ThingWorx helps in the most important way possible, which is it lowers the barrier to entry to building an Internet of Things application, literally by a factor of 10. And even when we go to companies that are already doing something, and there are a fair number of those, they look at ThingWorx and say, wow, we’ve got to switch because the way we’re doing it is just silly compared to that, so tell me more. That’s the kind of conversation we’re having right now. It’s, as you can tell from my tone here, really very exciting.
Matt Williams – Evercore: Great. That’s very helpful. Maybe just a quick follow-up if I could, and sort of switching gears a little bit to the CAD business, but in the past you’ve talked about some of the increased functionality and modules attached to Creo, and I’m just wondering – obviously the results have been much better in that business the last two quarters. Are you seeing the sort of adoption and the type of traction within some of the modules and increased functionality in that business that you expected?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. In fact, the new stuff has a much higher growth rate than the old stuff, so I think when you look at the license number that we had this quarter in CAD, for instance—and I should point that out. That’s against a weak comp from last year, so I don’t want you to think that’s the new normal; but nonetheless, it was a good quarter. If you look at where did the goodness come from, this proportion and amount of the goodness in that good quarter came from the new stuff. We’ve seen people move through that upgrade process, like I said, pretty happy how that went. Users love the new software. You know, they’re in a good mood at that point to take a serious look at all this new stuff, and then many of them end up writing a purchase order.
Matt Williams – Evercore: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Again if you’d like to ask a question, just press star, one. Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. You may ask your question.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan: Yes, thanks. Jim, I wanted to also follow up on in the commentary you just had on ThingWorx. I guess it was my impression that ThingWorx was kind of the data capture, data management application that sits on top of it, not necessarily the embedded functionality that goes in the product, whether it’s a washing machine or a refrigerator or a car, or something else. So my question is when you talk about it’s 10 times quicker, are you saying just to build out that capability? And I’m also wondering when you guys looked at the competitive landscape, is there a common embedded module, if you will, or embedded technology or a company that’s doing that side of the Internet of Things?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, okay. There’s a series of interesting questions there, Sterling. I’ll do my best to hit them. First of all, what ThingWorx really is two things. It is a platform to run—a runtime platform for Internet of Things applications, and then secondarily it’s a highly productive development environment to create those runtime applications. So if you’re looking at a product and you say, if I connected it, there is five different applications I could envision, how would I create those five applications and run them? The answer is with ThingWorx, you create the five very quickly, and with ThingWorx you run all five and serve them up to the user community. So that’s fundamentally what it does – it’s listening to these data streams that are coming off products and issuing commands to the products and so forth.  If you—maybe I’ll give an example of a fundamental application here in a minute, but then the second question you were asking is, is there any ThingWorx embedded in the actual product? And there is a module for doing that so that you can have a certain amount of smartness actually—a certain amount of application smartness running inside the product itself without always having to go back to the cloud. But that’s kind of optional. That’s not required. It’s called an edge server – you know, it lives out there at the edge in the device itself as opposed to a cloud server which lives back in the cloud. Bu that’s optional, and there’s a lot of cases where people won’t use that. ThingWorx also has a machine—the machine connectivity capability, so if there’s a question what protocols and so forth do you use to get the data from the sensor on the machine to the cloud, ThingWorx does that. Some customers already have that infrastructure, and that’s okay too because ThingWorx really is kind of agnostic as to where the information is coming from and how did it get there. In fact, it doesn’t really care if it’s coming from a sensor on a remote device or SAP. The question is how to put it all together quickly into an application. Let me give you a fun example of a ThingWorx application that’s actually outside our space but I think it helps give a sense of what’s possible here. They created with a partner a parking application in San Francisco, kind of a city pilot project, I guess. The idea was they put sensors in all of these street-side parking spots that simply indicated to a smart parking meter nearby the spot is occupied or it is not. That’s all it knows – yes or no. But that smart parking meter then is connected to the Internet, so I don’t know – maybe it’s Bluetooth to the parking meter, the parking meter somehow connected to the Internet, and that data comes up to the cloud. So there’s two really interesting things you could do. First, you can create an application for drivers that they run on their Android or iPhone device that says, I’m here – where are all the closest open parking spots? That’s actually pretty useful because you don’t just have to circle block after block after block looking for one. You just kind of go to where they are. And then to fund this, they created the application for the meter maid to say, where are all the expired meters? Because if this street has one expired meter and that street has nine, I’m going to that street because I can write the most amount of tickets and generate the most amount of revenue. Everybody wins from a simple little Internet of Things application that has nothing to do with PTC but ThingWorx would go after that opportunity, again because if you’re going to build an application for a meter maid and an application for a driver, you’re going to need to figure out how to do it, and ThingWorx is the perfect answer. On the competitive front, we don’t think there’s anything like it. That’s one of the reasons we had to pay a decent price for the product, is it’s pretty special. So other things will come along, I’m sure, but at this point in time, we’re out in front. We’re going to move fast. We’re going to invest a lot in this business, and we’re going to try to develop a really solid leadership position.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan: Got you. And maybe one follow-up for Jeff. When you look at the margin side, both in the quarter and I heard your comments about the sales heads, but would you say that we’re at a point where the savings from the restructuring that you’ve done over the last 18 months are just kind of rolling forward, or what additional efficiencies and cost savings moves are you making that maybe are not headcount, even at this point, that’s going to drive that incremental margin from here?
Jeff Glidden: Sure. So obviously the things that we did last year help set us up very much for ’14, and we’ve explained that, I think, in a positive way, so we’re starting with a lower cost base. That also gives us more room to hire the additional sales capacity, things like that we’ve talked about. The margin story – let’s go to gross margin first. We’re on that path. We are ahead of plan, and that’s positive. I think as we cited here, I think we’re in the mid-15% range. Our longer term goal is 20%, so we still have things to do and we’re working on that, so we’ll continue to drive that. I think we’d be pretty comfortable – our guidance was to get to 15% for the year. I think there’s upside in that, so we’ll continue to work it. On the spending side, we recently hired a VP of purchasing that I think is at the early stages of helping us find other opportunities and ways just to save money on things we’re already doing. So I think you know the diligence that the finance team, the management team, Christian and his team put together on this where we’re effectively looking for 10 basis points here, 50 there. So the good news is we’ve made good progress, Sterling. The even better news is there’s more ahead, so it’s really looking at spending areas and all areas, what’s critical and not, driving gross margin and driving productivity really in all areas.
Jim Heppelmann: I think, Sterling and everybody else, you should take note though that we have a plan to increase our operating margin for the full year by 300 basis points. In Q1, we were up by 700 basis points, so there were some kind of one-time anomalies in Q1 that you should realize we didn’t ever intend to carry through the full year. I mean, we’re not—our guidance doesn’t reflect that we’re going to try to raise the annual operating margin by 700 basis points – it’s 300 basis points is the target, and clearly we’re ahead of that target in Q1.
Jeff Glidden: Yes, so I would just add and say it gives us some confidence in the 25 points for this year, and clearly what we’ll do this year is also set ourselves up for improving it again in ’15, ’16 and ’17, with a long-term goal to push into the high-20’s to 30%. So I think we’ve made—we’ve committed, we’ve delivered, and we’ll continue to do that.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan: Got it. Thank you.
James Hillier: Thanks Sterling. Operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question then comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. You may ask your question.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities: Thank you. Good morning. Jim, Jeff, at the analyst meeting last month, you mentioned that yours is an 80% installed base revenue business. I think, Jeff, you made that comment. Could you talk about how that proportion of installed base versus new business has progressed over the last number of years, and more importantly, how are you thinking about that over the next number of years in terms of your long-term goals? Do you expect a material change in that mix of installed based proportionality? And then secondly for Jim, could you give us an overview of how you’re seeing conditions in end markets right now, particularly your position in markets of industrial equipment and aero and auto? And one question I’d like to ask about auto as well is we’re seeing what seems to be some improving momentum by the automotive companies in terms of investing in your type of technology, and there seems to be some of what I would call ferment among a number of the automotive companies in terms of selections and new investment. So if hypothetically there were to be some large new selections in auto, let’s say among any Japanese or German or French car companies, could you talk about the kinds of resources or investments that you might need to invest to support such a large, Hyundai-like deal or something like that to occur for you? Then a follow-up at ThingWorx.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, okay. I hope I got all this listed here. So on the installed base percentage, yes, I think you’re right – we’re 80, maybe 85% of our revenues come from customers we already know, looking backwards – you know, when you look in the rear-view mirror. When you look out the windshield, I think a brand-new picture is developing.  If you think about we had CAD and we’ve got quite a nice base, and then we had PLM and the natural way to sell PLM is to attach it to CAD. That’s kind of how the business ran for the last decade. But when you start talking about ALM, SLM, Internet of Things, who cares what your CAD and PLM system is? Now, it’s useful, very useful for us to go in there and explain to these customers why SLM and PLM have some good synergy, you maybe ought to buy them both from us if you already have PLM. But if you remember the Renault use case, I mean, let’s be fair – Renault loves Dassault for CAD and PLM, but they bought our SLM because they need SLM. There’s a great value proposition and Dassault doesn’t have it, so end of discussion – let’s go. So I think that it’s one of the themes that we talked about at our investor day – with every passing day, we look more different from Dassault and from Siemens. They’ve kind of stayed in that world of CAD, PLM, maybe gone a little deeper in 3D in the case of Dassault, maybe a little deeper into manufacturing in the case of Siemens. But as we went to ALM, then to SLM, then to IOT, they’re not following us and I don’t know why, but it’s great because that gives us ways to penetrate every account. We don’t say, well, they use somebody else’s CAD so drive on by. We say pull in and go right up to the top of the company and talk about transforming their whole business before they’re out of business. That’s a pretty interesting discussion at a very high level. It tends to be around securitization and the impact of new technologies like IOT and so forth. I think it’s kind of interesting – somebody pointed out to me a day or so ago that one of our competitors had a job listing on their website for an IOT expert to develop a strategy around IOT that might lead to R&D or M&A-type projects. I just thought it was kind of funny – we’re deep into this and they’re saying, I wonder what that is, maybe we should hire somebody to go look at it. It just sort of speaks a little bit to I think what’s happening out there, and it’s very exciting for us. Okay, second question, I think was verticals. I think the only notable thing—I’ve got to find that data her.
Jeff Glidden: Yes, I can probably jump in and Jim can add some color. If we look at verticals generally, we saw increases in really core industrial, high tech and electronics, and med devices. I’d describe automotive as roughly steady. It wasn’t up significantly in the quarter, but it’s been pretty steady at a higher rate than it was perhaps a year or two ago. The only area really of softness would be in the federal market, which would be as expected. I’d also say aerospace was lower this quarter than it was a year-ago quarter because of a large mega-deal that did close, but excepting that I’d say fundamentally that was also a pretty good business for us. But softness in federal, and the strength we just described, and steady in automotive.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities: Okay. I had that question about possibility of a large deal in auto, but we can take that offline. 
Jim Heppelmann: No, no – let me just address it at least at a certain level, because as you were asking the question, I wanted to ask you, are you talking about CAD deals? Are you talking about PLM deals?
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities: Yes, it’s more of a traditional business kind of question, Jim. It’s not the new stuff.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, okay. So I think that there are some customers out there who are thinking particularly about PLM. That’s what’s most interesting to us, so I think Hyundai did switch to our technology. Our position in Volkswagen has grown stronger. All of the Volkswagen truck families are headed our way – Scania, MAN. As you know, Volvo came our way. So we’ve been chipping away at that, and Embraer is another example of a big (indiscernible) Dassault customer who came our way. So I think that people see a notable difference in the strength of our PLM technology versus what they might get from their CAD vendor, assuming it’s somebody else, and that creates opportunities for us. Now, those things are slow to develop and mature and so forth, but no doubt having an SLM, ALM and IOT strategy is pretty interesting to these guys because keep in mind, software, it isn’t a point in time, it’s a journey. So when you buy enterprise software, you’re kind of asking two questions. One question is right now, who has the best stuff? And the second question is, how will it evolve over time, and over time will it become more interesting to me because they’re headed in the same direction that we are, or is it going to become less interesting because I’m going places that that vendor doesn’t intend to follow. If you’re talking to an automotive company and it’s all about manufacturing efficiency and/or it’s all about 3D, that’s one story. But if you’re talking to them about cars becoming smart, they’re becoming connected, you’re going to transform the way you create, operate and service them, that’s a very differentiated story. So I think that’s useful for us, but you know, this stuff takes time and we’ll continue to sort of harvest those opportunities when we get a chance to go compete for them.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities: Okay. The ThingWorx question is when we think about the broader context of what we saw, for example, at CES a few weeks ago and your comments about smart products and connected products and so forth, in addition to which you’re expanding your credit line, could you talk about how you’re thinking about investing in or partnering in the non-traditional, non-mechanical, non-apps development world? Do you think you need to have something a bit complementary that is outside of what you already have in ALM and CAD, and now with ThingWorx, to fully round out the picture either in terms of owning something untraditional for you in the portfolio, or how are you thinking about at least partnering with established companies in that world?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I think if we take ThingWorx and IOT first, ThingWorx has an ecosystem strategy. They have sort of an app store kind of concept – I’m not going to call it an app store – but for example, if you want to create an application that talks to your products but it also talks to your ERP system and to your Philips Hue light bulbs, so every time there’s a problem on the shop floor the lights in your office blink, well, it’d be nice to have a pre-developed connector to the Philips Hue light bulbs and a pre-developed connector to the SAP system and a pre-developed connector to some kind of a system that would issue alerts through text messages, and how about a system that looks at the weather and so forth. That’s the kind of thing that ThingWorx does, so they’re building a nice ecosystem of, let’s say, Lego blocks, building blocks of technology, a building block, for example, that would connect to a Philips Hue light bulb – you know, just being fun with it. That’s a literal example, though, of one that exists. SAP would be another one, Salesforce.com might be another one. You can quickly put these Lego blocks together into all kinds of interesting applications. You know, Google acquired Nest for a lot of money, and Nest is a smart connected thermostat and there is limited amount of applications. If you asked what else might you do with the data you could get from a Nest thermostat and/or the controls you could send to it and so forth, and how might you mash that together with other things? Let’s say Google wants to go to smart homes, from smart thermostats to smart homes – maybe they don’t. This is a hypothetical example. Probably the tools the Nest guys used to develop that one application really are kind of old-fashioned tools – they grabbed a copy of Eclipse and they grabbed Java and they grabbed an Oracle database, and away they went. We’re going to go show them ThingWorx and they’re going to say, you know what? If you go from one application to 100, you’re going to need a whole different approach here, and this idea of a platform, a series of pre-built connectors—and oh, by the way, applications like ALM, PLM, SLM, that’s a very interesting approach to combine the best of what’s proprietary to us and the best of stuff we’d just like to buy from somebody else and reuse. So I think that that ecosystem idea is very important there, and of course as we look at CAD and PLM, the acquisition opportunities are less numerous. As we move to ALM, then to SLM, then to IOT, they continue to just explode, so I think we’ll continue to try to cherry pick those most important pieces of technology that we want to own and have right in our technology stack as well. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities: Thanks Jim.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I’ll turn the call back over to the speakers.
James Hillier: Thank you, Operator.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay, so maybe just to close it out here, thank you all again for spending your time with us here this morning. I think we feel like this was a good quarter. We’re, as you see, being prudent, not to get ahead of ourselves, but yet at the same time there’s some really interesting things developing here. There is evidence that the economy might get better. I wouldn’t say it is better, but the vector is a good one. We’re in a good place now with our business model – you know, 25% operating margins makes things really interesting when revenue grows, as you’ve seen the last two quarters. I think from a growth standpoint, we’ve got the Creo product cycle – we’re seeing some impact from that. We have SLM. Now we have IOT. I think the people sitting here around the table on this call here at the PTC side really have never felt better about the future of PTC, so I hope some of that is coming through. We’re trying to balance that with sort of a prudent, let’s be careful, not get ahead of ourselves sort of attitude as we guide you through the balance of the year. Okay, with that, thank you very much and appreciate the time you spent with us today. Bye bye.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James Hillier James E. Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of National First Executive Advisory Board Jeffrey D. Glidden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Yun S. Kim - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to PTC's Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like introduce James Hillier, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
James Hillier: Thanks, Oland. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us in today's Q4 results and outlook call. As a reminder, today's call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products, our anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumption of PTC's management, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC's most recent Form 8-K, Form 10-K and Form 10-Q on file with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial measures in today's call are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measures is located in the Q4 '13 press release and prepared remarks documents on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com. With us on the call this morning is Jim Heppelmann, our President and CEO; Jeff Glidden, our CFO; and Barry Cohen our EVP of Strategy. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Heppelmann: Thank you, James Hillier. It's good to have you joining us here on your first earnings call with PTC, so welcome aboard. Good morning to all the rest of you who are joining us, and welcome to our fourth quarter in fiscal year 2013 earnings call. I'd like to thank you once again for sharing your valuable time with us here this morning. So I'm pleased to report that PTC delivered a solid fourth quarter, which in turn capped off a solid fiscal year 2013. Having achieved 5% constant currency revenue growth and 24% constant currency non-GAAP earnings growth in spite of a challenging economic environment, we think PTC can put fiscal 2013 firmly into the win column. When we spoke 90 days ago, we indicated that we were entering our fourth quarter with a strong pipeline of opportunities, but we had a concern that the difficult macro headwinds might decrease the close rate of deals in that pipe. As the quarter progressed, we sensed a modest improvement in the economic environment as the forecast ticked up on several occasions. The quarter ended strong, and we were able to surpass the high end of our revenue guidance on license and total revenue. Given the leverage we've created in our business model, that extra revenue allowed us to deliver substantially more earnings than our guidance had suggested. So with those strong fourth quarter results, the FY '13 year ended well, particularly when measured in terms of earnings performance. On the subject of earnings performance, I'll remind you that back in 2009, we first talked about our plan to deliver a 20% non-GAAP earnings CAGR for 5 consecutive years. The PTC team is proud that over the first 4 years of that commitment, we've actually delivered a 22% non-GAAP earnings CAGR, taking our non-GAAP operating profit from around $30 million a quarter in 2009 to around $70 million a quarter, on average, in 2013. The restructuring that we've done to our business along the way has now put us in a position to put forth a very interesting extended plan that will take us out through 2017. There were some notable highlights in the quarter. First, the strength was fairly broad based, and we delivered strong revenue without the benefit of any megadeals. Our European business showed good signs of recovery that mirrored the improved economic data that we see coming from that region. Our China and Japan results were very solid. And while our North American results look weaker, in part that's because we're comparing to what was really a blockbuster Q4 in that region last quarter -- or last year. We were pleased to see momentum in our CAD business, and though our extended PLM results as reported are unimpressive, they look a little better when you factor in the absence of megadeals that tend to power that business in its strongest comparable periods. Generally speaking, SLM did well, and while Servigistics had another good quarter, the incremental revenue strength in the quarter really came from stronger organic performance across our business segments. Looking ahead to FY '14, our guidance reflects the balance of pipeline strength on one hand, coupled with a real concern that the macro situation will muddle along or even get worse on the other hand. On the pipeline side, the rule of thumb in enterprise software is that for every dollar of revenue in your plan, you need $3 of opportunity in your pipeline. And going into FY '14, our situation is materially better than that. On the other hand, the economic data shows mixed trends, with Europe improving, but the U.S. perhaps weakening. And while the last quarter felt strong to PTC, we certainly took note that most of our industry peers and many other notable software and IT companies posted relatively weak results. So we want to avoid getting ahead of ourselves, and we provided guidance that we feel balances the various circumstances as best we can. Looking beyond FY '14, we also unveiled today an extension of our long-range plan that would take us out through fiscal year 2017. This plan will allow the company to continue to deliver superior earnings growth for 4 more years. The first key part of the long-range plan is continued expansion of the company's non-GAAP operating margin to the 28% to 30% range that begins to approach a peer average value. While the 2017 operating margin is 600 to 800 basis points higher than FY '13, keep in mind that we expect to get the first 300 basis points in FY '14, thanks to actions we've already taken in FY '13. The second key element of the long-range plan is growth. The 8% to 11% growth rate we contemplated in the plan is more than the 5% constant currency growth rate we saw in the difficult environment of FY '13, but it's in line with what we saw in the prior 3 years, during which the economy was okay, but certainly not great. During that time period, our average growth rate was better than 9%, with a few points of acquired revenue included in each year, which is more or less what we'd expect going forward. We think the 8% to 11% growth rate in our long-range plan is achievable in an improving macroenvironment with our current strategy. At the same time, here at PTC we continue to think about ways that we could increase the fundamental growth opportunity that's available to PTC, and that conversation keeps leading us back to SLM. To help you better understand where we're headed, let me take you back a few years to 2009. After 2 decades of focusing specifically on product creation software, we expanded our strategy to help customers transform the way they create and service products, so that they could have both a product and a service advantage. There were some skeptics, but we felt that this new category called SLM, was a natural adjacency and our deep knowledge of products would be very useful to optimizing service operations, just as it is for optimizing manufacturing. I think that the performance of our SLM business in the quarter and the year demonstrates that we have successfully bridged our way for the engineering world of creating products to the service department in charge of servicing them. Our SLM segment was our best performer in fiscal year 2013, and we've now completed the first year of our Servigistics acquisition, with really outstanding results. The organic part of the business is also strong, and has driven key new account wins, like the deal with Renault that we discussed last quarter. There's a couple of key reasons why we think that SLM will be an even bigger growth driver for PTC going forward. First, many manufacturing product companies are joining the trend toward servicization. That's a fancy way of saying that these companies are restructuring the relationship they have with their customers by bundling more and more service content with their product offerings. In the automotive industry, for example, OEMs now get between 1/4 and 1/3 of their revenue, and between 1/3 and 1/2 of their profit from the aftermarket services that they offer. This is a consistent theme across nearly every industry vertical we serve, and it seems that nearly everybody that PTC knows in the product business now has a service strategy to drive more revenue and profits. It's relatively easy to find companies that want to engage us in an SLM discussion, even in a difficult economic period. Second, the market for information technology to drive business process optimization in the service department is highly fragmented. Because ERP software provides a poor fit, most customers have had to patch together custom solutions and point solutions, so most of the time we find ourselves replacing tired homegrown environments. With the success we've demonstrated, PTC has a legitimate claim to an SLM leadership position measured in terms of technology footprint, customers and revenue. Not only can we successfully cross the bridge from product development in our accounts, but with this strong SLM story, we've seen time and again a new entry point into accounts, irrespective of whose technology they use upstream in product development. And offering a full solution suite in a fragmented industry not only gives us great differentiation, but it also keeps our corporate development team busy analyzing the many opportunities that exist to further expand our offering. Third, the products that we've been helping our customer create are becoming increasingly smart and connected, and in growing numbers they are coming online joining the Internet of Things, or what GE calls the Industrial Internet. This allows the manufacturer to carry on an interactive dialogue with a product, long after the product has been delivered to the customer. This approach completely transforms the way that products are serviced, and it has a profound effect on how they're created as well. Many analysts believe that the Internet of Things will prove to be an even bigger phenomenon than cloud computing. And nearly everybody agrees that the killer app will be one that monitors products and creates a highly efficient and proactive service experience. In other words, magic happens at the intersection of SLM and the Internet of Things. This is very exciting to PTC because as the SLM leader, we at PTC are in a strong position to do something really big, just as we did when the Internet and web itself became relevant with PLM, back in the late '90s. With the momentum we have to date, coupled with these larger strategic factors, we see our SLM segment living up to its promise in creating a significant incremental growth opportunity for PTC in the years to come. We're confident that this new long-range plan is achievable, and it's a plan that our shareholders will find attractive. But as with any plan that's attractive on the surface, we know you'll want to dig deeper into the underlying strategies and the planning assumptions that the plan is based on. So I'd like top put in a plug for all of you to join us at our December 5 Investor Relations Day. This event, at our headquarters near Boston, will provide a great opportunity to engage not only Jeff and I, but the broader PTC management team in discussions about the merit of our strategies and initiatives and the resulting financial plans and outlooks. On a final note, you'll probably notice we plan to change our stock ticker from PMTC to PTC on December 3. This is the final step in the rebranding away from Parametric Technology to PTC. As you know, the word parametric is a direct reference to CAD, and as our business diversified beyond CAD, we started thinking of ourselves as PTC more than a decade ago. However, we've consistently found situations where we were talking right past people who didn't realize that our PTC and their Parametric were in fact the same company. So last year, we changed the company's official legal name to PTC, which cleaned up most print and online references, and on December 3, the ticker change should remove the last vestige of confusion, and that will allow all of our energy and momentum to be focused into a single place called PTC. With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff for a few quick comments on the financials.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Thanks, Jim. Clearly, we are pleased with our FY '13 earnings performance. We expanded our non-GAAP operating profit margins by approximately 250 basis points to 22.1%. This was achieved by delivering higher gross margins, coupled with tight expense management throughout the year. And I would add that our expense planning in fiscal '13 also positions us very well to deliver increased profitability in fiscal '14. A highlight of our 2013 performance has been cash and cash flow. We ended the year with cash of $242 million, and cash flow from operations increased to $225 million. Strong cash flow has enabled us to increase our stock repurchases to $75 million, while we paid down debt and completed strategic acquisitions. During the past fiscal year, we closed 3 important acquisitions: Servigistics in the first quarter, along with Enigma and NetIDEAS in the fourth quarter. Servigistics and Enigma are focused on expanding our service life cycle management solutions and accelerating the growth of this business. NetIDEAS expands our global services business by adding high-value managed service offerings. We expect these new managed services to provide additional recurring revenue streams and to be accretive to our global services margins. As discussed on previous conference calls, a key objective has been to increase the profitability of our global services business. During 2013, we increased services margins to 14%. As we build out our managed service operations over the next several years, we expect to increase global services margins to 20% by fiscal '17. A cornerstone of a financial plan is to significantly expand profitability while growing our business. For fiscal '14, we expect non-GAAP operating margins to increase to approximately 25%, and we have increased our long-term operating margin targets to 28% to 30% by 2017. We plan to achieve these longer-term goals by driving gross margins to 74% to 76%, increasing the productivity of our sales teams, coupled with disciplined expense management in all areas of the business. We are pleased with the results that we've delivered over the past 4 years, and are confident in our ability to achieve our longer-term goals. Now looking ahead to our outlook for Q1 and fiscal '14. The macroenvironment continues to be very choppy, not only in the U.S., but in international markets as well. We have seen this reflected in recent earnings results of a number of bellwether companies. Given this background, we expect Q1 non-GAAP revenue to be in the range of $310 million to $320 million, including license revenue of $70 million to $80 million, and we expect to deliver non-GAAP EPS of $0.41 to $0.46 per share. I would note that given our current estimates for mix of profits by geography, we expect our non-GAAP tax rate will increase to approximately 25% for the fiscal year 2014. For the full year, we expect non-GAAP revenues to be in the range of $1,325,000,000 to $1,340,000,000, and our non-GAAP EPS to be $2 to $2.10 per share. Again, we appreciate you joining us today. And I will now turn the call back over to James Hillier.
James Hillier: Thanks, Jeff. Öland, can you please open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have the first question, which comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions about your assumption for fiscal '14 guidance, and then a couple of long-range questions, since you brought up that subject of looking out several years. For fiscal '14, could you talk about your assumptions in terms of the relative performance of your direct versus indirect sales contributions? You've recently brought in some new management on the indirect side. You're talking about adding a bit in terms of direct sales capacity. So how are you thinking about those 2 sources of revenue? And then as well, you're looking for what seems likely to be a license decline in Q1, but growth for the year. The midpoint of your guidance would suggest that for quarters 2 through 4, you would need to have at least a 6% to 7% license revenue growth to make the guidance for the year as a whole, including a little bit from acquisitions. So what would drive that implied acceleration of growth in the subsequent 9 months of the year?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, okay. Those are great questions, Jay. And maybe, Jeff, on the first one I can kind of hit a qualitative, and you can maybe reinforce that if necessary with quantitative data. So let's take these 2 questions separately. So the first one, which is really how do we think about direct versus indirect. I think if I look back over the last couple years, the performance has been sort of -- they've sort of mirrored each other. The channel was 27% of our revenue 3 years ago, and I think it's still right around 27% of revenue now. So I think at some level, we don't expect a big disconnect between what happens with direct and channel. Now that said, there are some forces, like the fact that SLM is sold more by the direct guys than by the channel, really sold almost exclusively by the direct guys, that growth opportunity is afforded more to the direct guys than to the channel. So, it could change. Okay. But as you noted, we did bring in some new management for our channel and that really was less about dissatisfaction with the current management. We actually thought that was pretty decent, but we found an unbelievable candidate, this Kerry that we hired -- Kerry, for most of you. And he's really got some incredible talent at IBM and then at Siemens, and an incredible track record of creating channel success at higher levels than we've been experiencing so forth. So he wanted to come work for PTC and when we met him, we said, wow, we want you to come work for us. So I think that was just a big talent upgrade that we seized opportunistically. So -- I don't know, do you want to add anything quantitative, Jeff?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Let me add on the seasonality here a bit on the discussion. In Q1 last year, we had a very large megadeal that was the Embraer Air deal, so that was in the actual results for Q1 of last year. Our current guidance for Q1 of this year does not depend on a megadeal per se. As you've seen in Q4, we had a broader set of deals at a slightly lower ASP, but we think that's a good answer. So I think when you look at it, we'd say, gee, there might be some upside, we always have megadeals when we go through the year. The timing of those is always difficult to cite, but we do have, I think, many opportunities that right now we would expect we'll close sometime in the year -- during the year, more likely in the back half, Jay. So I think we feel pretty good. As Jim said, pipeline is expanding. The question is really, fundamentally, what do close rates look like, given the macro factors that might give us a headwind in maybe Q1 of the first half.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, maybe just to be more concrete on the question about the FY versus the Q1. I think we have a bit of a quarterization disconnect with you guys, which is okay, because I think generally, our plan looks pretty good for the year, but you might say weak for the first quarter. And that really is just that we see it falling slightly different over the quarters. And that's really this big deal factor. We have a number of big deals in the quarter -- I'm sorry, in the fiscal year. I'd say we have relatively safe close assumptions, but we're assuming none of them close in Q1. And if you take our Q1 and compare it to last year x the megadeal, it's actually decent direct organic growth. So it's really that big deal factor that can skew how an individual quarter looks like if you're comparing a quarter without a megadeal to a quarter with a megadeal.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I'd like to ask if you could talk about the connection between your long-term growth assumptions that you mentioned earlier, to how you see your product portfolio or even underlying architecture having to evolve over the next number of years? You've gotten an increasingly complex portfolio with -- particularly lately, with additional acquisitions. You spoke at your conference in Anaheim several months ago about a long-term roadmap of building a more common architecture, I think you called it the PTC Enterprise Fabric. So if you could talk about how you put all of that together and drive the growth as you're going through what may turn out to be a pretty significant technology change for you over the next number of years. And with the NetIDEAS acquisition, really pretty small, but could you talk about leveraging that into a broader hosting opportunity for Windchill itself, and perhaps even beyond Windchill?
James E. Heppelmann: Okay. Then we're going to have to cut you off because that's like at least 4 questions, but [indiscernible]. So no problem. Let me hit the NetIDEAS thing first, because I can maybe weave that into the other question. So NetIDEAS is a group of what were early Windchill customers that -- Windchill was the first PLM system, and I'd argue, one of the first enterprise applications, period, to be available in a pure native web of architecture back in 1998. And there was this group of customers actually, at a large defense company, who purchased this technology and then said, wow, this is really an interesting breakthrough as compared to the client/server technology of the day. And they got so excited they decided, we're going to start a company to host Windchill. So NetIDEAS has existed since right around 2000, give or take a year, and their whole business has been hosting Windchill. Now we at PTC didn't exactly know how to deal with them sometimes, but nonetheless their whole business was predicated on hosting our technology. And they had built a portfolio of about 80 customers, including some big ones like the U.S. Navy, where they were hosting systems for the customer. So we'd sell the software to the customer, but we'd ship it to NetIDEAS, and NetIDEAS would host it. So first of all, they're an excellent company and hugely knowledgeable in how to host PLM systems, both large and small. Okay, so now to the question of how does our technology portfolio evolve over time. We did talk about -- there's really kind of 2 thrusts: one, is how to take some technologies we've acquired and better integrate them together; and then the second question, is how fast can we move some or all of that into the cloud. And I think there's not a simple answer to that. It's probably a better question to dwell on, on December 5. But I think what we're talking about here is an evolution. Nobody today is kicking down our doors and saying, I need a product that's fundamentally different than what you're trying to sell me. I think we're trying to stay ahead of our customers, and make sure that by the day that -- by the time that day comes, we're already for it. So we are both driving initiatives to think about how to bring some of this technology first, into a managed service environment with NetIDEAS; second, maybe into a peer cloud SaaS environment over time. And then I think that, that integration and enterprise fabric story, some amount of it will be done on premise, and then over time, I think that the cloud SaaS model gives us a slightly different approach to sort of finish that project. And I'm not sure it'll ever be finished because we'll keep making acquisitions, and we'll have to keep updating our technology strategies to accommodate some hot new piece of technology we just acquired. Could I offer one last comment, just to point out on NetIDEAS.That is a nice acquisition. It has essentially little license revenue, because it's really a service business we acquired there. So just -- when you're thinking about your models for PTC, there's little license revenue in that and quite frankly, not much in Enigma either, so just FYI on that.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'm looking at your margin assumptions for next year, and certainly I love the fact that you guys are able to accelerate your 25% target by a year. And you guys have obviously shown tremendous success beating margin targets despite a very difficult macro. I was just looking at next year's target, 300 basis points. One lever is obviously the service business. But beyond that, just -- could you help us, remind us, what are the other things you guys can do internally, even if revenue falls a bit short of your expectations?
James E. Heppelmann: Again, Jeff, maybe we can take them --
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Sure. Yes.
James E. Heppelmann: The first thing I would tell you is that, in fact, we've already taken the actions in that last restructuring charge we did back in FY '13, to create a cost structure that'll deliver 25% margins in FY '14. So that's not like a hope and a dream, it's sort of like a serious plan. And it really is predicated on cost controls, it's predicated on higher service margins, and it's predicated on modest improvements in sales productivity. And then there's initiatives behind all that stuff to try to ensure that it all happens like that. But that's the fundamental kind of premise from a high level.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. I'd just add, Matt, that on the gross margin side, this past year we did just over 73% gross margins. We'd expect that to be 73% to 74%. I think there's an opportunity clearly to continue to expand margins, both based on mix as we continue to build out the partner ecosystem. That's gone very well on the services, global services side. And in addition, we'll continue to drive increased margin there. So we think we're well setup to get into the, I'll call it, 73% towards the upper end of the 74% -- to 74% range. And again as Jim said, I think we've really positioned ourselves on an expense base, entering the year with the right cost structure that would get us from -- if you looked at our total OpEx last year it was 51%. We'd be closer to 50%, 49% to 50% in the year, and that gets us to the 25%. So I think we feel pretty well positioned, as Jim said.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's great. And just a quick follow-up here. In your prepared remarks, one of the bullets, kind of in the prepared remarks, was talking about implementing solutions that require shorter sales cycles, less services. Can you just kind of expand upon that? And then maybe put that in a little broader context. And maybe this relates somewhat to the earlier question that Jay had on sort of the changing technology going forward.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I think that's a very interesting question, because key to both higher services margins and to higher sales productivity is to change a little bit the way we approach the problem. And I think PTC has been on an evolution here from the early days, let's say, of our Windchill PLM offering when we kind of sold the toolkit and a lot of services, to really now where we're trying to sell value in a box. And we're saying, everything you need is in that box, and the service engagement should really be around just changing your processes to use that technology, not bringing in developers to customize or, God forbid, just develop it further. And then the managed services element is interesting, because we're also saying, we could even just take the deployment off your hands. So if you're really do just want to run the software in your processes, in your improved processes, that's fine, we can do that for you. And this a serious effort. We've been working on it for a while. We've brought in some outside consultants to help us weed our way through to it, make sure we didn't miss anything, and then we just launched it really to our sales force in October here, at the beginning of the -- well, really at the sales kickoff. So I think we're optimistic that we're going to make some progress there. And you won't see that progress as solutions per se, you'll see it in higher services margins and modestly better sales productivity numbers.
Operator: The next question comes from Yun Kim, Janney Capital Markets.
Yun S. Kim - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Following up on that last question. Are we talking about, Jim, the fact that you guys are talking about developing or overhauling your products that can be implemented more on a modular or smaller chunks, or are we simply talking about better and more efficient implementation methodology?
James E. Heppelmann: There's been a significant development effort, I might characterize it as remodeling, to take the technology we already have and better tune it, so that it's more out of the box, more ready to go. We've thought through the use cases more simply and so forth. I mean, PTC uses salesforce.com, and that's an example of a product that's in a box, and you kind of like it or you don't, because you can't really change it much. That puts a lot of pressure on the developers to be thoughtful about what we put in the box, realizing that we're actually asking the sales and the services team not to change the product so much, maybe not to change it all. So that's the kind of thesis there is that we come out with a more thoughtful product in the box.
Yun S. Kim - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then, Jim, can you just update us on the progress you're making in terms of verticalization of your products. For instance, obviously you talked about it today, but the automotive is supposed to be one of your biggest market opportunity down the road. Where are we in terms of penetrating that vertical? And should we expect more verticalization of your products beyond what you have today? How does your verticalization fit into your overall product strategy going forward?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Well let me just say on the automotive question, we just had 3 major automotive companies here at our PTC headquarters in the last 5 or 6 days, in separate trips. So there's a lot happening on our automotive front. I think that SLM is another potential sweet spot. Renault was our first big win. And as I mentioned last time, that's a customer who really turns to Dassault for CAD and PLM, but still is impressed by our ability to take even the Dassault's CAD and redeploy it into a more efficient service operation. So I think in general, we do have different strategies for different verticals. We're not trying to be completely different. In fact, there's great mileage to be achieved by being able to take the same technology to multiple verticals. But let me go back to sales force there. They've got everything from banks and insurance companies to manufacturing companies and whatnot using the same exact system. And there's great economies of scale and so forth in that type of model. So that said, building an automobile, building an airplane, building a consumer product and stuff, they're a little different challenge. A retail product is very different, so we do have verticalization strategies. I think we want to go as deep in each of these verticals as we need to. In the retail space, the big challenge is around massive portfolios of very simple products undergoing huge rates of change. In automotive, the real thing people want to talk to us about is platform strategies. Like a Volkswagen would say to us, hey, we're trying to build products for so many different markets, and in each market there are different regulations around emissions and whatnot, safety. If you're going to build a product for California, you've got to worry about California emissions, but you'd never sell that product in India, and so on and so forth. So PTC, how can you help us design products that are far more modular, so we can offer customers incredible variation, but yet it mostly comes back to the same standard parts that we have back in the factory. And that's really the automotive discussion we're having right now. And if you're in the automotive, whether it's commercial or consumer automotive right now, if you don't have a platform strategy, you're clucked, because you just cannot then create the variation the market demands at a price point that the market and your competitors are forcing you to get to.
Yun S. Kim - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then one last quick question. You had a very strong quarter out of the SLM business, which you obviously highlighted in your prepared remarks. I believe that average deal size in SLM business is typically much higher than the rest of your business. What are you seeing in terms of deal size trends there? Do you see customers taking a, maybe more of a piecemeal approach consistent with what you're seeing in the other parts of the business? Or do you still see people taking out large or interested in a large upfront commitment for your SLM solution?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think the answer there really is, it's a mixture of all of that stuff, and the trends are hard to take meaning from. On one hand, you have the Caterpillars and the Renaults giving us huge contracts. On the other hand, we're running a lot of small pilot projects of people that are in varying trades and want to get a little bit deeper into it before they make that commitment. So you mix all this stuff together, and then you mix all the Servigistics stuff in, and you end up with averages that you really need to de-average to understand what's going on. So I can't personally read much into the averages.
James Hillier: [Operator Instructions]
Operator: The next question comes from Raimo Lenschow from Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The 2 questions I had is, first of all, there's a big debate in the industry in terms of changing the business model towards more consumption or subscription. We see Autodesk moving the beats at Dassault to do something around that. Can you just kind of highlight a little bit what you're thinking around that? If it really makes sense for the industry, and how you would achieve that, if it doesn't make sense? And then the second question is just a follow-up. You mentioned salesforce as one of your core systems. How -- I mean, you have been in there now for, I believe, about 1.5 year. I mean, how much can you rely on that now? How good is your visibility into your pipeline and the progress of the pipeline?
James E. Heppelmann: Okay, so on the consumption/subscription point. I think we need to separate a little bit what are the vendors saying from what are the customers are saying, because there is a bit of a disconnect there. Let's just look at PTC for a minute. If you take our entire business, half of it is subscription and consumption based, that's our maintenance business. So let's just set half our business into the consumption category. Of the half that's left, half of that is services roughly. So we're really talking about 1/4 of our business more or less 25%, 30%, that's license. Now within that 1/4, we do offer rental agreements, and some of our customers take us up on them. The principal reason they take us up on them is because they like to think about this cost as an operating cost, rather than a capital purchase, and we do some big deals in that model. Now on the other hand, there's a lot of customers that say, it actually is more economical to purchase the stuff. I always tell my colleagues here in the company, do you want to buy a car and be responsible for maintaining it or do you want to rent one? And the answer is, well it depends. If you're going to rent it first 2 days, you're better off renting it, but if you're going to use it everyday for multiple years, you're actually much better off buying it. And our customers are pretty smart about these things, so they're running those models all the time. If that model lends them money on the subscription, and we have a model to do that, I'd say it's a pretty small percent of our business that goes down that path, which really means, in our view, there's not yet strong demand. Now I would never say never. I think that day they will come. But I think you've got to look at each category of software and say, where is it in its maturity curve? If it's extremely strategic, then the customer says, I actually want to develop it. GE thinks the Industrial Internet is extremely strategic, so they're going to spend $1 billion creating a solution suite for GE, okay? I think somewhere in the middle, people say, it's somewhat strategic, I can gain an advantage, I have my own views on how to do this, I want to purchase it, integrate it deeply into my environment, maybe even customize it a little bit, but I don't want to spend $1 billion like GE did. And then I think at the opposite end of the spectrum, people say, it's just a utility, I just want to use it. And to be frank -- and that's a bit how we see salesforce. It's a very good utility. And if I switch to that topic a little bit, I love and Jeff and the rest of the management team, loves having a visible pipeline. Until 7 or 8 quarters ago, we didn't really -- pipeline was just kind of a concept, it wasn't quantifiable. But now, when I talked earlier about what our ratios are, we know what our pipeline ratios are by segment, by geography, we know the big deals, the little deals. I mean, it's really incredible to be able to slice and dice. And I think actually it lended us to a good place last quarter, because we were able to guide understanding where the pipeline was, and what were appropriate safety factors, and then give you some guidance that -- it was okay guidance, but then actually deliver pretty good results against it. And we weren't really that surprised when the forecast remained strong, because we knew how strong the pipeline was when we started the quarter. So I don't want to be a commercial here for salesforce, but I think that's an example of a relatively mature industry. People are perfectly happy to take it as a utility, and that utility creates some value. I think we, with PLM, are kind of in that middle category, where people, by and large, want to own it. They think it's important. They're putting their most valuable intellectual property into the system. They're a little nervous about sharing that with everybody else, and it should be safe, but then again, we all read stories everyday about all these systems that got hacked and so forth. And so people are saying like, I'd rather own it right now. And maybe, then I'd rather have a financial model, that's OpEx, or a financial model that's CapEx, and we're trying to really give them all the choices. You want OpEx, you want CapEx, you want to run it in your IT center, you want us to host it for you, we can do that. The key thing is just get the value to you as soon as possible.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Koenig from Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I'm curious to know about your thinking about using cash going forward. Should -- would you prefer to do more SLM acquisitions? Would you think about upping your buybacks? Kind of what's your take on that? And just housekeeping, how much of your revenue guidance for '14 comes from the acquisitions that have been done?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay, Steve, Jeff Glidden here. So we guided -- we provided some outlook on cash use. We'd expect to repurchase and spend about $75 million worth of capital on stock repurchases. We pay something north of $100 million on repayment of debt. That -- as we continue to expand margins, we continue to generate significantly greater levels of cash flow also. I think we've been very selective and focused on M&A and that would be another key piece of the puzzle, so we'll continue to look at M&A. And it's kind of use the line, buy what we think is a key strategic asset, and then pay that down. So I think you saw this year, we not only increased the stock buyback, we paid down debt, and we completed acquisitions. So I think that recipe is one that we would expect to continue, Steve.
James E. Heppelmann: And on the, what would we acquire if we were going to acquire things? SLM is definitely a rich hunting ground. I mentioned it's a fragmented industry. There are opportunities to do consolidation, and in doing that to broaden our solutions suite and so forth. You want to address the question about...
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Right. On the 2 acquisitions we did in the quarter, just to maybe close up on that particular point, NetIDEAS and Enigma in Q4 contributed about $2 million worth of revenue, about $1 million of that was license, so it was a small contribution. As we look to the full year this year, we'd expect that to be probably somewhere between $6 million and $8 million or $9 million in terms of revenues. So I think it has good strategic value. It's not a key driver in terms of the revenue for 2014, but I think a very important piece.
Operator: Next question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wonder if you could give us a little bit more color around the talk about salesforce productivity and capacity? You mentioned adding 20 reps, maybe any quantitative? Can you tell us what percentage of reps actually met quota in fiscal '13? And where you need to add those 20 reps to build capacity in 2014?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Sterling, this is Jeff. Just as a comment, we've said that the key right now -- we've got sufficient capacity to deliver our 2014 numbers, and I will say that the productivity, if you look at the productivity, and we look at it a number of ways, it actually increased in the back half of the year, and particularly in Q4, and that's always a strong quarter. But our focus is really on a set of programs that will increase the productivity of the existing reps, and we've been obviously driving that with a headwind from macro. At the same time, the reps that we'd add, we talked about 20 reps in the back half of the year, that's really I call it a placeholder, that as we look out to '15, it's not about needing capacity for '14, it's about building it for '15. And depending on what the macro factors are and the traction of certain products, we may accelerate those hires as we look out into '15. I would say it's in all geos. I think we're looking at opportunities, particularly in some of the emerging geos. We've been expanding in Brazil and Russia. We've got a good operation that we continue to expand in China. As well as our European businesses has been very solid, and we're seeing that come back, and there's some additional opportunities we think to be addressed in the Americas, particularly around the SLM space. So I think it's a broad cut. We're well positioned for '14, and we'll be looking while we're in '14 to set our ourselves up for '15.
James E. Heppelmann: I think if I could just add a quick comment. The success we're having in SLM really broadens our addressable market, or let's say our practically addressable market, significantly. If you take Renault, we drove by that company every day for a decade. And then one day, somebody pulled in the parking lot and started an SLM discussion, and we end up with a pretty big order. So that's a good example that, from a CAD and PLM standpoint, that would have been hard to displace Dassault, but we can come in there and complement them downstream. So if that's true, then the amount companies that we could call on essentially has gone up by a factor of 4, or maybe 5, if you just think about what is our market share in CAD and PLM.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Sterling, I would add that Bob Ranaldi will be with us at the Investor Day, and we'll do a deeper dive on how we're organized, how we're structured in various areas. And I think we can address that in a more fulsome way at the Investor Day, and we'll continue to drive this.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Williams from Evercore.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to sort of dig in a little bit on the CAD business, obviously pretty strong for this quarter. Just wondering if you could provide an update on the Creo 2.0 sort of upgrade cycle, and where we stand there? And then sort of alongside that, just an update around sort of direct modeling and the modules, and that opportunity going forward?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So on Creo 2.0, Creo upgrade cycle, I think we're right on track for that. The last numbers I saw we're right around 40% of the base has moved. A notable customer who moved in last quarter was Caterpillar. I think Caterpillar is our fourth largest customer, and then drags with them a huge supply chain. They upgraded and the upgrade went pretty flawlessly. And the customers -- the actual end-users were pretty ecstatic and so forth. So that was a big success story. It's that kind of big success story that not only encourages other big success story, but drags with it a supply chain as well. So we're making good progress. And, Jeff, do you have the statistic? There's fairly high percentage, 62%? 62% of the seats that have gone from Wildfire to Creo have added something as they went. And the thing that would be most common for them to add would be this direct modeling, what we've sometimes called flexible engineering module. So that strategy is working well. That dates back to when we acquired CoCreate, it was a direct modeling company. That caused us to rethink a little bit this almost religious commitment we had to parametric modeling. We realized there was some real value in direct modeling, so we kind of merged that technology, or at least that concept, in, and then that was part of Creo. The other part of Creo, of course, was a major overhaul in the user interface and usability. But I think that program is going well. And if we have the year we could have, it could be a big contribution from Creo in the success of PTC in FY '14, and '15 as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross MacMillan from Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: A couple of quick questions. So, Jim, you mentioned a couple of times in this call about the pipeline and the rule of thumb, 3x coverage. I was just curious, as we go with fiscal '14, as you look at that coverage ratio, is it significantly different today when you think of that coverage ratio relative to your revenue plan going into '14 relative to the coverage ratio relative to plan going into fiscal '13? I was just trying to calibrate whether you feel there's even more cushion, if you will, in your revenue guidance given the coverage ratio?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, so I can actually confirm that our pipeline coverage ratio is actually much stronger now than it was a year ago when we were talking about FY '13. Now, we're also more informed, because the longer you run the system and all the kind of analytical processes around it, the smarter you get. So I think we feel like the pipeline we have in FY '14 more than adequately supports the guidance we're giving you, but what we're trying to do is apply some caution around the continued economic uncertainty. If we -- if the economy got better, we could do better against that pipeline. But we're not willing to put our names up for that yet at this point. We want to be a little bit conservative and make sure that we understand how the economy is going to shape and so forth. One last factor that my colleagues are pointing out to me here too, is that -- I said this already, but the longer you use it, the better you get at it, and the better adoption, and so forth. So it's clear that the pipeline data is much stronger than it was a year ago. There are multiple factors in that, some of which are hard to unravel, and so forth. But we feel pretty good about it.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then just maybe one follow-up for Jeff. Are we -- in the absence of acquisitions, are we done with incremental restructuring? Is that completed now, and we should think about for the most part the existing cost structure as being status quo?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, I would say 2 things. We obviously, at the beginning of the year, we did a lot last year, a larger restructuring related to the consolidation of our Servigistics and SLM business, and then we did a -- later in the year, we really took and realigned again to make sure we're well positioned for '14. We'll continue to do -- look for opportunities to improve performance. We're not, at this current time, contemplating any significant realignments x an acquisition. And again, when you find an acquisition, you've got to really look at what they have, what we have, and how do we make sure that integration goes successfully, and that we get the value that we really set out to do on that. But I think I'd just reiterate, on '14, as we sit today, the actions we've taken should position us well for increasing profits in this current year.
James E. Heppelmann: Which means, Ross, the premise of your question is correct.
James Hillier: Thanks, Ross. And thanks, everyone, for your questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Jim for some closing remarks.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Okay, thanks, James. So once again, thanks for making the time here. I know you guys are busy as can be on a day like this. So a lot of great questions. I continue to be impressed by sort of how thoughtful you guys think about our business, and actually how much you know about it. So -- anyway, I appreciate your support of the company, and your time with us here this morning and so forth. And I look forward to seeing many or all of you at this December 5 Investor Relations Day, and we'll just pick this conversation up and go a lot deeper with it at that point, okay? So have a good day and thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristian P. Talvitie - Vice President of Corporate Communications James E. Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of National First Executive Advisory Board Jeffrey D. Glidden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Yun S. Kim - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to PTC's Third Quarter 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Kristian Talvitie, PTC's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristian P. Talvitie: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's Q3 earnings call. As a reminder, today's call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products or anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumption of PTC's management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC's most recent Form 8-K, Form 10-K and Form 10-Q on file with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial measures in today's call are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measure is located in the Q3 '13 press release and prepared remarks document on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
James E. Heppelmann: Thank you, Kristian. Good morning to all of you, and thank you for joining us here on our third quarter fiscal 2013 earnings call. In our third quarter, we delivered earnings that were at the high-end of our guidance range, coming from revenue that was at the low end of our guidance range. Naturally, we'd like to see the company deliver stronger top line results, but this recent trend of delivering strong earnings growth, even with lighter than desired revenue growth, is largely attributable to the disciplined execution how our margin expansion strategy that we told you about years ago. Our progress and margin expansion has allowed us to hold our EPS guidance relatively constant all year, despite the pressure of increasing revenue headwinds. We are now nearly 4 years into our strategy to drive a 20% compound average EPS growth rate through a combination of margin expansion and revenue growth, and we are right on track with that plan. We continue to believe the company should be able to achieve an operating margin in the 28% or even 29% range in the years beyond 2015. So there remains a good runway of margin expansion ahead of us, and we see ourselves in a position to deliver superior earnings growth over a multiyear period going forward. Most economic outlook has suggested the macroenvironment would improve in the course of this year, but it's clear from our results, and from those of our peers, that we've not seen any meaningful improvement materialize yet. In this past quarter, we saw an additional macro headwind develop as the Chinese manufacturing economy suffered an unexpected setback, which translated into a more difficult selling environment and disappointing results in our Asia Pacific business. This factor, which we weren't anticipating 90 days ago, served to move our revenue performance toward the lower end of the guidance range. The remaining high notes during the quarter, in early June, we held our annual PTC Live customer event in LA. This year, we launched a new format, where we held a service-oriented event in parallel to a product development-oriented event in co- located convention centers. Both events had great attendance, but the inaugural service event far surpassed our expectations, with many events, or many attendees at this event declaring it to be the premier event in the SLM industry. PTC's message about how our solutions help manufacturing companies transform themselves so that they can compete in the world of smart global products that are connected to the Internet and deliver it with a service-oriented business model resonated both with the audience's businesses to create the products and the audience who's business it is, to service them. There's definitely a buzz amongst our customers, as well as with analyst and peers, that PTC's strategy is compelling and it is better differentiated than ever from our traditional CAD and PLM competitors. Most importantly, this strategy is much more aligned with where these customers see themselves steering their own companies. So given the growing focus the manufacturing companies have on after-sales service strategies, SLM is a hot topic with our customers, and it's a domain in which PTC is viewed as a clear leader. Our SLM pipeline is particularly robust, and the PTC sales force has quickly adopted Servigistics and helped it to perform above our expectations all year. During the quarter, our SLM strategy helped us land several important domino-style wins. One I'd like to call out is Renault, the European automotive OEM who's a member of the Renault-Nissan alliance, which is the third largest automotive group in the world. Renault awarded PTC a large SLM contract to restructure its service systems and processes in order to transform their customer service experience. Due to the size and structure of this order, we will recognize it ratably over time, and thus, it provided no license revenue in the quarter. You may be aware that Renault has a strong partnership with Dassault Systems in the CAD and PLM arena, so this win is a good proof point for the compelling and differentiated nature of our SLM offering. As the first major automotive OEM win for our SLM business, this represents a watershed event for PTC in automotive, which is the largest vertical in manufacturing. We were also pleased to close the Enigma acquisition in early Q4. Though it is a small tuck-in to our SLM strategy, Enigma is a well-known brand in the service organization of our customers, and the Enigma technology and domain expertise will add a lot of value to our SLM strategy. With revenue and purchase price, both in the single-digit millions range, this acquisition will not be material to our financial results in FY '13 or in fiscal 2014. As you can probably sense, our optimism about the future is only growing. Based on the size of the pipeline we are tracking across our 5 segments, we believe stronger revenue growth lies ahead of us. And at some point, as the macroenvironment improves, we'll begin to see this pipeline convert into a more attractive revenue growth rate. With the leverage we have created in our business model and improved growth rate, we'd make our earnings results even stronger. As we're approaching the end of our fiscal 2013, we're currently in the midst of our annual planning process and we'll be providing formal fiscal year 2014 guidance in conjunction with our Q4 earnings release in October. However, we wanted to provide some directional insight into our current thinking about our next fiscal year that starts October 1. Assuming a stabilizing macroeconomic and foreign exchange environment, we are currently targeting low- to mid-single digit revenue growth in fiscal 2014, together with 15% to 20% EPS growth. This thinking is based on the size and maturity of our pipeline, coupled with our initiatives and commitments to enhancing profitability. With that, I'll turn it over to our CFO, Jeff Glidden, who will review some of the key financial metrics for the quarter.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Thank you very much. As Jim said, we're pleased with our Q3 earnings performance. Gross margins increased at 73.2%, operating margin expanded to 22.2%, and we delivered earnings of $0.45 a share, up 22% year-over-year. Our favorable earnings performance in Q3 resulted from the combination of lower overall spending, higher services margins and favorable revenue mix. For the 9 months of FY '13, our operating margins have increased by 220 basis points from the prior year with, again, approximately half of this improvement coming from increased gross margins and the balance from leverage on operating expenses. I would also note that our operating results for FY '13 have been strong, we've been dealing with significant unfavorable headwinds related to foreign currency when compared to FY '12. In Q3, of '13 foreign currency shifts, particularly from the yen, negatively impacted our reported revenue by $8 million and EPS by $0.03 a share when compared to the prior year. On a constant currency basis, our non-GAAP Q3 EPS would have increased by 30%. A highlight of our Q3 performance was cash and cash flow. We ended the quarter with cash of $257 million, up $16 million from Q2. Cash flow from operations was $85 million. We paid down $40 million on our credit facility, repurchased $20 million in PTC stock and spent $7 million in capital expenditures. Now looking ahead to our outlook for Q4 and FY -- and the full year. Given the challenging macroenvironment, we expect revenue to be in the range of $330 million and $340 million, including license revenue of $95 million to $105 million. We expect to deliver EPS of $0.50 to $0.55. For the full fiscal year, we expect to be in -- revenues to be in the range of $1,280,000,000 to $1,290,000,000 and EPS to be the range of $1.72 to $1.77. We thank you for your support. I will now turn the call back over to Kristian Talvitie.
Kristian P. Talvitie: Great. Thanks. I think we're going to turn the call -- open the call up for questions. [Operator Instructions] And with that, Nickie?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Matt, your line is open.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Yes, I think one thing that stood out to me was in your commentary around expanding pipelines, I think specifically in the U.S. I wonder if you can give us a few more details on your confidence over there, as sort of what you're seeing?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Good morning, Matt. It's Jim here. So as you know, we went live 4 quarters ago with the salesforce.com, CRM system, which we're happy to have because it does give us a high fidelity view of what's in the pipe. And then it allows us to track close rates on a quarterly basis, on a geographic basis, on a segment basis and so forth against that pipeline. So what I would say is from Q3 to Q4, our pipeline is significantly stronger. If you think about close rates for a minute, sort of an industry rule of thumb would be that you'll close 1/3 of your pipe. If you look at what happened in Q4 a year ago, we did better than that, sort of Q4 magic, if you will. In Q1 -- in Q2 of this year, we were right on that industry metric of closing 1/3 of the pipe. This past quarter, we did less than 1/3 of the pipe and really feel that, that's the pressure of the macroenvironment, is it's a little harder to close these deals in the quarter. So as a look at Q4, we have a pretty strong pipe, but we're sort of operating with the assumption that closed rates would be challenged like they were in Q3. But at some point, as the economy gets better and the close rates drift back toward sort of industry-standard, and really what was PTC standard, we'll deliver some pretty interesting growth off the pipeline we're tracking, if that happens.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: That's great, that's helpful. And then maybe as follow-up, I guess, to Jeff on -- we do appreciate the initial look at the fiscal '14. I guess I'm wondering from a high-level, can you kind of talk about how license would shake out of kind of at assumption of low- to mid single-digit revenue growth?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. Just as a comment, what we're assuming in that, kind of outlook into the next year is a stabilizing economy. So it doesn't get worse, it doesn't necessarily get better. We're also assuming stable currency just as a point of reference. So we would expect the license revenue to be higher than the overall revenue for next year. So that's probably in the, somewhere in the mid- to upper single-digits. And again, as a function, as Jim said, we see good activity. We see a lot of the building in the pipeline and it's really a function of how we close that and what the timing is. And so I think we feel this is an appropriate level of guidance to provide at this time. And we'll give you better update at the end of Q4.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Koenig from Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I'd like to ask about how the quarter ended. Did you see any large deals get pushed out of the quarter you may have expected to close? And you also made reference to the large deal in Japan. Did -- were there -- was there a large -- particularly large deal in the Americas that contributed to that fairly good result?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Good morning, Steve. Yes, I think there were a handful of large deals that pushed and a few more that came in but downsized a bit. So definitely, the pipe in Q4 gets a little stronger, simply by the fact that some of the Q3 deals slid into Q4. To cover an issue you didn't quite ask, but it's related, is there any competitive pressure? I would say by the time we're forecasting a deal, we're largely through that competitive dynamic. We're past the competition phase, and we're into the negotiating and closing phase. So all the deals that pushed, none of them are competitive. Of the deals that downsized, none of them are competitive. At this point, they have previously been competitive but we're through that phase. So it's really just a question of when we do we close them and at what size.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, that's great. That was related to my follow-up question. I think for the follow-up then Jim, what I'd like to ask is, maybe looking a little more broadly past the Q4, how do you guys think about the competitive dynamics and your share and how that's the same or changing in the CAD and PLM market segments?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think, if you look at our 5 segments, probably in CAD, we have the least bullish story. We sort of feel like we're our growth would be at or a maybe a modest notch below the industry. But a lot of that growth for everybody these days comes from the base. There's not a lot of share shifts going on. We have a product cycle ahead of us that we think could be helpful. But we're least bullish relative to the industry and CAD. If you switch to PLM, we think we will win every major competition as we go into it, and 80% of the time we do. If you look at SLM, we feel like we don't really have competition, that we somewhat invented this category, and between ourselves and Servigistics, we were the premier players. We're teamed up together today. We feel pretty good about it. ALM, it would depend a little bit on how does the customer see this. Do they see software as software or do they see software as part of a manufactured product? If they see software as part of a manufactured product, and they worried about the whole product, they'd like our story. If they think software standalone, then there'd some big competitors, IBM, Microsoft, HP, et cetera, that would be in strong footing as well. So I think, in general, we feel like we will outgrow our competitors, particularly in the segments of our business that really represents the growth opportunities.
Operator: Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I want to go back to the economy, sorry for doing that. If I look at kind of some of the leading indicators in terms of I for ISM, they start to look slightly better, even in Europe where your numbers were not that great. Can you just comment a little bit what you see in Europe there for you that's -- because the numbers still were relatively weak, but I would hope that pipeline is starting to build there, that's why.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I think that's a fair expectation and sort of aligns with what we see. If you look at our European business, it was down a bit in '12 and down again in '13. If you look at our assumptions for '14, which are really a forecast based on our pipeline, we're actually projecting some reasonable growth in Europe, a rebound, if you will. And so I think that the macro factors, the macro data points sort of reflect that as well that the situation in Europe appears to have stopped getting worse and might be actually starting to get better. So it's too early to call that for sure, but that's what we see in our pipeline and that's what our FY '14 color would imply to a limited degree anyway.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Perfect. And then the one follow-up I have was, while, first of all, thanks for giving us kind of the beyond '15 view a little bit on the margin drivers. Can you just kind of highlight a little bit, what do you think kind of next drivers would be to kind of, continue to have fair progression on the margin side?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, so just to add some clarity to that. Back in, I guess, it was probably 2009 when we outlined this margin expansion program, maybe it was 2010, we talked about the front nine and the back nine. At that point in time, we said our target was 28% margins, but only 26% by 2015 timeframe. So we always had a view that there was more beyond 2015, but we only were showing a financial look through 2015. So I think that we have some new ideas that have come up since we've been working on that front nine, back nine for the last 4 years, some new types of service offerings, some new efficiencies in other parts of our business that might allow us, for example, to take our services margins to a number that was meaningfully higher than any number we've ever shared with you. So I'd say, stay tuned. We'd like to give you more color on that at a Analyst Day that we're hoping to pull together later this year. But we think that there's definitely the opportunity to get to the 28% we saw 4 years ago, and we think that if you ask us the question again today, we might think it was 29%.
Operator: Sterling Auty from JPMC.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In terms of the restructurings that you've done, can you give us a sense of where your sales capacity and productivity is today? Meaning, once we start to see economic expansion pick up in demand, how much can you layer on and produce before you actually have to start increasing headcount again?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So that, too, is a very interesting question because what's happened in the last couple of years is that we added a fair amount of sales capacity and perhaps because the macroenvironment, gave it up in productivity. If you look year-over-year, we have more capacity, we don't necessarily have the growth that we would expect. So simple math would suggest less productivity, particularly if you look at it versus 2 years ago. So we feel like, right now, we don't need more capacity for FY '14, even to support the sort of color we gave you. But what we need is a rebound in productivity. And we have a number of strategies to try drive up that productivity. One of them, obviously, is the macroenvironment beyond our control. That would help a lot. But separately, internally, we had some interesting strategies. If you think of our front nine, back nine, one of the things that was on the back nine was better, tighter solutions that would have better value prop, shorter sales cycles, et cetera. And that stuff is starting to come to market now. So we think we'll have that in the water supply, for example, in FY '14 and that independent of the macro situation, that would be helpful. And so we would expect to see a rebound in productivity in FY '14, and if that happens, as we get into FY '14, we'll start asking the question about capacity for FY '15. But at this point, we don't see a big capacity need to support our FY '14 outlook.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And when you look at the potential for license growth reacceleration, when you look at the pipeline, what is it that's going to lead you out? Is it going to be the PLM side? Is it going to be further acceleration of SLM? Or do you think just once the economy starts to improve internationally, there will be a broad-based improvement?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, I would characterize our pipeline across 4 of our 5 segments as being pretty good and that being exceptionally good in SLM. So, but, I just want to say, I think SLM could do relatively better than the others, but all of them look pretty promising in terms of the actual opportunities that are being worked in the pipeline.
Operator: Yun Kim from Janney Capital Markets.
Yun S. Kim - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: You talked a little bit about the CAD business a little bit. But can you just go into a little more detail about the continued weakness you're seeing in that business? It's been down year-over-year for the past 6 quarters in a row. It seems to have decelerated again in this past quarter. Obviously, CAD business does have some negative streaks before, but I don't think it has ever shown 6 quarters of decline, for at least, not at least last 10 years. Is there something fundamentally different about this downward trend this time around versus previous down cycles in the CAD business? Is CAD business -- I mean, does that have a much bigger exposure to Europe and Asia than the other business? And a side note on the CAD, one of the key growth driver behind the Creo introduction was the ease of usability, which should have expanded your target market beyond engineers, how is that progressing? Or at least within -- not necessarily in terms of sales but from interest point of view.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Let me try to get the second part of the question because that provides a good context for the first part. So in our Creo product, as compared to our Pro/ENGINEER predecessor products, we have a lot of new capabilities, new modules, better usability through better user interface through better -- through this simpler direct modeling capability and so forth. We've said that in order to get to that capability, we need to take the base forward to this Creo version. It's hard to sell the new stuff in Creo to a customer who is still using Pro/ENGINEER. So we've been tracking our progress against upgrading the base to Creo. We've been projecting that by calendar year end, we expect to have 50% of the base on Creo. We are on target for that. There are some big customers, Caterpillar and John Deere-type customers that are going to upgrade between now and the end of the year. They'll drag with them their whole supply chains and so forth. So we think that, by the end of the year, we will be over the top of the hill in the sense that 50% or more of the base will be on Creo. And we've actually seen some promising data that says, once the customer upgrades to Creo, a majority of them loop back in a quarter or 2 and buy some of the new stuff. So we actually think that this product cycle is out there. And that's interesting because with the product cycle, we can sell more software to customers even if they're not hiring. But short of that product cycle, a lot of CAD growth is driven by seat count growth in an environment where nobody's hiring, there is no seat count growth. And I think if you look at Autodesk's performance, if you look a Dassault's performance, nobody's not going to cover up the ball with CAD growth right now and it really is because hiring has been a problem for the last 6 quarters you referred to. But if hiring picked up, that would be helpful but independent of that, as we get farther into this product cycle, we should have an upside opportunity that's not hiring-based.
Yun S. Kim - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, thanks for that color. I think that helps a lot. And then, in terms of your CAD business, driven by the resellers today, how is that progressing versus prior trends and whether or not your Channel business is improving or not?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think our Channel business, Jeff, was flattish.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: It was up slightly. Both Direct and Channel were up in the quarter, very small amounts but it's not a trend. We've been holding our own in the channel.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, so I think that, that picture is not materially different in the Channel. Of course, the Channel does tend to sell more new seats because they tend to sell the small and medium business, and you'll find some influx of new companies, startup companies and so forth buying their first-ever CAD seats. So generally speaking, there's a little bit of a different driver down in the SMB space but that too, has been under pressure for us and for our peers, our CAD peers over the last 6 quarters. So again, I would say, I don't think our performance there is markedly different than that of Autodesk or of Dassault, but you may have studied that closer than I.
Operator: Mark McMillan with Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So, Jeff, on fiscal '14, it looks to me like the initial view is that you're going to achieve at least the same incremental operating margin increase, and maybe more, actually, if you to hit the high end of the non-GAAP earnings growth rate. So I wondered if you could just maybe help us with a couple of things. One is, where do you think the professional services gross margins could go? I'd be interested in your view on kind of -- you've done a great job expanding that, maybe next year or maybe ultimately, what you think the range there could be? And then when we think about the other area of leverage, is it mostly just, let's call it a very prudent approach on operating expenses?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So, Ross, I appreciate that. And obviously, to get to 10% to 20% EPS growth next year, we need to add more than 200 basis points. We really have to add 300 to 400 basis points in terms of operating margin expansion in the year. I'd say, and specifically to your professional services discussion, we've been tracking either on or ahead of all the metrics we put out there. We did 15 points this year -- this quarter, we'll do 14 for the year. We would be outlooking, I think, by 2015 that we get to 17% or better. And we would say longer term, we think that is kind of consistent with Jim's discussion, longer-term that can be pushing 20 points of margin. And so I think that piece continues to give us basically gross margin for that now move from 70% to 73% to 75% or above that. The other piece, as you described, is really, I think, we've had done a very good job on expense control and looking at continuing to leverage the operating expenses and I think the combination, again, of very good performance on the services business and on expense control can push us not only the benefit that we describe here for '14, but into '15 and beyond.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think, Ross -- Jim, just to add little more color here. It will be good to paint a more accurate picture for you at an Analyst Day, like I said, I hope we have as well. But if you think about it, this year, we're in the 21% to 22% range. And if I -- if you go back to maybe we'll ultimately get to 28% to 29%, that said the 7-point's a margin before we feel like we've really optimized things. You might guess that, that would be front-end loaded because we can move more quickly now, particularly in an environment where the growth is less robust. We can move more quickly on margins. So perhaps in the short term, let's say next year, you'd have a story with a good chunk of margin expansion and a little bit of growth, and then maybe the year after that, it'd be a better balance of growth and margin expansion as the economy gets a little better, and maybe in the years after that, we'd be returning to what we feel like is a more normal growth rate in a good economy. But if you follow that math, that says there could be 4 good years of EPS growth ahead of us. That's really what I meant by superior growth. We could continue to deliver growth that was markedly better than other software firms, we believe, for a number of years to come.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: That's great. That's really helpful. Maybe just 2 quick follow-ups, one for Jeff. Just on the debt side, you're getting close again to sort of net debt neutral position. You're paying down your debt. You did $40 million, I think, this quarter. As you get to this position, like, how are you balancing either debt paydown versus other uses of cash, such as stock buyback? How should we think about that progress?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay, great question. One of the good news, obviously, is we expand margins, we also add and extend cash flow so that gives us a lot more flexibility. For the year '13, we began the year with a view that we pay down debt of $100 million to the $120 million will be at the high-end of that range. We indicated share repurchase of $55 million to $75 million, we'll be at the high end of that range. So I think it continues to give us more flexibility, as we just described, we'll both repurchase stock in the fourth quarter and pay down additional debt, and that cycle continues. So I think what we're doing this year is actually purchasing -- repurchasing more shares in '14 than we did in '13. And I think I'm not committing to the future, but we continue to have more flexibility and particularly as we pay down the debt, that gives us more flexibility on perhaps share repurchase. I think we've been very disciplined also on M&A, and we'll continue to do that. I think we cited the Servigistics acquisition as an example that we closed at the beginning of the year that has been a very meaningful, strategic decision, but also a very, I think from a financial standpoint, that's performed very well. So we'll continue to, I think look at those balances and all the acquisitions. M&A activity is really driven by the strategic framework, as Jim has articulated it.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Last one for me. Just on that, what sounds like a really good SLM win it Renault, and you mentioned that the structure meant that no revenue was taken. I was just curious, is that a function of the contractual arrangement? Or are there future deliverables that need to be fulfilled and so it's more a delay on how revenue can be taken as a result of future deliverables being required?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: It's because of the size and scale of it. We would look -- this is really accounted for under contract accounting, percent complete. And we did recognize some services revenue in the quarter. It was a small, a relatively small number, but we would have that. It would really look as a ratable deal to us over time. So over the next multiple years, it's similar to the way we're looking at Caterpillar, because it's a similar kind of model that would be a large, really opportunity and win upfront and then recognizing revenue ratably as we deliver on a percent-complete basis.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And is that something that you anticipate will apply to most of the large deals and/or is that something you are deliberately pursuing?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. We will have a few of these, let me put it in that context. And I think it really is what a function of what the customer requires. If they require a larger program like this, we get into a place we'll say really contract accounting is appropriate. I think it is the exception, not the majority of our business.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Ross. It's Jim here. I might say the sales team fought like crazy not to let that happen. So certainly that's not any over strategy of the company, but as these deals get bigger and more complex, the accounts step in and say, I don't think you have the SOE type of evidence to support an unbundling of that transaction, so let's take it all ratably.
Operator: Matt Williams with Evercore Partners.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to, I guess, dig into 2 sort of product areas and get, try and get a little bit more color on what you're seeing there. Obviously, a good quarter, again, in Servigistics, and the year obviously, the expectations look higher than what you initially thought. But I guess, underlying that, the organic sort of SLM business has been a little bit weaker. So I'm just curious if you could provide a little color on some of the dynamics there and how we should think about the relationship between Servigistics and some of your core SLM offerings going forward?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Matt, first of all, good morning. That's a very interesting question, because you may remember when we acquired Servigistics, we were very clear that we were going to move to integrate it quickly. And as a consequence of that, the PTC sales force quickly jumped into the game and started running Servigistics' campaigns. And so some amount -- and the distinction between organic and Servigistics that we're talking about here on this call, is completely lost on a sales guy, who is just trying to win a deal. And so some amount of the upside in Servigistics is driven by the PTC sales force who are running these campaigns as an entry point, planning to drag the organic stuff in later, but it's very difficult for us to sort of separate the 2 and say that 1/2 is doing better than the other 1/2, because, in fact, it's executed as a bundle. So for us, it's more meaningful really in terms of our operations to think about how is the bundle doing. So that's my view of the situation.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, the other area I was interested in is this the ALM business. And I know back in June, we talked about that they're fairly complex sales and that the sales cycles could be a little bit longer there. So just curious as to what you're seeing, sort of around the pipeline build in ALM and how the sales cycles are performing in that business? And then, I guess beyond that, sort of how you're continuing to think about the cross-sell opportunity for ALM into the existing PLM base?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I think when we look at our data for ALM both historical performance and pipeline going forward, it looks a lot like PLM. The business is not doing relatively worse than PLM. It's actually maybe doing a notch better than our PLM business. And when we look at the pipeline going forward, it's a pretty good-looking pipeline as is PLM. So I think that, that actually says, there is a fair amount of cross-sell, and we're selling the same kinds of stuff to the same kinds of customers. And whatever reasons they might use the delay our PLM purchase are the same reasons I would use to delay our downsize an ALM purchase. So I think our view is, it's been a good acquisition. It's performed relatively well, and the pipeline looks relatively good going forward. So the premise, if you will, of the acquisition feels completely intact to us.
Operator: Jay Vleeschhouwer for Greg Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, I'd like to follow up on the earlier line of questioning about your CAD business, particularly your CAD support revenues, which of course, grow your largest single-line item of revenue. Your active CAD seat count grew sequentially in the prior quarter, according to your prepared remarks. But there's now been 3 sequential quarters of decline in CAD support revenue. Could you talk about the influences inside that number in terms of flow-through of prior weakness in new CAD ASPs or currency or perhaps even mix? And how are you thinking about that number in the context review of fiscal '14 guidance, then 1 or 2 follow-ups.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Jeff, you might have to help me out here. I'm looking at -- the data I'm looking says that our CAD maintenance, or what we now call support revenue, was essentially flat year-over-year.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I'd say, if you look at this, the 2 areas that have been impacted in terms of the reported dollars, I mean, I think you cited the CAD seats have performed well. If you -- and I'd want to get back to you with constant currency data, because we do have a significant headwind particularly in Japan, as an example, where the yen is off close to 20%. And that's a big support business for CAD. So there's been a headwind, clear headwind on currency for both the quarter and the year. And overall, the seats are up. So I would say that's a piece of the puzzle. I don't have all the data in front of me, we could follow-up with that.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I'm looking at a little bit more data here that might be helpful. So on a constant currency basis, our maintenance revenue was up about 1%. Our seat count was up in part because of some large deals, but our license revenue was down, as we've discussed earlier. So I think that in general, license revenue is challenged, maintenance revenue has been holding up pretty well. We've probably, for example, in this order in Japan booked a large seat count, which help seats our maintenance.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I think it will be forward-looking maintenance we have recognition as well. So I'd make one -- just a broad comment, just to maybe take it up a level, Jay. If look at an area of strength and really over performance in the quarter, it was the support business. We continue to, I think, deliver very well against the goals and guidance. And in particular, it's attached rates are 99-plus percent, renewal rates continue to be very strong. So I would just want to make sure that we understand, we understand the how critical, that's 52% of our revenue in the quarter. And I think when you drill into all of those metrics, while there's all these things you could do to make it better, I think that piece of the business is well guided and been performing very well. So I want to make sure we have that context.
James E. Heppelmann: And, Jay, you asked the question about next year. In terms of FY '14, again, we just gave you some color. But within that color, we would expect the maintenance growth rate to be at or maybe slightly better than the company growth rate in FY '14.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Now, to give a somewhat longer-term look. At the conference in Anaheim last month, and some of the management presentations, we heard you speak about your, more or less, having settled into an 18 to 24-month product release schedule for Creo, for example, and for Windchill, which is somewhat different from what your competitors do. But the question for you is, if at some point you did in fact want to move to a more ratable model, somewhat follow-up-ing on Ross' point earlier, at least the Windchill, do you need to have a more rapid release schedule roughly every year or so, to underpin that kind of a ratable or subscription model for at least some of the product lines?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, you're asking how would we react to a strategy to go to a ratable model, but we haven't actually haven't declared a strategy to go to a ratable model, so it's hard to answer that question.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And referring back to the comments you made earlier about Renault, you included Caterpillar or your experience of Cat in that answer. But when you look back at what happened in 2011, early 2012, with the Cat business for SLM, there were 2 or 3 quarters of pretty substantial upsides to revenues and then a pretty sharp falloff thereafter. So when you say ratable in the context of Renault, do you mean actually even levels of revenue over some period of quarters? Or do you think the experience might be the same with a spike for a couple of quarters and then a falloff?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So let me just say that the way we look at the timing it's a percent complete. So if we deliver more in a particular activity or in a particular timeframe with more resource on it, we'll recognize more revenue. So this will ebb-and-flow over time. It's not what I'll call direct linear, where you say it's a 24-month project and you divide by 24. It's going to be based on the work completed and the hours put in against the estimate to complete. So it will move around a little bit, but I think fundamentally, to think about a big win like Caterpillar, most of the revenue rec is ahead of us in both Renault and Caterpillar kinds of deals. They were big wins and they represent kind of annuity streams that we'll recognize over the next several years. So I can't probably be any more specific.
James E. Heppelmann: I might feel that I think I know what you see. So let me respond to that. In the case of Caterpillar, we did multiple back-to-back contracts. Some of those first contracts had revenue rec upfront and then the really, it was the third contract that we went ratable on. So at that point, you stop really seeing meaningful license revenue even though you might have seen some earlier. There's been a steady diet of services revenue coming out of the Caterpillar projects, right? So Renault, if we were to break that out in our reporting, for the next number of quarters we'll look like a good chunk of services revenue and probably a little bit of license revenue, but you're never going to see a big pop in license revenue coming out of this Renault contract, even though it does contain license revenue.
James E. Heppelmann: Okay, I think we got time for one more caller.
Operator: Richard Davis with Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Have you seen any pricing pressure at all on your support pricing at all? Some companies have, some companies haven't. I was just wondering.
James E. Heppelmann: No, we're not really seeing any pricing pressure. In fact, we'll probably see a pricing opportunity. Our renewal metrics are high. Our attach metrics are high. We feel like there's opportunities probably around pricing, there's opportunities around discounting, et cetera. So our maintenance or support business, as we call it, is full speed ahead. Okay, I think that wraps up this morning's call. We'd like to thank everybody for their questions and their support, and we look forward to speaking with you.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: As we're saying, we look forward to speaking with you with our next earnings call and then probably shortly thereafter, an Investor Day and then we'll get back to you on dates for that.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I was just trying to tell Kristian I want an opportunity to thank you, all, and thank you for your time here this morning, I appreciate that. And for your support and all the great questions. I'm always impressed by how insightful you guys are to the things that make our business stick. So I appreciate that and I appreciate your time. Thanks a lot, and we'll talk to you again soon. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox James E. Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of National First Executive Advisory Board Jeffrey D. Glidden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Yun S. Kim - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Chris Hogan - Barclays Capital, Research Division Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to PTC's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Thanks, Evan. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. We are hosting our Q2 and outlook call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everybody that this call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products of our anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumptions of PTC's management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC's Form 8-K filed yesterday, and our most recent Form 10-K, and Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. All financial measures in this presentation are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measures is located in our prepared remarks document on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com. With us on the call this morning is Jim Heppelmann, our CEO; and Jeff Glidden, our CFO. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Heppelmann: Thank you, Tim. Good morning, everybody and thank you for joining us here on our second quarter fiscal 2013 earnings call. Overall, I'm pleased with our Q2 results, which I would characterize as reflecting solid execution in a top-selling environment. Our license revenue and overall revenue came in roughly as expected. And once again, during the quarter, we kept a strong focus on margins which allowed us to deliver an earnings result that was above our guidance range and substantially ahead of last year. Also, relative to last quarter, we saw an improved balance of the organic business and the acquired Servigistics business. Our services revenue was down slightly year-over-year, primarily due to slower license growth in recent periods driving less overall services demand. While PTC service revenue has slowed, our service partners are continuing to ramp their bookings and delivery capabilities at a brisk pace. We don't see a slowdown in PTC services revenue as an issue, because as we've discussed, our overall margin expansion strategy requires that we have less services revenue in the mix in addition to higher margins on the services work that we do perform. So while less services revenue has the effect of slowing our overall growth rate a bit, it is actually helpful to our margin expansion strategy. I feel that this quarter's gross margin performance demonstrates that this strategy is paying off. When we spoke to you 90 days ago, we were expecting a tough second quarter, but we were hopeful that we see some improvement in selling conditions as we moved into the back half of fiscal 2013. In hindsight, I would say that Q2 played out as anticipated, but the most recent manufacturing data points suggest that the back half situation is not yet improving. And the earnings results of a number of enterprise software companies suggest that we're not alone in our view of a difficult macro environment. The latest manufacturing industry reports, some of which you can find on our Investor web page, indicate that European and Japanese manufacturing is in a difficult recession, and the U.S. manufacturing recovery has stumbled as well, recently. Together, those regions represent about 85% of our revenue. So while we're hopeful of improved selling conditions going into fiscal 2014, our new guidance for fiscal 2013 assumes no meaningful improvement in the back half, plus the additional challenges of a more difficult foreign exchange rate and an assumption that partners continue to take on more of the services demand. As I've said previously, during this period of slower growth, the management team at PTC remains focused on margin expansion, and we believe that our earnings guidance, the range of $1.70 to $1.80, is achievable in this environment. Despite the difficult short-term economic headwinds, we remain very excited about our longer-term strategy. On a competitive basis, we had a very strong quarter, landing 4 new domino-type accounts in Q2. One of the key wins came from the customer whose large PLM purchase was blocked 1 year ago by an acquiring company. We were pleased that after a lot of follow-on analysis and debate between this customer and its acquirer, the decision for PTC ultimately prevailed. Though I'll point out that the current contracting arrangement is different than the large upfront deal we were closing in on a year ago. On a broader note, we continue to hear customers and prospects say that they feel that PTC is headed in the same direction they are, toward a vision of smart products created for global markets and delivered with or even through a services strategy. We see many traditional product companies, both adding smarts to their products, and as well beefing up their after-sales service and revenue strategies. In parallel, the most advanced companies are going further than that, and are already implementing power by the hour for jet engines, medical diagnostic equipment that's deployed on a pay-per-use basis; and even delivering offerings such as the Hubway bicycles as a service, and the zip car automobiles as a service, that we have here in Boston. That means that for our manufacturing customers, the environment is changing quickly, and with our newer ALM and SLM strategies, complementing strong CAD and industry-leading PLM offerings, PTC is uniquely equipped to help these customers transform in the response to the disruptive forces they're feeling around smart products and service-based business models. With this strategy, we've captured a lot of customer interest and we built a solid pipeline of opportunities that we can now see and monitor. With our focus on margin expansion, we're creating a business model that has a lot of leverage. So when the environment improves, we'll be very well positioned. But in the meantime, here in the difficult environment of 2013, we are working diligently to ensure that we deliver a fourth consecutive year of earnings growth in or around that 20% range. So with that, I'll turn it over to our CFO, Jeff Glidden, who will review some of the key financial metrics for the quarter.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Thank you. As Jim said, we are very pleased with our Q2 earnings performance. Non-GAAP gross margins increased to 72.5%, operating profit margin was 20%, and we delivered EPS of $0.41 per share. Our favorable earnings performance in Q2 resulted from a combination of lower overall spending and favorable revenue mix. As part of our plan to achieve our FY '13 operating margin targets, we have reduced staffing by approximately 4%, and we will continue to closely monitor and control spending levels throughout our business. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with cash of $241 million. In the second quarter, we generated $83 million in cash flow from operations, repaid $60 million in debt, repurchased $19 million of PTC's stock and spent $5 million in capital expenditures. Now turn -- now looking ahead to our outlook for Q3 and FY '13. Given the macro environment and the headwinds from foreign exchange, we are reducing our full year revenue outlook while maintaining our EPS guidance. For FY '13, we expect revenue to be $1,305,000,000 to $1,315,000,000, including license revenue of $350 million to $360 million, support revenue of approximately of $650 million and services revenue of $305 million. This outlook reflects the unfavorable impact of currency of $10 million from our prior guidance, the lowered license and maintenance outlook reflecting the continued slowdown in the manufacturing sector, and we have reduced our service revenue estimates to reflect both the unfavorable macro factors coupled with a strategy to direct more service -- services revenue to our services partners. As we continue to expand our services partner ecosystem, we are also clearly focused on driving our services margin to greater than 13% in FY '13 and to 15% by FY '15. We remain committed to expanding margins and driving increased profitability. We are targeting to expand our FY '13 operating margin to approximately 21.5% with the EPS guidance, as Jim cited, of $1.70 to $1.80 for the year. I would note that we are holding our EPS outlook for fiscal 2013 despite the negative currency impact of approximately $0.04 per share from our prior guidance. For FY -- for Q3, we expect revenue to be in the range of $315 million to $330 million, including license revenue of $80 million to $90 million. We expect to deliver non-GAAP EPS of $0.40 to $0.45 a share. We also estimate our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 22% in Q3 and 22% for the full year. And finally, a few comments on uses of cash for FY '13. In addition to the acquisition of Servigistics, which was completed in Q1, we expect to repay some $120 million in debt and to repurchase approximately $55 million to $75 million in stock during the year. Thank you for your support, and I will now turn the call back over to Tim Fox.
Tim Fox: Thank you. Evan, we're all set for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, Jeff, I noticed in your prepared remarks that there was a sequential decline in your access base of CAD seats, which has typically been your largest source of revenue, the maintenance from that. Do you expect Q2 to represent the low point in terms of your active basic CAD seats or might there be some further decline over the balance of the year? And in addition, the Servigistics license revenue was down sequentially from Q1. I understand that, that newer business can be somewhat volatile, but how do you think about that as any kind of a leading or coincidental indicator of the business? For instance, do you see customers like Caterpillar and others cutting back in that area and potentially subsequently cutting back in other areas as well?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Jay, this Jeff. I'll take the first piece of that and Tim (sic) [Jim] will take the second. On the CAD seats, this is a seasonally slower quarter for us, typically. And so we would expect, while it's a slightly lower, it's really a seasonal thing, some timings, and we would expect to see that CAD seat number go back up in Q3 and grow from there. So I think we -- as you know, we look deeply at all of the -- both attach rates, retention rates and so forth, and we feel very good about those metrics.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Jay, it's Jim. On the second part of your question around Servigistics and maybe SLM in general, Servigistics was down sequentially. But keep in mind, last quarter, while it was our fourth -- our first quarter, it was their fourth quarter. And to be fair, they greatly over performed the expectation we had for them in our first quarter. In our second quarter, being what would have been their first quarter, they exceeded our plan. So it's down sequentially, I would say, for seasonality reasons. And partly for big deal reasons, that's a big deal that business, but we're pretty pleased with the performance they put up this quarter. It was above plan in our view of solid performance, not quite the blow-out type of quarter they had previously, but nonetheless, pretty solid. So I think, on the SLM side, we're not seeing at Caterpillar or anywhere else, people stopping these projects or slowing these projects down. I think everybody, for every project that involves information technology, irrespective of what part of their business and how it's deployed, I think they're just being more careful. Companies whose own revenue is either not growing or in the case of a lot of European and Japanese manufacturers, actually declining, you are just very careful where they commit resources and spend their money. So that said, I feel like SLM is one of the safer places to be across the spectrum of opportunities that an information technology company could find themselves.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, just 2 follow-ups, one on product, one on customer. You mentioned that the large customer that had missed -- or contributed to the miss in the March quarter a year ago, now closed. But that in terms of the revenue recognition were somewhat different, perhaps not quite as much upfront. Could you elaborate on that at all? And if not all indicative, do you think of the way other large-deal customers might go in terms of their structuring of the deals? And then lastly, in the product side, could you just update us on your thinking on the timing of releases this year? For instance, the Windchill X-24 release, is that still coming out in the next couple of months? Anything else you can comment on in terms of your release schedule or even philosophy towards annual releases?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So on the customer point, we've always had a situation where some customers are willing to take a bigger upfront commitment, typically in exchange for a bigger discount, whereas other customers want to be a little conservative and do a smaller upfront project, prove to themselves that it works and then place follow-on orders. And I think you should think that this customer flipped from that first model of the bigger upfront commitment to the second model of a smaller upfront commitment. But I will tell you, we have in the contracts some pretty big options to expand this thing, sort of prenegotiated expansion options. So I think that, that project is a good project. We would have loved to get the sort of mega deals that we were expecting to get last quarter, but there's some goodness in having it spread out over time as well, I guess. So now the question is, is that typical of what we would see from other customers? Yes, it is. I mean, I think in this recent period of macro difficulties, more and more big deals end up being small -- a series of smaller deals or a smaller deal now instead of a big deal now. And then as things pick up, we have sort of almost a backlog, if you will, of opportunity from these same customers. So I think that's a bit one of the issues that's making the big deal business harder in this economic environment. On the product side, from my perspective, our products plans are more or less on target. We do have releases coming out throughout the year. But if I sort of say what are the things that are really moving the needle, and most critical, it's the releases we've already shipped. It's the Creo 2.0 software, which is now seeing a strong wave of adoption in the customer base. As you know, Creo was a reinvention of our Pro/ENGINEER flagship product line. And when we came out with the Creo 1.0 software, so we won lots of accolades and lots of awards, but we didn't win a lot of adoption, because customers said, "Hey, it's great, but it's different. And when things are different, I like to wait for release 2." So release 2 now is getting a lot of adoption and some great customer stories about productivity improvements by simply upgrading to this new release in software and so far. And then on the Windchill side, we're now working on what's essentially Windchill 10.2, but if I back up, Windchill 10 was the big release, because that really updated the Windchill user experience by a whole generation, sort of similar to what we have done with Creo. So 10.1 was important because it was, again, that second release of this new experience, 10.2 now adds more and more capabilities to that. And what we're doing is important, but I would actually say what we've already done in the last year or 2 is the most important stuff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan Chase.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I want to follow up on one of the earlier themes. And Jim you've partially answered this, I just want to go a little bit deeper, you talked about some of the challenges other enterprise software companies have had as well. And I think a lot of us are trying to get a better understanding. Do you think customers just have smaller budgets than what we realized coming into the year, and that's why we're seeing the lower spending? Do you take it they've got budgets to do more, but they're holding off to see what happens economically for the back half of the year? Or something else?
James E. Heppelmann: I think, Sterling, I think though it's really that latter category where, much like PTC, there is a plan to spend some money. And then there is suddenly a more conservative posture [ph], people looking at forecasts, whether it's industry forecast, GDP forecast, what have you, and saying, "Boy, I'm not sure this year, from a revenue standpoint, is going to shape up the way we're thinking it would even a quarter or 2 ago. Let's just be conservative and not yet commit all of that money." So I think a lot of it is a confidence factor around budgets that have been issued. There's probably some amount of the budget wasn't issued, but I think, even where the budget was issued, customers are dealing with the confidence factor, and we understand that well at PTC because we are dealing with the confidence issue, and that's why we'll manage down our spending, so that we can hold that $1.70 to $1.80 earnings guidance even on somewhat softer revenue.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And can you give us a sense from a vertical industry perspective? Is more of the sluggish outlook concentrated in 1 or 2 verticals? And maybe, I think it's been a little bit, can you give us an update as to maybe your top 3 verticals at this point?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So the verticals have jumped around. I would say the only thing that's notable right now is, of course, the defense. Typically, we speak about aerospace and defense, but in this case, I would separate the 2, because I think commercial aerospace is quite strong, the Embraer type of win from a quarter ago. All the work we're doing with Airbus and Eurocopter and so forth, as well as the Chinese aerospace firms. So on the commercial side, there is a generational change of aircraft happening that's driving those companies to do pretty good business. On the defense side, both aircraft and otherwise, other types of equipment, that's coming from government budgets which are in full on crisis mode right now. So the defense side is a difficult place to be right now. And historically, that was pretty good business for PTC, so that's an issue now that actually dates back, I don't know, 6, 8 quarters since that's been under a lot of pressure. But that's probably the place where we've given up the most [indiscernible]. I think that if I look at the best places, generally, our Electronics business is doing well. Our Life Sciences business is doing pretty well. Our Retail business is doing pretty well. Our Automotive business is doing okay. It was doing really well a year ago, and now we're comparing, in some respects, against that really well period. And it's not up as much again, but still at levels much higher than it was 2 or 3 years ago. So that's a quick view of what I see happening.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Williams with Evercore Partners.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I'm just curious and I don't know to what sort of level of granularity you're comfortable around sort of talking about this, but obviously a big portion of the guidance, sort of down tick, is related to services revenue and your expectations there. I guess, within that, how much of that is related to just the slower license growth? And how much of it is related to successfully kind of offloading some of that business to your partners? Because obviously, the partners' bookings were up very high in this quarter. I'm just trying to get a sense going forward what sort of baked into that?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, okay. Well, Matt, and I noticed you picked up coverage on the company recently, so thank you for that. Glad to have you with us. It's a very good question. Because if you look at the guidance down tick in revenue, you're exactly right. There was a chunk that's related to currency, and then there's a big chunk that's related to services. And what I would say is the overall body of services demand is down a bit naturally because license sales have been softer of late. That said, our services partners are growing quickly, and there would be a theoretical opportunity for us to claw back some of the revenue they're taking if our objective was to grow our own services revenue. We think that would be short-term thinking, because in the long term, we want the service economy to continue to grow. And the success they're having is actually pretty important to where we're trying to go in the longer run, and we don't really care to disrupt that to claw back some of that revenue, that while it boosts our revenue number, it isn't that helpful, quite frankly, to our profitability story. So just to put this in perspective, when we began this partner program more aggressively, I don't know, a year or 2 ago, at the time we said that we want our partners to move from doing roughly 20% of the deployment work and we're doing 80% to get to a balance more like 50-50 over a 4, let's say, year period. Well, this year, they'll do about 30%. So the growth rate for our partners to go from -- a partner ecosystem to go from doing 20% to 30%, they need 50% growth. So their growth rates are high and our growth rates are low, and we're resisting the temptation to try to disrupt some of their growth to drive some of our growth because that's not really our strategy. So that's a good chunk of the take down, and it's a take down that, that particular piece, we don't feel bad about.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. That makes a lot of sense. And just maybe one follow-up, if I could. Just a little commentary from you guys on sort of the conditions in the Americas, relative to EMEA and Asia-Pacific where it looked like maybe a little bit of stabilization in those areas, and maybe Americas was a little bit lighter than you are anticipating, but just maybe a little bit of color there.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, okay, that's a good question, too. I think personally, I'm more pleased with the results we got out of EMEA and Asia-Pacific than I am regarding North America. There is no doubt that the North American recovery has stumbled. You saw that in the March PMI data, where after quarters, many quarters of successive improvement, suddenly, there was a substantial drop in March and it surprised everybody. So I definitely think that the U.S. had a recovery going. That recovery was disrupted. That hurt companies who were counting on that U.S. recovery, including PTC. Our results were not great, and that's compared against a year-ago period where they were not great either. Our results in Europe were okay, but compared to -- in a more difficult situation, they were okay. So I think our European guys did relatively well given their environment. I think if you look at -- let's just look at Asia in general. Our Japan business did phenomenal, though, let's not get too excited, because a couple of large deals moved that significantly, and a few large deals don't constitute an overall trend. But in China, there is an overall trend. There's an overall trend of good, consistent solid performance in an economy that's slower than it used to be, but heck of a lot better than everywhere else in the world. So I feel pretty good about what's happening in the background.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'm wondering if we can take step back from a product delivery perspective. Obviously, you're Servigistics business has some SaaS components, but could you kind of talk about the longer-term strategy about how you see, maybe, customer demand? Obviously, it seems like customers are choosing for smaller implementations thus far. How do you kind of think about SaaS in your overall strategy?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I think there are 2 elements to SaaS: one is a pricing model, an economic model; and the second one is a technical delivery model. And I think we can almost look at these things a little bit it separately. And that's because in the PLM camp, there is not a big push to have the delivery come from the cloud. But there is growing interest in a different economic model. For example, term purchases or things like that as opposed to perpetual purchases. And that's true of CAD as well, by the way, that we do see interest in term purchases. I think in the SLM camp, where we do have somewhat of a SaaS business already, I think there's a much bigger appetite for both the economic model and the delivery vehicle. So I think you're going to see us get incrementally more aggressive around SaaS, both as an economic and a delivery model in the SLM business. And I think in the PLM business, we'll explore taking more deals on a ratable basis, but of course, that's not helpful for revenue on the short term. And I think there's also probably an opportunity for more of a managed service approach where PTC plays a bigger role in owning -- both deploying and owning the technology after it's deployed, even if it's not up in some public cloud in a shared tenant, multi-tenant kind of system.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then maybe a quick one for Jeff. The midpoint of your license guidance, is that dependent on any megadeals?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So it's -- the way we look at this, we clearly have large and mega opportunities in the back half. When we look at the current quarter guidance to get to the low end of the range, we don't count in a megadeal. To get into the mid or the upper end, we would expect that there's some megadeal that could happen. Sometimes, we may have a couple of those. As Jim would say, they may come together like we described the deal from a year ago, maybe the smaller rate, we might get a couple of those. So I think we feel we've appropriately -- we've been prudent on the guidance for Q3.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, maybe, Matt, if I could just add two cents to that. One year ago, in the May time frame, we began the go live process for salesforce.com and sort of modern-day pipeline management here at PTC. And so we really have a data point from Q4, Q1 and Q2 as it relates to closed rates against pipeline coverage. And if we look at our pipeline for the back half of the year, and we look at those sort of closed rates and apply those sort of closed rates to the pipeline we have, we're in pretty good shape. That said, we're trying to be a little conservative to say that closed rates probably won't be better and might even be a little worse depending upon what happens with the economy. So I feel like we're conservative on the guidance, as we should be, but have a decent-looking pipeline just concerned of timing and whether deals closed as big deals or small deals and things like that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Davis with Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: How would you characterize -- you planned at a handful of these domino accounts. Have they kind of -- those kind of a land and expand strategy, and I'm just trying to figure out, do you feel that it's done as well as you wanted to? In other words, have you expanded off those beach heads or whatever phrase you want to use, or is there still work to be done, and how would you kind of think about that?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I think if you go to the big deal table that we gave you -- but if you go to the big deal data that we published for you, you can see that, that data is customers that we did a lot of revenue with in the quarter. Not necessarily just license revenue but license and service revenue in the quarter. And what typically happens is that a lot of those big deals in the current quarter are actually dominoes from previously quarters, following us along for a large number of quarters. So for example, I'm sure Embraer, while it was on the list last quarter as a big license transaction, it will be on the list this quarter with a lot of follow-on services work, and it will be there for a few more quarters. And then at some point, there's more license opportunity again at Embraer, in this case, particularly in the SLM side. So I think we've done a good job of continuing to monetize the wins that we have. Where, I think, we probably suffered the bottleneck, it's our ability to keep winning these things at the sort of the rate that we had been back in 2011, for example, when the manufacturing economy was going gangbusters.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yun Kim with Janney Capital Markets.
Yun S. Kim - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Jim, following up on the services question, a couple of speakers ago, can you give us some sense on what drove that huge traction that you generated from partners all of a sudden? I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks, 200% year-over-year bookings growth from your partners. Was there special incentive out given? And also, how lumpy is this transition going to be going forward and whether you have the capacity to manage any lumpiness?
James E. Heppelmann: So if you look at the services booking number, in terms of -- let's note that it's bookings number, as opposed to a revenue number, which means if the services guys take a big booking, that number surges even if their revenue has to be delivered over several quarters. So definitely, in the 200%, there were some bigger lumps of bookings. So I think it would be inaccurate to think that those guys are running at a continuous 200% growth rate. It was 200% in the quarter and I already told you the map suggests that they got to be running somewhere in the 50% on a continuous basis to get to the objectives we're aiming for. So I think there definitely was some lumpiness. Now for you guys in our services number, we don't publish bookings. We talk to you about revenue and there tends not to be lumpiness in revenue simply because when we get a big lumpy booking, that gets then spread over time in more of a steadier stream of revenue. So you see from us revenue that particularly comment, that Tim wrote about was a bookings comment.
Yun S. Kim - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. But do you expect maybe the -- so from a simply the resource capacity point of view, do you expect the transition to be more of a lumpy like a big deal-driven or do you expect that transition to be more smooth kind of smoother, so you won't see any kind of impact on your -- not only on your revenue number, but also on the margin side as well? Because sometimes if you don't have capacity and there's demand, you may have to hire third-party contractors.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So these partners are, in effect, third-party contractors, just that we're not passing the paper through our books. So generally, these partners run at margins, much less than PTC. Many of these partners are companies you know, the Accentures and so forth, who have pretty good margins but a lot of them are specialist PLM system integrators that operate in a region like Europe or something and they're companies you've never heard of. Some of them also are resellers who sell and service our products in SMB, but might service some of our customers, at the low end of our direct space. And again, those are companies that aren't household names and don't run at the kind of margins we do. So they're more able to absorb the lumpiness because they're not reporting publicly every 90 days in what's happening. So I think that from a PTC perspective, we do not anticipate lumpiness in our revenue results. We think that the service partners can absorbed these lumps without people really seeing that because they're generally not doing public reporting on them. And they like these big bookings. So what's really happening is when a deal is being pursued, PTC is typically in one of 3 modes, either we're going to do the whole thing ourselves or the opposite end of the spectrum is we're not going to do any of it and the middle ground is we're going to share it. And I would say, smaller deals and in certain deals, we tend to offload the whole thing. And then bigger wins, we tend to share. For example, in the Embraer deal, we shared a big chunk of the services work to deliver that thing over time, so a partner got a big booking, and so did PTC but we're sharing that one.
Yun S. Kim - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. I have another question. So given that you have a wide range of products with both Servigistics and MKS acquisitions in recent years and along with other small acquisitions, can you just talk about how you are progressing in terms of cross-selling opportunity overall? Is there any like a specialty management generation program to monetize on cross-selling opportunities, any sales incentives? And has anyone shown any interest in doing a large ELA across the product type of deal?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I'm actually pretty pleased now with our cross-selling opportunity. If we take SLM first, we have quite a substantial SLM pipeline, and it really comes from sort of 3 areas: PTC guys selling traditional PTC stuff, Servigistics guys selling traditional Servigistics stuff, and then the third camp is PTC guys starting to fill up a pipeline of Servigistics stuff, and there's a lot of that going on right now. And I think PTC, traditional sales guys, feel like the Servigistics stuff is pretty natural conversation to start with a customer you have a good relationship with. So I think, on the Servigistics side, it's going very well in terms of both post-merger integration and cross-selling. If I reflect back on MKS, our strategy had been to keep that a little separate for a year. You might remember, we thought -- our thinking at the time was this business is a business we're not in. We should let the management team operate it for a while as we get to understand and so forth. But going into 2013, we collapsed those 2 together much more and really integrated this thing more mainstream. So such that the PTC sales force was actively selling the ALM offering. And I would say, their too, we have both pretty nice-looking pipeline now, much of which has been created by traditional PTC sales reps. But also some big wins. There is very large high-tech company in China, who has become a very significant PLM customer of ours over the years and we've now begun the ALM journey with them in this past quarter, so that's a good example, just one anecdote, but a good example of an account that MKS never could have gotten to. And yet for us, it's a nice expansion of a very meaningful relationship we have in a region they didn't even have coverage.
Operator: Our next question comes from Perry Huang with Goldman Sachs.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask another question about Servigistics. Based on Servigistics' revenue for the first half of the year, looks like guidance sort of implies, I guess, a slightly lower revenue contribution in the back half. If you assume full year revenue of about say, $80 million to $90 million. And the seasonality looks like it differs from the overall business, which typically accelerates somewhat in the back half of the year. Is this due to, I guess, the strong first quarter that Servigistics had or is it based on kind of what you're seeing in the pipeline?
James E. Heppelmann: I think it is the effect of overlaying the Servigistics seasonal model into the PTC seasonal model because whereas PTC sees this fiscal year as quarter 1, 2, 3, 4. Servigistics' sees it as quarter 4, 1, 2, 3 and that's a little bit why Q1 is so strong and we're not necessarily thinking that, that will have the same, let's call it hockey stick, that we would see in the PTC numbers.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you, that make sense. And if I could for a follow-on, a quick question around guidance. It looks like the full year revenue range was tightened to a spread of $10 million. I think it was $30 million the last time it was provided. Given that there's still the back half of the year to go, and also considering the current business environment, I guess, what are the underlying assumptions sort of giving you comfort in a tighter range at this point? I guess, based on Jim's comments earlier, it seems -- it sounds like it's based on what you're seeing in the pipeline and sort of the closed rate assumptions you're making.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. I think as Jim said -- Perry, this is Jeff. The pipeline continues to build its -- and that feels good. This clearly -- when we look at the back half, we think we've got a number of -- a good handle around the opportunities and I think as a result of where we see ourselves today, we've tightened that range up a little bit and probably taken the high-end down a little bit because of macro factors and think we have a good visibility into the pipeline. We left it a little broader, a little more open at $15 million range for the quarter, partly just to reflect the questions that we have around timing, will the deal close in June or July? Typically, we have a very strong -- a stronger back half and particularly strong Q4. So I think we just have tuned it a bit and feel pretty good about the visibility we have at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan with Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Can I ask about costs? So I'm trying to understand the layering in if you will, of the cost reductions because we did have some headcount, come out of the business in March. And I noticed that in Q2, your opening expenses were actually still up slightly year-over-year but nicely down sequentially. And yes, I think you said, headcount now was about 4% lower. So I'm just trying to understand, when I think about 4% lower headcount, is it wrong to assume operating expenses down 4%? For example, in the second half of the year? Or could you sort of frame how this sort of layering effect took the headcount reduction that's going to flow through operating expenses?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Sure, we'll do that. Recall that in September and October, when we acquired Servigistics, we actually added 400 people to the whole organization. And so, from that base, we've taken about 4%, about 250 or so out of the base and I just make a couple of comments. We did take some actions in October. And then early in January, and so by doing that early January, we got more of a benefit in the second quarter than we might have provided as guidance. We've also held and as you know, we're holding on all areas of spending whether that be travel, et cetera, et cetera. So we're holding on program spending too. So we're pleased with the cost position, really, the cost structure that we execute to and it helps us going forward. I would expect, while we've taken those actions, we've got some seasonal things like PlanetPTC that occurs or PTC Live now that occurs in June, so there would be likely, that you'd see a sequential small uptick in spending in Q3 and then potentially again in Q3 -- in Q4 really related to commissions and end of the year programs. So I think we've got a pretty good base of cost structure. We'll continue to manage and monitor that but would expect this to increase slightly sequentially in Q3 and again in Q4. And I think because you really can't do a full comparison to last year because it didn't include Servigistics.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. That's really what I was looking for. And then just maybe on sales capacity. One of the things you guys have talked about some time, is that you don't have any tire because you're still basically up significantly, organically and inorganically on quota-carrying reps. And they're still obviously not as productive as we would like them to be in a sort of normal macroeconomic environment. Just to be clear, is that still the ongoing assumption, and so hiring won't really turn until you have conviction that you're seeing the improvement, and maybe more importantly, hiring won't return until you get back to appropriate levels of productivity?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Ross, this is Jim, and I'll take the first stab at that. So if you look at the capacity data that's in Tim's prepared remarks, you can see there was a period, where we cranked up capacity a lot, both acquired and organically. And in theory, we have not yet harvested the full benefit of that capacity yet, and I think it's fair to say that our productivity numbers are unimpressive. And by getting much more productive, we could drive a lot of upside growth. However, having said that, I think it's actually harder to make people more productive than it is to add more of them, so I think the prudent thing for us to do is make sure we have the right balance of assumptions. I don't think we feel like we can grow a lot just based on productivity yet there is ample room over a long period of time to grow a lot based on productivity improvement. So I think in the short-term, we've been holding the headcount flattish. It was down slightly but I'm going to put that in the category of round-off area. So we're holding capacity flattish and trying to ramp productivity. I think that there are 2 factors at war with each other. One is the people we've added in previous period are gaining tenure and experience and pipeline and they are becoming, on one hand, more productive. And then on the other hand, this whole macro overlay and headwind is sort of canceling out some of that progress and the net is our sales guys as a whole are slightly more productive, right now than they were, let's say, year ago. We probably hoped they be much more productive, but I think the macro factor, definitely creates somewhat of a headwind on that productivity expansion.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And maybe one last one. Just big picture. So in the last couple of years with Servigistics and MKS, the prior year, you've made some, what I would call, reasonably large acquisitions with consideration values in the $200 million to $300 million range. Just without being specific, what are your thoughts around future M&A? Are we in a period where it's unlikely that we would see deals on that size, as we go forward over the next few quarters or how would you frame your thought process around M&A?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I think our thought process is when we find companies that seem to fit really well, at prices that make sense, and if we have the capacity to do it, then the stars start to align and we get really interested. That's what happened with MKS, and that's what happened with Servigistics. I would say, we don't have a strategy or a goal to do a certain amount of M&A. We really have a strategy to build a great company, see M&A as a lever and then look for those special opportunities like MKS and Servigistics. Just for the record, we're pretty proud of how those 2 companies have performed and not only that but the strategic differentiation that we've been able to create. I talked a little bit about smart products and service business model and those -- that's exactly where we've gone, and the interesting thing is as we've gone there, we become more interesting I think, to a very large range of customers and incrementally, more different than Siemens and Dassault. That's not really where those 2 companies are headed and so I think we're become more and more relevant and more moderate differentiated, thanks to those acquisitions and at the same time, those acquisitions are performing pretty well for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Hogan with Barclays.
Chris Hogan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The one quick question I had was just around federal as you guys get into your Q4 and obviously the end of the federal fiscal year. On a year-over-year basis, do you expect to see a better close to the federal fiscal year than you saw last year? And maybe just talk about what your expectations are at this point.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. Chris this is Jeff Glidden. I think that there's a lot of uncertainty on the federal side. I think it'd be not prudent to speculate on it. We've got a lot of good activity, a lot of good history with the federal government, so we continue to support it but the sequester and budget challenges, it just keeps getting kicked down the road. While we think there's some really interesting opportunities, I don't think I've ever seen this much uncertainty on where it may land. So I think we're going to continue to pursue it, but I think it'd be very -- wouldn't be appropriate to be anything but cautious on it until we get a better view of budgets and so forth. Even when things are budgeted, the funding sometimes doesn't come through. So good activity, but we got to be very cautious there.
James E. Heppelmann: And Chris, it's Jim. Just anecdotally, I'm aware of some large potential federal transactions that are in the pipeline, but we have kept them out of the forecast for essential that reason.
Chris Hogan - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, okay, that's helpful. And then the last one I have, I mean, I know you've talked about it a little bit, but the resiliency of -- and I know you guys kind of like to be careful how you characterize this, but maybe the resiliency of the SLM business relative to PLM and CAD, can you talk about how you see that just kind of benefiting the broader resiliency of the company as a whole, kind of as it becomes a bigger part of the revenue as we move forward here?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Okay, that's a good question. I think, just to be frank about what we know and don't know, we have an intuition and maybe a few anecdotal suggestions and a couple of quarters of data that suggest SLM can hold up better in a countercyclical type of environment. When people slow down their pursuit of new product development efforts and launch of new products, they didn't turn to a strategy of how can we get more revenue by servicing the products that we already have in the market. And then completely separate from the economy, there is a very large secular movement toward aftersales service strategies. Like I said in my opening remarks, going so far in some cases as product as a service. So we feel like there's a secular trend toward SLM and then separately, there could be a some kind of -- I don't know if it's countercyclic or just holds up better in a difficult environment trend as well. We don't have enough data, though to prove that out, but we see some suggestions that, that story is true, and if it's true, then the larger our SLM business gets, the more it will kind of both buoy PTC in good times as well as bad when you look at the bigger secular trends as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blair Abernethy with Stifel.
Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Jim, just a couple of quick ones on the PLM business. If we look at Windchill 10, it's been out there for a couple of years. Can you just talk to what's -- what percentage of your base or how far of your base are you today and how is it trending?
James E. Heppelmann: So, Blair, I don't have any particular data set in front of me on that to answer that question, but my own intuition and from many campaigns I'm aware of and customers I know, I would say we're well past the 50% point where more than 50% of our base is on 10-point something. Anecdotally I'm thinking it's probably 3.4 of the base. But I honestly don't have a data set in front of me to give you the exact number.
Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's fine. And then secondly, just to clarify, you had said you're looking at or considering ratable pricing for PLM. Is that accurate, I guess, and if so, what kind of timeline are you looking at there?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Jeff might want to a stab at this too. We at PTC have the ability to do term pricing. And on occasion, we do it. It's not heavily favored by the sales force whose compensation structures don't align with it. So that's sort of the underlying issue is, do we want to adjust compensation structures and to the extent we do that, then that also has the effect of moving some amount of forecasted revenue out into the future as well. So we got to think that through. So I think we're interested in doing that. It's not a simple conversation.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: And just add from a customer standpoint, we've clearly, that's what the customer wanted to do if they want a term program, 1 year, 2 years, 3 year, that is certainly available to them, and we'll make sure we don't miss the customer opportunity. But it's a small piece of our business. We are seeing probably more interest in it, but I wouldn't say it's a trend presently.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, and a few of the data points that we have when we've done this. What's interesting is that the customers aren't doing it to save money. They're generally trying to do, in my view, to move from a CapEx model to an OpEx model and in my view, they probably pay us more. But from our perspective, then that comes over time as opposed to upfront so that's the dilemma I've spoken about.
Operator: The final question today comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: So you guys have been pretty upfront here about how [indiscernible] the environment is and manufacturing. So it's not surprising that you're being more cautious on full year license expectations. But it looks like you've stabilized them year-over-year and your guidance implies this continues in the back half even organically. So I'm interested here in kind of maybe a little more color around, what are the company-specific drivers that are helping stabilize that license execution? And in particular, maybe where do you feel about -- how do you feel about your sales execution capability, where you sit now versus a year ago in terms of organization and process? We know about your systems change. And then I do have a follow-up as well.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, okay. That's a great question, Steve. So I think, when I think about PTC's company-specific drivers, I do feel like we have stabilized the organic business. The organic business is flattish, but in an environment where 85% of our revenue is coming from customers that are in recession. So that's sort of a little bit the way I see it. And if I think, well, why is that? On one end, the comps versus a year ago, are easier than they would be in other periods, of course. But we have some good things going for us. There is lot of interest in SLM, both the organic stuff as well as the Servigistics stuff. There's a lot of interest in ALM and quite a brisk pipeline there. The smaller business we call supply chain management, which is both sold to retail companies and as well to manufacturing companies for analytics of supply chain decisions like material properties for REITs [ph] and so forth, that has quite a nice pipeline. And then I think, our Creo pipeline doesn't look bad right now. As we start to move to this product cycle, it's looking more and more optimistic. So I do think we have some company-specific product cycles and/or secular trends and/or better execution on post-merger integration such as the case of MKS, that are starting to solidify things even in an environment that's not as bad as 2009, but it's pretty difficult.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the follow up is really kind of related to that. Maybe a little more color here on that, both direct and indirect. On the indirect side, we were a little surprised to hear your channel is selling Servigistics and seems pretty excited about it. We didn't realize that was going through indirect. There also seems to be a lot of positives, a lot of positives, a lot of excitement around Windchill essentials in the mid-market, so that's the indirect side. And then on the direct side, maybe you could just explain a little bit more when the Servigistics reps got folded and you're not counting that in your flat quota carriers. So those folks are supporting to your quotas and could help boost productivity, isn't that right?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. Let me take a cut at this for a minute, Steve. The first piece, Servigistics is basically a direct model for us and I think there may be some misunderstanding the small amount in the channel...
James E. Heppelmann: Let me clarify what's going on there. In our SLM story, the Servigistics and the organic stuff, within the organic stuff, there are some pieces of technology around 3D documentation and technical document in general, for example, this company we acquired some years ago called ITEDO, pieces of ArborText. There's a piece of technology called Creo Illustrate that is in fact sold by the channel, more as an extension of the engineering environment in the technical publishing, not as the enterprise transformation towards a service business model. So there is a piece of revenue that they are getting credit for and that's legitimately sold [ph]. But I -- it would be inaccurate to think that they're outselling Servigistics.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: And then I'm wondering Windchill essentials. Any color there? Is that helping? And then lastly, just maybe a bit of a question here, little bit of color on how you folded those Servigistics reps and are they being counted in your quota-carrier headcount and how is that dynamic actually working?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Okay, so on the first piece, PLM essentials is off to great start. We've had a nice market response to that, so we're pretty good progress building pipeline and some great customer anecdote and so forth. So far, so good or even better than that. As it stands right now, the Servigistics overlays are -- or the Servigistics sales force is viewed as overlays. So you're right that, that's a new body of overlays that we created in the last year, which at some point in time, will be repurposed into more direct roles, which will give us added capacity without added cost. That is a form of sales organization productivity, not necessarily rep productivity but productivity at the organizational level and productivity at the level of what does the company spend on sales and marketing as a percent of revenue.
Tim Fox: Great. Thanks, folks. Before I hand this back to Jim for our closing remarks, just a few advertisements here. We're going to be attending 3 conferences in May, first will be the Jefferies TMT Conference on May 7th, followed by JPMorgan's Global TMT Conference on the 16th, and then lastly, Barclays Global Tech Conference on May 22nd. So again, thanks for joining us, and I'll turn it over to Jim for closing remarks.
James E. Heppelmann: Good. Thanks, Tim. Well, thank you, all, for spending your time with us here this morning. A lot of great questions. Again, in closing, I feel pretty good about the quarter. It's a tough environment, but we executed well. And I think we're in a position here where we're going to continue to execute on earnings growth and when environment becomes less tough and we can add a bigger dose of revenue growth, I think things get incremental and more interesting, yet at that point. So we feel pretty good about where we are, which isn't to say everything is great, but we feel like the company's doing the right things in the tough environment in setting ourselves up for better days ahead as well. So thanks a lot for joining us and have a good rest of the day. See you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-01-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox James E. Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of National First Executive Advisory Board Jeffrey D. Glidden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Yun S. Kim - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to PTC's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. And now I would like to introduce Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Thanks, Molly. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on our Q1 results and outlook call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everybody that this call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products or anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumptions of PTC's management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC's Form 8-K filed yesterday, in our most recent Form 10-K and forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. All financial measures in this presentation are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measures is located in our prepared remarks document on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com. With us this morning is Jim Heppelmann, Jeff Glidden and Barry Cohen. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Heppelmann: Thank you, Tim. Good morning to all of you, and thank you for joining us here on the call this morning. When we spoke roughly 90 days ago on our last earnings call, Jeff and I discussed our belief that the negative trends in the worldwide manufacturing industry would create a challenging selling environment for us, particularly for larger deals. At that time, we also pledged our ongoing commitment to continue to push forward with our margin expansion and earnings growth strategies, somewhat irrespective of the revenue environment. That's largely how the quarter played out. Our revenue in the quarter came in toward the middle of our guidance range, albeit with the mix more weighted towards Servigistics than we had predicted. We were diligent with spending all quarter, and this helped us to exceed the earnings guidance range. So continuing the trend of the last few quarters, we executed well on earnings, even while confronting strong headwinds in revenue. One of the reports that we referenced in our prepared remarks suggest that the global manufacturing growth rate is now at the lowest we've seen since the 2009 global economic crisis. We've discussed in recent calls that there appears to be a reasonably strong correlation between our CAD and PLM license revenue and the larger trends in the manufacturing economy, and we saw this again in Q1. The manufacturing environment in China was stable, and our performance there was solid. Similarly, the situation in the U.S. seems to be improving slowly, and our performance was relatively good there for the second consecutive quarter. Within Europe, the manufacturing environment has worsened considerably in the last 2 quarters as the German economy has slowed and perhaps even began to contract, and we see a corresponding significant slowdown in our European results. And Japan continued to be very difficult, though our license revenue was up relative to an easy year-over-year compare for that region. On the positive side, most of the reports I've read lately are suggesting improved conditions in each of these regions as we move deeper into 2013, and then if these improvements materialize, that we would see a corresponding upswing in our growth rates. This is actually the pattern we've noted when comparing PTC organic license results to previous manufacturing industry economic cycles. There were some very positive developments in our business within the quarter. The most positive is the momentum in our SLM business. Both our organic SLM business and our newly acquired Servigistics business posted strong license results. We would need more data points to say this with absolute conviction, but there is some building anecdotal evidence that suggests that the SLM business will hold up better in a tough economy as companies shift their attention from developing new products to generating more revenue and profit from aftermarket service for products already deployed. I remember talking to a large truck manufacturing customer back in 2009 about how their new truck sales were down 70% but their spare parts sales had gone through the roof. Similarly, new development programs are hard to come by in our U.S. defense business, yet SLM opportunities abound as the agencies realize they need to keep the existing equipment operational because nothing new is being planned. There are many reasons why we are excited about the longer-term SLM opportunity. First, there's a secular trend across many industries to expand deeper into the after sales service business and to think about a customer as a profitable ongoing relationship rather than a discrete transaction. Taken to the full extreme, you get products delivered as a service, which while it's still a nation phenomenon today, I see more and more examples of this strategy everyday. The second key factor is that we have the opportunity to create a much more tangible and hard dollar value proposition in the SLM arena. It's always been somewhat of a challenge to monetize engineering productivity improvements, but having fewer expensive spare parts in inventory, coupled with fewer repairmen driving fewer trucks to chase down fewer warranty problems, is all readily measurable and goes directly to the bottom line. Next, we find ourselves discussing this strong value proposition with a buyer that is a sales and service executive who generally owns a P&L responsibility and thus has the flexibility to invest dollars when confident in the return. To cap it off, the combination of PTC and Servigistics has now produced a clear leader in terms of SLM revenue, customers, expertise and technology. One can readily imagine that over the longer term, SLM could develop into a new core business for PTC. In any case, even stopping short of that, it's clear that our SLM business has good momentum even in this tough economy, and it is clear that the Servigistics acquisition is off to a strong start and will perform better than we had originally modeled, probably doing $80 million or more versus the $60 million to $70 million view that we shared most recently. We also had a very positive quarter in terms of winning new domino-style accounts. To remind you, we have previously used that term to describe wins in competitive situations at very large accounts where PTC had no meaningful incumbent position. As you know, we chose to stop reporting the quarterly metric 1 year ago, but certainly, we did not stop pursuing or winning these big displacement opportunities. The win we announced today at Embraer was one of the more notable domino wins we've seen. Embraer is the #3 manufacturer of commercial aircraft in the world behind Airbus and Boeing, and one of the fastest-growing. Embraer grew increasingly concerned in recent years about their incumbent PLM solution and proceeded to conduct the industry's deepest vendor analysis and benchmark since the full EADS company did so back in 2008. As we announced, the result was a decision to replace the incumbent PLM footprint with a full new PLM solution from PTC that also contained elements of our ALM and SLM solution sets. Incidentally, Embraer is a significant customer of Servigistics as well, and we see additional follow-on opportunities in the SLM area in subsequent quarters. In addition to Embraer, there were several similar competitive wins in the quarter, many of which should provide revenue in Q2 and beyond. Generally speaking, our ALM business also did well as a number of significant new orders came in for that part of our solution set as well. So as you can see, there's a lot of promise in our business. For starters, there's the promise of leveraging our PLM and ALM strengths, as well as this Creo new product cycle, into a significantly stronger growth stories on the backs of an economy that is bottoming out and forecasted to start improving again, and the promise of a potential breakout in the SLM business as PTC leverages a leading position in a market bolstered by strong long-term industry trends is promising. But in light of this promise, we continue to believe that our 11% to 13% growth target's achievable in a better economic environment, even if it's out of reach here in 2013. So coming full circle, our challenge is to balance this strong optimism about our longer-term prospects with the ongoing pessimism concerning the economic environment in the short term. Assuming that the economic situation will prove to be the stronger force in the short term, our guidance is built on a view that conditions will remain challenging for the balance of 2013, neither materially better nor worse than last quarter. So we will operate the near term as we have for the past few quarters, which is to say we will carefully watch our spending with an eye to achieving our $1.70 to $1.80 EPS range for the year, even with difficult revenue headwinds. And when the manufacturing economy eventually does pick up, we'll be ready to accelerate to the next level. So with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff Glidden to review some of the financials in a little bit more detail.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Thank you, Jim. First, a few comments on our Q1 results, and then I will discuss our outlook for Q2 and FY '13. Clearly, we are pleased with our Q1 earnings performance as non-GAAP gross margins increased to 72%; operating margin was 18.2%; and we delivered EPS of $0.36, which was above the high end of our guidance. As Jim indicated, the highlight of the quarter was the acquisition of Servigistics, which was completed on October 2. We spent much of the quarter integrating Servigistics, and we're very pleased that this business contributed $27 million in revenue in the quarter. A second highlight of the quarter was continued margin expansion on our services business as gross margins increased to 12.7%, up from 7.6% in the prior year. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with cash of $248 million. This is down from $490 million at the beginning of the quarter. Key uses of cash in the quarter included the acquisition of Servigistics for $222 million; the repurchase of PTC stocks, $16 million; and capital expenditures of $7 million. Now looking ahead to our outlook for Q2 and FY '13. As cited by Jim, the macroeconomic environment continues to be very challenging due to the slowdown in global manufacturing. For FY '13, we expect revenue to increase by 7% to 9% to a range of $1,340,000,000 to $1,370,000,000, including license revenue of $360 million to $380 million, support revenue of approximately $660 million and services revenue of $320 million to $330 million. While we have lowered our FY '13 services revenue outlook by $10 million, we now expect services gross margin -- margins to be approximately 13% for the year. As Jim said, we remain committed to expanding margins and driving profitability. We are targeting to expand our FY '13 margins to approximately 21.5%, with non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.70 to $1.80. As part of our plan to achieve the FY '13 margin targets, we have announced a reduction in staffing levels of approximately 4%. Those actions were initiated in October and January, and we expect these to be largely completed by the end of Q2. When completed, we expect a full quarter benefit to be approximately $9 million in our third quarter, with a partial benefit to be realized in Q2. We expect total operating expenses in Q2 to be flat sequentially from the first quarter, primarily due to planned expense increases for sales commissions, marketing program spend and seasonal increases in U.S. payroll taxes. For Q2, we expect revenue to be in the range of $305 million to $325 million, including license revenue of $70 million to $85 million. We expect to deliver non-GAAP EPS of $0.32 to $0.39. In early January, Congress reinstated the R&D tax credit retroactively to January 1, 2012. This will provide a discrete tax benefit of approximately $3 million in our second quarter, resulting in a non-GAAP tax rate of 18% for Q2. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 23% in Q3 and Q4 and 22% for the full year. And finally, a few comments on uses of cash for 2013. In addition to the acquisition of Servigistics, which was completed in Q1, we expect to repay some $120 million in debt and to repurchase between $55 million and $75 million in stock during the year. We thank you for your support, and I will now turn it over to -- back over to Tim Fox.
Tim Fox: Thanks, Jeff. Molly, we can open up the Q&A now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question does come from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I want to dive into the demand characteristics around CAD and PLM. Let's actually start with PLM. We understand the economic environment that we're in, but -- especially around the large deals, what is it that customers are particularly saying? Are they worried about long implementation times and taking on a considerable project like that? Or what are some of the things that the customers want to see before they're ready to engage?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, I think there's been a move toward smaller upfront commitments, "let's implement it a lot more and then purchase the bigger follow-on purchase." So I think some orders that maybe we envisioned were going to be a larger upfront deal turned into a small, "let's get started and when it's all live later, we'll purchase the balance of it." And that's not the conversation we had been having, but that's how the conversation shifted over time. So Sterling, that's a typical example of what we've been up against.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and...
James E. Heppelmann: Let me just that net that out. That ends up being a delay tactic at the end of the day.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you, got you. And could you contrast that with CAD, because I wonder how much the CAD demand might be more related to engineering headcount and hiring versus -- is PLM a headcount thing or more of a project-based?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Sterling, I think that's insightful on your part because I think that PLM is more of a project discussion. And with CAD, there are 2 sort of bottlenecks, if you will, that could hold back our CAD business. One is headcount, because new seeds really are generally tied to an expanding business, and there aren't so many expanding businesses right now. The other thing is in our Creo software, there's a lot of new capability in the Creo versions of the software that didn't exist in the Pro/ENGINEER versions of the software, but in order to get there, we need to get the customer to go through an upgrade. Now CAD upgrades are not huge projects, but they are projects that have to be planned and funded and scheduled and so forth. So the element of new modules tends to sit on the other side of a project that has to be done. And now we get into the discussion of when are we going to do that upgrade and might there be a delay in that, because the company is worried about dedicating resources to anything that they might view as discretionary.
Operator: Our next question is from Yun Kim, Janney Capital Markets.
Yun S. Kim - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: So can you guys go into the dynamics of your services business in terms of the quarter and what is implied in your outlook? Obviously, the -- for the quarter, the services revenue came in higher than your expectation, but your outlook for the year called for a lower service revenue. Is there any significant event that you're expecting that is causing this shift? Or is there like a large project or 2 that is shifting its implementation work from you guys to a third-party partner? I'm just trying to better understand how you can lower your services revenue for the year when you just showed upside in the quarter. And also, I guess, while we're at it, if you can just discuss the progress we're making in terms of creating the services partner ecosystem, which, obviously, is clearly implied in your services revenue guidance for the year.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yun, this is Jeff. I think you are spot on, and that is, our services partner program has been expanding nicely. I think we cited in the prepared remarks that our orders from our partners was up better than 50% year-over-year. So a very key piece of our strategy is to build out that ecosystem where we have traditionally done probably 80% of the services work related to PTC deployments. Our longer-term goal is for that to be approximately 50%, with our partners going from 20% to 50%. So that's long-term strategy. I think we're doing well and we're on that path. So the key here is for our partners to grow the services revenue and we to continue to do I think what's the key architectural and heavy-lifting projects and expand margins. So again, as we took the total revenue down, I think that's reflected in 2 things: maybe some softening demand on -- because of macro factors, but most importantly, partner ecosystem buildout with our margins continuing to expand nicely year-over-year.
James E. Heppelmann: Yun, it's Jim. If I could add a nuance. We tend to run with about 3 quarters of backlog in our services business. So as our license revenue slowed starting 4 quarters ago, we're now seeing some of that work its way through our system. And we could do more services revenue by changing the balance of what we do versus what partners do, but that's not our strategy. And I'd say from a management standpoint, we're not that concerned about services revenue because to get to the margins, we're talking about the upper-20s margins. We actually have to be doing a lot less services in our mix. So if the services revenue comes down by $10 million for the year, that causes little angst amongst the management team.
Yun S. Kim - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. So is it fair to characterize maybe this year as the inflection point in terms of your services strategy that you guys have been talking about could be potentially the back nine of the fiscal year '15 plan?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, one way to look at it is if you were to overlay a graph of the growth of our organic services business with the growth of our partner bookings, it's pretty shocking. The partner bookings have a pretty steep slope, growing very fast, whereas our organic business is relatively flattish. And I think that, that really reflects the strategy we told you about, which is to dial back our involvement in the service ecosystem and largely begin to hand that off to other people. There's no way to get the upper-20s margins without doing that.
Yun S. Kim - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then if I can ask another question. Can you just talk about, Jim, in terms of how your sales organization is aligned today in terms of product lines? Clearly, your product portfolio has extended significantly over the past 2 years with the addition of MKS and Servigistics. Do you feel comfortable with the current alignment? Or do you feel that there may still need to be some sizable tweakings that you need, such as adding more sales engineers and whatnot? And do you feel comfortable that there are enough cross-selling of CAD, PLM and SLM going on in each major accounts?
James E. Heppelmann: Okay, maybe I'll just step-through a quick description of our sales model as it exists today at a high-level. I won't get into all the details. But there is, of course, the reseller channel that deals with the smaller accounts, that tends to be mostly CAD, but with a growing element of PLM. They are largely not participating in the ALM or SLM business, nor are we encouraging them to at this point. If you then move up into the direct sales space, there's a couple of developments that have happened over the last couple of quarters. One is that we integrated the MKS sales force and the PTC sales force together. In the first year following that acquisition, we kept those sales forces separate. And we probably think in retrospect with the benefit of hindsight, we maybe kept them separate for too long because it interfered with the building of revenue synergies. So over the past couple of quarters, we sort of dissolved the ALM sales force and the PLM sales force together such that there's only one sales organization. Some of those specialists became overlays, at least for a while they'll remain in that configuration because they have specialty knowledge that we can leverage. And then on the SLM side, particularly with Servigistics, we took a different strategy, which is we said, "because we're already in the SLM business and having SLM conversations with the very same customers, we should move quickly to integrate that because it would be counterproductive to have 2 SLM sales force from PTC talking to the very same buyer at the very same company." And that went pretty well actually. In the quarter, those 2 sales forces worked well together. The Servigistics sales force will continue to penetrate new accounts with the Servigistics products, but the PTC sales force has also begun to be able to position not only the PTC SLM products but the Servigistics SLM products together. So it's not big change, it's just a little bit, absorbing these 2 acquisitions, taking the next step and final step really with ALM and taking the first step with the acquisition we just closed in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Richard Davis with Canaccord.
David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: It's actually DJ on the call for Richard. Jeff, maybe one for you. Can you help us with the seasonality in the Servigistics business?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: It's a good question. We're 1 quarter into it. It was their fiscal year end so that's their fourth quarter and it's the calendar year end. So I'm not sure we have -- we don't really have much history in that. I would expect we'll put them onto our programs. The fiscal year-end drive will then be instead of the calendar quarter 4, it will be calendar quarter 3. I would expect like our seasonality, Q1 and Q2, calendar Q1 would normally be a little bit -- would be lower than last quarter. We'll just have to see how it comes. And I think we feel very good, as Jim said, most importantly about the pipeline and the opportunity ahead. The seasonality, I'm not sure we have good data on yet, but I would say, we're very encouraged with the activity levels and really the team. I mean, the integration has gone well, strong people, strong team and a good start.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, but -- DJ, it's Jim. Let me -- I think you're on to something there that we should elaborate on for a minute, which is, let's all remember that was their Q4. So we shouldn't assume that it gets bigger and better as we go throughout the year. We should think of that as their Q4, and now we're going to do their Q1, 2 and 3 in the back part of our year. But that said, the pipeline really is promising. So that's why we said okay 60 to 70 clearly doesn't make sense. It's going to be 80 or more. I think we feel like there's going to be at least 80. We don't know how much more. That would depend how effective we are together at converting both their SLM pipeline and our SLM pipeline into revenue in the next 3 quarters. There is more than adequate pipeline to deliver a pretty good SLM year. But it's new stuff, and we're not ready yet to get too confident in what the conversion ratios might be in the next 3 quarters.
David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Right. And then on sales headcount, you talked about the 4% restructuring, I guess, and there's the second tranche that came in January. I mean, how do you think about kind of where we end the year with quota-carrying reps? How tight is the leash there? If you can continue to see kind of productivity declines, would there be another tranche, or how do you think about managing that going forward?
James E. Heppelmann: Okay, well, it's Jim here. So my view is that we'll keep sales headcount relatively flat, as we have for the last couple of quarters. I don't see us adding capacity because I feel like we have ample capacity. It's really a productivity discussion at this point. I also don't see us taking away any significant amount of sales capacity unless things got materially worse than we hear -- we see them at this point in time. So I think steady as she goes, more or less with sales capacity trying to get these people more productive and work on close rates, and a better economy would help a lot with that.
David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Yes, and then one last one, I guess. Have you or would you guys ever consider a lease pricing option? I realize you guys are managing the business for operating margins now, and there would be a headwind to march your targets. But would smaller upfront license commitments help you guys push some of these large deals that may be getting pushed out now across the finish line? How do you think about that?
James E. Heppelmann: First of all, we do, do some lease deals now when customers want that. I think, though, the bigger problem is the commitment. Customers are trying to delay the commitment. Whether that commitment takes one form or another, it's still a commitment. And I think what they're saying is, "let's get the project started, make progress and see if we can postpone the commitment to the capital outlay or OpEx outlay to a later point when we're actually sure the economy looks better." So it could help a little, but I don't think it would be a breakthrough in our business. I don't think we would just take off of that. Tim is reminding me that I should say that Servigistics also does have a cloud SaaS model for a certain percentage of their revenue. So they offer it both ways, on premise or in the cloud, buy it upfront as a capital asset or take it as a service as you go. And that business is doing okay, pretty well actually. But they're also selling a lot of on-premise stuff.
Operator: Our next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer, Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: First question concerns your guidance for maintenance revenue for the year. You're retaining the $660 million, but in light of the erosion of the license forecast coupled with the comments you made about Europe, is that a number you're still confident in? As best we can tell, Europe alone accounts for about 40% of your maintenance, and so, wouldn't it stand to reason that you might start to see some erosion in that base of business?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, Jay, this is Jeff. We feel pretty good about our maintenance business. I think we're -- all the metrics we look at, our tax rates and in particular, renewal rates have been very, very good. And we also have sort of the seasonal pattern, as you know, that in the -- we have big renewals that occur in January, so the deferred revenue number comes down slightly at the end of Q1 and then it comes back up again. So I would say we watch it closely. We feel pretty good about the metrics, and I think we're quite comfortable with the outlook. Clearly, if things change on the license side, that does have an impact on maintenance, so we'll watch that closely.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Jay, it's Jim here, too. So a couple other comments. One is back in the 2009 global economic crisis, we saw a very little drop-off in maintenance renewal rates, and we feel like that situation was much more Draconian than this one. And then the second thing is, as you know, maintenance follows some distance behind license, so the lower license we might see in 2013 becomes more of a maintenance discussion in 2014 than a maintenance discussion in 2013, so that's another factor. And of course, there's the currency factor as well.
James E. Heppelmann: And, Jay, just to pick up on the currency. For the quarter, our average euro rate was $1.29, and as we look right now, it's $1.33. So that's what we provided in the guidance. But that has a positive benefit sequentially on the maintenance business as well. But the metrics that are underlying that are really the keys, and we watch those closely, as you know.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Right. A couple of things as well. How are you thinking about the Creo 3.0 launch later this year and the apparently imminent launch of PDM Essentials, Windchill Light, so to say, as possible revenue events for this year?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think they're factored into the guidance we're talking about here. I don't see either one of them as major events, to be frank. I think Creo 3.0, the issue with Creo is we need to get the customer base upgraded, and that's happening actively as we speak. It's moving along. But we're still in the first quarter of that, let's say, and I think Creo 2.0 is a pretty good product that people are upgrading to get their hands on. Creo 3.0 is just more of that, but I don't think it's a disruption or a step-function different than Creo 2.0 in terms of its ability to generate revenue. PDM Essentials, there's a lot of pull for that from our channel, and I think that the channel is pretty excited about that. The deal there, though, is the channel has already been doing pretty well with PLM. So that's icing on a pretty good piece of cake they already have. So I can't imagine that the growth rate in the channel would double because it's actually been really high for a long period of time now.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Speaking of the channel, let me ask you about the changes that you made nearly 1 year ago with respect to the mid-market direct transition when you pulled some accounts in the channel and added to your mid-market direct efforts. Now that this is 1 year later, how would you describe those efforts? Have you, in fact, been able to generate new business the channel hadn't necessarily been able to do with those accounts or otherwise close on deals that had already been in the channel's pipeline?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, well if I look at our channel performance, it's not that impressive, relatively flattish in quarters of late. But I would attribute that more to the economic environment and the difficulty that smaller companies have in this environment, more so than to any organizational changes or coverage strategies that PTC had. On the other side, I think that the PTC sales force in the mid-market has generated some decent amount of revenue and a lot of pipeline because we have such better coverage in that area than we used to have. The channel was a little reticent to go into, let's say, a PLM deal at a medium-sized company because it would get very complex, the sales cycles would be long, they weren't sure they could win it, et cetera, so a lot of those deals they passed on. And now we have much better coverage. So I think that, that move, if I have to be judgmental about it, I think it was a good move. And it has probably created a net benefit for us, though I don't have enough data to prove that conclusively yet.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then lastly, could you talk about pricing pressure in the CAD market? As best we can discern from the last number of quarters or years' worth of data about your CAD business and competitors who are converting that to ASPs, it does look as though there's been some broad pressure, particularly in the last year. Could you talk about them?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, I think we're selling largely to our installed base. They're used to our products. There's not big displacements. I think we're always conscious, larger orders get better discounting typically. That said, we're not seeing that many of the larger orders. So I think we watch discounting, Jay. I'm not sure I can share with you any particular metrics, but we are aware as we get -- as we see the economy slow, there's usually some additional pressure on that, but it's probably as much as anything driven by large accounts as well. That's typically where the bigger discounting is, but we're seeing some additional discounting to drive closure rates, probably in the mid-market as well or in the average market.
Operator: Our next question is Blair Abernethy, Stifel.
Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up on Jay's maintenance -- around the maintenance side of things, first off. The -- given December and January through now, what are your renewal rates looking like on a percentage basis versus 1 year ago? And also, have you been able to affect any kind of pricing increases?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, I'll take a couple of these, Blair. The renewal rates have been very solid, very consistent year-over-year with the one caveat we said before being China is lower and we have, I think, some programs that we're driving in China to make that -- to move that up. But typically, our renewal rates are in the -- depending on geos, in the 80s to 90%, and in many cases, better than 95%. So we're seeing those continue, and again, we look at that -- both that metric plus the change in deferred, and we have a big renewal period in this quarter. And that's the January timeframe, and we're seeing those roll in. Relative to pricing, we're increasingly putting CPI indexes into our maintenance contracts and agreements, and that has a long-term benefit. And in the short term, we're seeing customers accept that and understand that it's -- a CPI adder is an appropriate thing. In the past, we didn't do that, so we're seeing some opportunities, I think, to get -- build longer-term pricing benefits in that.
James E. Heppelmann: We did also adjust some of our PLM pricing, but mostly in North America, at the beginning of our fiscal year. And by taking our product pricing up a little bit, that flows through into maintenance renewals as they renew, but that takes a while. But I think that there's some opportunity to do that more broadly. We've done it so far selectively.
Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the Creo adoption in the base, Creo 1.0, Creo 2.0, and the direct modeling products. I wonder, Jim, if you can kind of give us an update of how that's going in the base.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, I think if you look at where we are with the upgrade, which is sort of the gates that need to open to sell this stuff, we're somewhere around 20%, give or take, in the number of customers who have upgraded. And you might remember we said by the end of the year, we would expect that to be more like 50% to 60%. So there's a lot of upgrades happening as we discuss right now. And until a customer upgrades, you can't really put that software to work because it's on the other side of the upgrade. But that said, we have a fairly high closure rate of the new flexible modeling, direct modeling technology, amongst the customers who have upgraded. So if you look at the sales, the penetration rate for customers who upgraded is pretty high. And therefore, we're pretty confident that there's a sizable opportunity ahead of us. It will just take a little more time to kind of fully materialize.
Operator: Our next question is from Perry Huang, Goldman Sachs.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask a question about the weakness in global manufacturing, is there any more color you can provide around this? For example, in terms of linearity, did you see a deceleration in customer demand at the end of the quarter, or is it pretty steady over the course of the quarter in terms of customers making smaller purchases?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, so Perry, first I'll point out that Tim, in our prepared remarks, gave you a URL that takes you to our Investor web page where we actually posted a couple of the reports that we've been reading that we think provide some objective third-party views of what are going on. I encourage you to take a look at them. What those reports say, generally, I said in my comments, is the U.S., relatively positive picture, balanced -- more than counterbalanced by situation in Europe getting a lot worse. China, kind of steady as she goes, but at half the growth rate we had a couple of years ago. And then China -- I'm sorry, Japan, really dismal picture. So that's the environment we're up against, and you'll see that in the data if you look at it. I don't think it changed materially within the quarter. I think we had a view that it could be difficult. Probably, when we were talking to you 90 days ago, we maybe thought the U.S. environment would get a lot better because I think most people had pretty good odds that this fiscal cliff problem would be solved. But when our quarter closed on December 28, that problem was raging full intensity still. So there was no sort of good news that came out of that, maybe there will subsequently, although I think that the closure on that issue is a little muddy and maybe it's still not fully closed. So there was no good development, nothing that caused close rates to get better, but I don't think they neither fell apart late in the quarter.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, around Japan. Again last quarter, you talked about the disruption to your business due to the territorial dispute with China. I guess, how was demand with Japanese auto manufacturers this quarter? I think in your prepared remarks you mentioned the CAD business in Japan was pretty strong, but you also saw lower deal activity -- large deal activity.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Keep in mind that -- and you'll actually read this in this report and it does talk about this territorial dispute and it concludes that the Japanese economy in the -- 1 quarter ago declined 4.6% quarter-over-quarter -- or I guess it was year-over-year in 1 quarter. So it went from a pretty good story to a terrible one in 1 quarter. The quarter that followed that, according to other data points I triangulated on, was flat with that, but the general trend is improving. So it feels like Japan is working its way out of some kind of a flash crisis around the trade dispute. But I think that because this flash crisis came on so fast and so deep, people just sort of panicked and stopped. They stopped spending money. And I think now that some of the emotions are working their way through, it's trending back toward business as usual. But we've had a number of deals that we expected to get 2 quarters ago and didn't, and then they float into last quarter and the situation didn't get any better. But we sense some softening, and we would say we probably think those deals will come if not this quarter then next, as the situation gets better. There's customers who want to buy what we have and have negotiated and so forth. They just need approvals to proceed.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Koenig with Wedbush.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I'm curious to know about -- maybe you could delve into your SLM business. My perception is, you've got kind of 3 distinct groupings of products: one, Arbortext; the other, the acquired Servigistics products; and then thirdly, your initiative on the service information system. Can you maybe just touch on what are the product and selling synergies between those various initiatives here going forward? And also, what are the potential synergies with the CAD PLM business?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Okay, well, you're fairly close, Steve, in characterizing how we think about it, because there is the traditional Arbortext stuff we acquired way back in 2005. That was about creating technical documentation, think manuals. Then before we acquired Servigistics, PTC began to expand that strategy and we began to use the term SLM for a better connected into engineering view of that. We realized at the end of the day that manuals aren't really the be all, end all. They're actually a fairly poor way to deliver information to downstream constituents. They're the encyclopedias that we stopped using once we got Google. So PTC moved on to this strategy that we called service information system or ultimately called it service lifecycle management, which is what we ought to be doing is building a bridge whereby you take the engineering building material, which you get out of CAD and PLM, and you take the CAD information and you work on that information, restructure it into things like online parts catalogs that use 3D information to help you find the right part and online or on a mobile device technical information that again uses 3D information to help you understand how to repair the machine and to lead you to the part you need. So think of that -- I used this example, before, we were making maps and then we evolved to a moving map GPS strategy. And that's the Caterpillar project, for example, for those of you who have heard Caterpillar talk about that. That's the moving map GPS. But again, the input to that is CAD and PLM data. Now it turns out where Servigistics starts, the first thing that they're really good at, best in the world at, is parts planning, which is okay, this product that have to be serviced, what are the parts that you might have to carry as spares and how many of such spares should you carry and where should you carry them? Should you carry them centralized, should you carry them distributed out to dealerships and in what quantities and so forth, because remember they're very expensive physical assets, so figuring out the right quantities of the various spare parts in the right locations has profound implications for your carrying costs of spare part inventories. So they really pick up at that point with spare parts and then they take it from there and what should the service technician do when he gets in the truck today, what should happen at the service bay, on and on downstream from there. So there's a thread that links all of this stuff together in a very meaningful way, and it makes a lot of sense to think about products and services as a continuum. And more and more, it gets blurred. More and more companies are blurring the 2 together and saying the product is a service. We're seeing examples, for example, of a medical device equipment, think CAT Scans x-rays. Instead of selling the equipment and selling a service contract to keep it running, now people are saying, "I'll put the equipment in your hospital and I'll charge you for each time you do a scan with it. I'll charge you per scan." And therefore, it's up to me to think about that product as a service. You're just paying for the results of the product, not for the asset and the carrying cost. So anyway, this one continuum here, and it makes all kinds of sense for PTC to be in the SLM business. If you're to think about SLM, optimizing the service processes and you say, "what's the best angle to come at this from?" Well, the CRM guys say, "we know everything about the customer," and the MRP guys say, "well, we have the logistics and financial backbone." And PTC says, "we know everything about the product." And quite frankly, if you have to chose between those, I like our position best. I think we're in a very good strategic position to connect this continuum from what other requirements of the product, down to how do we keep that thing operating efficiently at the customer side. I think it's a great strategy.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Great. That's helpful, Jim. I'm wondering if you can characterize, say, how much of your traditional, your non-Servigistics SLM revenue is coming from Caterpillar or more -- or maybe more broadly speaking, from more dynamic online-generated content as opposed to traditional manuals.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So I think if you think about that, we have in the thousands of customers who use the Arbortext technology to create manuals. And those deal sizes were pretty small. That was a very tactical approach, a better way to write manuals, but people didn't place that much value on that. When we moved to the moving map, GPS, the price tag gets at least an extra digit, maybe 2. So what happened is from a much smaller quantity of deals, the Caterpillar-type deals, we're generating tremendous amount of revenue, which also speaks to the magnitude of this opportunity. I think that we found a way to make every Arbortext deal a hundred times bigger. And that said, it's newer technology. And the products, the organization, everything has to mature a little bit to really, really see this thing take off. But it's delivering so much more value to the customer when we take this approach.
Operator: Our next question is from Ross MacMillan with Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Three quick questions, if I could. Just the first one, I think when you'd laid out the guidance for the December quarter, you talked about the midpoint of the license range having 1 megadeal in there, and that's what you had, but we also had upside in the Servigistics business. So I'm just curious, as you reflect on the December quarter, what particular product area on license was the biggest, if you will, underperformer? It strikes me it's probably CAD and probably Europe-centric CAD, but I'd just love to get your take.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think Europe-centric CAD is close to where I would throw the dart, as well.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: .Okay, great. And then on the Servigistics business, it obviously outperformed your expectation. And you mentioned earlier on this call, you maybe would shift that back to a model whereby their fiscal year was aligned with your fiscal year. Does that happen now, like, immediately or -- I'm just curious as to how that plays out because, obviously, it looks as if that business was still running on a calendar fiscal year through the first quarter of consolidation.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. What happens there, Ross, is if you were a Servigistics sales rep, you've been working on a sales plan that was 4 quarters long and you don't want PTC to come in and say, "Guess what, there is no fourth quarter." So what happened when we acquired the company, we say, "For you Servigistics tales reps, it is still fourth quarter. Meaning, you can hit your accelerators and so forth that you've been building toward all year long." What happens for the Servigistics sales force is there is no Q1. They now rejoin PTC in Q2, and we're all on a Q2, Q3, Q4 plan going forward. And they would then have targets that are sort of prorated for a 3-quarter year. But at this point, they're part of the PTC team, and we're moving forward. I can also tell you I was down in Atlanta at the Servigistics headquarters last week, and these guys are number one, on fire, but number two, so excited to be with PTC. I mean, they feel like there couldn't possibly ever been a better place for that company to ultimately land than to a company who has a big but complementary strategy and then huge assets in terms of this customer base that is upstream but extremely strategic to try and to deliver SLM. So anyway, it's pretty exciting. Sales reps, I think, are pretty happy. They had a good Q4, and now they're just on a 3-quarter prorated year going forward.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then just on -- maybe one for Jeff on costs. You, obviously, are doing a good job on controlling operating expenses and driving higher gross margins on services. I think you said you expected OpEx to be around flat sequentially because of some of the onetime costs around marketing, comp plans, et cetera. But you also said, I think, the full impact from the 4% headcount reduction would be about $9 million on a run rate, and that wouldn't be realized until Q3. So just putting these pieces together, it feels like we should be about flat into Q2 and then down sequentially into Q3 as you get that full benefit, is that correct? And then secondly...
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I think we'd be down slightly in Q3. We're still -- we are very good at moderating and planning the expense controls and tightening them up as you cited. We do have planned PTC, that occurs in June. That's a key program every year. I think right now, we would say clearly we're expecting to be flat sequentially in Q2. I would say down slightly in Q3 would be a good expectation. As we sit, we could -- and again, at the end of this next quarter, we'll give you better direction on that. But I think that's a -- we'll have a step down, and I'd say it's a moderate step down, in Q3, in part because of some of the other programs we have underway. But we'll reserve the right to tighten it up if that's appropriate.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then the last one I had was just on capacity and productivity. It sounds like you feel very comfortable with the capacity you have, and until you get productivity moving higher, there's no immediate need to hire more reps. Just curious, should I think about that productivity dynamic being one where you probably wouldn't really start to aggressively hire until you got back to sort of prior levels of normalized productivity per rep, so in other words, 1 quarter of improved productivity doesn't necessarily mean you start to hire?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Maybe the way to think about that, first of all, if you look at the sales capacity we now have versus what we had 6, 8 quarters ago, you have to remember a certain amount of that was acquired, but a fair amount of it was hired. At the level of organic results right now, we have excess capacity, more than we need. So part of the reason productivity went down is because we injected a lot of capacity, and there's the math formula that says if you do that in the short-term, productivity will go down. And then the second thing is, of course, the economy got a lot worse over the last 4 quarters. So those 2 have been pressures on productivity. I think that time cures the first one and a better economy cures the second one. Both of those should develop, I believe, in the coming quarters. For us, though, we need to remember that it takes a while to ramp people, so we can't wait and tell we're at capacity limits to start bringing on new capacity or there'll be a gap. But I also feel like -- it's probably, in my mind, at least 4 quarters away before we would begin to expand capacity, even if the trends look positive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Rose, Battle Road Research.
Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd.: Jim, a question -- I guess, the first question, a question on Germany. In your discussions with customers, are you seeing an actual pullback in new product development, or is it just a pullback in the spending on PLM tools?
James E. Heppelmann: Well, if I back up first to the macro view of Europe, the European debt crisis is not a new story. But the new part of the story is that it began to affect Germany pretty significantly in the last 2 quarters. So I think in previous discussions, we said that our business was mostly in Central Europe, Germany and right around there; secondarily in the Nordics; third, in U.K. and France; and distant fourth, Southern Europe. But in the last 2 quarters, the problem, which seemed to be outside of Germany, suddenly is also inside of Germany. So I think right now, these companies are just being conversative. I don't think they're canceling their new products. They're just trying to tighten their belt a little bit and not spend money until they understand is this thing going to get better or is it going to get worse. And again, I go out and look at the projections I can find, most people think it's bottomed out and it is and will get better, and therefore, it will be a fairly short-term phenomenon. But we'll have to wait and see, I think, what actually happens.
Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd.: And then on the Embraer deal, are there additional opportunities in their supplier base? Are you serving that supplier base now? Or is that potentially new opportunity for you as well? .
James E. Heppelmann: It would be a mixture. There are a number of larger aerospace suppliers that we have relationships with and then there's a few we don't. For example, we're not that big in the aircraft engines business, and maybe there will be opportunities there. But that really was a fantastic win. Another example of somebody going to the nth degree to validate a decision and coming up with an answer that says, "You know what, we should throw the stuff we have out the door because it's a problem compared to what we could be doing with PTC." And I'll point out, we don't exactly have a strong business in Brazil. We have a limited organization. I mean, you can kind of count them on your fingers and toes. And so for us to win this business, we also had to convince them that even if we're not the biggest company in Brazil, our technology is so strong, the gap is so different, that it's worth going down this path with us. So it's a big, huge win for PTC.
Operator: Thank you, I'd like to turn the meeting back to the leaders. This does conclude the question-and-answer session.
Tim Fox: Well, thank you for your questions. Just as an advertising here, we have some upcoming investor events. We're going to be on the West Coast in February, first at the Stifel Nicolaus on the 7th, followed by Goldman's Internet technology conference on February 12. And then early March, we'll be attending the Wedbush transformational technologies conference in New York. So hopefully, we'll see you at some of those events. With that, I'll turn it back over to Jim for closing remarks.
James E. Heppelmann: Okay. Thanks, Tim. So thanks a lot, everybody, for joining us this morning. There were some really great, insightful questions, and it tells me that you guys are listening closely here. I appreciate that. So with Q1 behind us, we're confident in our ability to drive profitability and we're confident in our growth opportunities for the longer-term. So with that, I want to thank you for your continued support and the time you're investing here this morning. And I look forward to talking to you again next quarter, if I don't happen to see you before then. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox James E. Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of National First Executive Advisory Board Jeffrey D. Glidden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the PTC's Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Hi, thanks, Theresa. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on our Q4 results and outlook call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everybody that this call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products or anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumptions of PTC's management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC's Form 8-K filed yesterday and in our most recent Form 10-K and forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. All financial measures in this presentation are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measures is located on our prepared remarks document on our IR website on www.ptc.com. With us this morning, we have Jim Heppelmann, Jeff Glidden, and Barry Cohen. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Heppelmann: Thank you, Tim, and thank you all for joining us here on our Q4 fiscal 2012 earnings call. As you've seen for both Q4 of fiscal 2012 and for the full year, we reported results that could be characterized as strong earnings growth on lighter-than-expected revenue growth. For the full year, we are reporting 20% earnings growth on 8% revenue growth, which, at constant currency, would be 24% earnings growth on 10% revenue growth. While we've encountered revenue headwinds from the economy and from currency throughout the year, we're pleased that we did achieve our original margin and earnings expansion goals for the year. On the macroeconomic front, we see the current situation as being very uncertain with some clear evidence that the environment has been getting more difficult for our customers. Depending upon whom you talk with, our customers have concerns that range from the potential fiscal cliff to the European debt crisis to the China slowdown. More recently, in Q4, we learned of a new concern in Japan regarding deteriorating trade relations related to the territorial dispute with China. It's more than just uncertainty, as most analyst reports suggested the actual growth rates of worldwide manufacturers have been trending down over the past 4 quarters. When our customers are nervous and see a slowdown in their revenues, the result has been a tendency to dial back spending in order to preserve their earnings. The lead article in the October 20 Wall Street Journal reported that S&P 500 revenue growth would likely be flat to negative in the most recent quarter, reflecting a consistent downward trend from double-digit growth levels of the year-ago period, which is a time when our own revenue growth was much stronger as well. The article talked about earnings reports at a number of major product companies, such as GE, Dehner [ph], Ingersoll Rand, Dover, Parker Hannifin, IBM and Microsoft that were generally light on revenue, but solid on earnings due to the implementation of increased cost controls. This story felt familiar to us because most of these public are customers that we know well. And while we did successfully negotiate sizable deals at 4 of these profile companies in the fourth quarter, we also shared some of their pain in terms of landing smaller deals than we were expecting. In each case, the customer executed part of the expected purchase in Q4 and pushed the balance out in consideration of future periods. We shared with you on the previous earnings call that we entered Q4 with visibility into a strong pipeline in North America. We were pleased to see that despite some of the obstacles I just mentioned, our Q4 license results in North America were up substantially, both sequentially as well as versus the year-ago period. Our business in Europe was incrementally softer in Q4, reflecting growing currency and economic headwinds. The PacRim business performed reasonably well. Our business in Japan was unexpectedly soft as several larger deals that we were expecting to close pushed into future periods. This was attributed in part to the China trade concerns that I mentioned earlier. Given the size of the Japan shortfall, one could argue that this factor largely accounts for our revenue landing towards the lower end of the guidance range. We closed the Servigistics acquisition on October 2, and, in so doing, we significantly advanced our strategy to create product and service advantage for our customers through technology solutions that transform how products are created and serviced. We're excited about this acquisition because when we put PTC's preexisting SLM business together with the new Servigistics' SLM business, the combined entity became a clear leader in the growing SLM market, as measured in terms of solution footprint and revenue. We've seen ample evidence that our SLM strategy is compelling to our traditional CAD and PLM customers, and that it can provide an entry point into new accounts as well. Our SLM capability is unmatched by our traditional competitors, and we have a solid pipeline of opportunities in this new arena. Going into 2013, we're equally confident with the balance of our solution lineup. With Creo 2.0 now in the market for more than a quarter, we are getting good reviews and seeing a majority of our large customer base preparing to move on to the Creo platform over the next 4 to 6 quarters. This has already driven strengthen into our maintenance business, thanks to numerous win-backs as customers recommit to move forward with Creo and with PTC. There are many new capabilities in Creo that were not available in Pro/ENGINEER. So as the base upgrades, we begin to unlock an important new selling opportunity as well. Our core PLM and the related Supply Chain business have been a revenue bright spot throughout FY '12, and we expect that momentum to continue into FY '13 and beyond. And then with our ALM business, we have completed the MKS post-merger integration, and going into FY '13, we now have the ALM products in the hands of our mainstream sales organization, which opens the gates for stronger revenue synergies. So we feel good about our segment strategy across-the-board. As you know, we've added significant incremental sales capacity starting in the back half of FY 2011. We see early indications that this incremental sales capacity is starting to gain traction. Whereas big deals, and especially megadeals, have been challenging to close in recent quarters, we've had solid performance in the base business of deals less than $1 million, particularly in Q4. This is indeed where most of our incremental capacity has been deployed and targeted, and we believe that building a stronger base business over time is key to making our business more predictable by reducing our dependency on the bigger deals. We've been clear that our primary financial goal since 2009 has been to expand earnings growth by 20% or more per year through a combination of margin expansion and revenue growth. Throughout the 2012 year, we remained fully committed to that strategy and implemented more aggressive margin expansion to meet the 20% goal for a third consecutive year even on lighter revenue. PTC management is focused on delivering this earnings expansion goal, so careful management of spending and increased operating margin is an attitude that you can expect will carry forward into 2013. And as we've said before, we believe there's ample room for additional improvements in our margin structure without affecting our revenue opportunity if we layer in efficiencies as we develop them over the next few years. Looking forward to 2013, our guidance attempts to balance the confidence we have in our strategy and in our selling capacity with an economic environment that's challenging now and likely to remain so. That's not easy to do given the level of uncertainty out there. Our assumption for 2013 is an economic environment consistent with what we saw last quarter. Given that, our outlook calls for upper teens earnings growth based on 8% to 10% revenue growth and about 200 basis points of margin expansion. We realize the revenue situation is the most unpredictable, and we will retain a strong focus on margin expansion, as we did throughout FY 2012. In closing, I'm hoping you'll join us next week for our Investor Day in New York, where we'll be able to provide a lot more insight regarding our strategy and our outlook. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff to review a few more of the financial details.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Thank you, Jim. First, just a few additional comments on our FY '12 results, and then I'll discuss our targets for '13. We're very pleased with our earnings performance in Q4 as non-GAAP operating margins expanded to 24.5%. This improvement is primarily due to increased service margins of 12%, up from 7% in Q4 of FY '11, coupled with diligent headcount and expense management. For the full year, operating margins increased to 19.6%, up 190 basis points from FY '11. And, as Jim said, for FY '12, we increased our non-GAAP EPS by 20% to $1.51 per share. A quick note on taxes as we close out the year. Our FY '12 non-GAAP tax rate was 23.7%, roughly the same as in FY '11. And we expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 23% in fiscal '13. In addition, given our mix of revenue and expenses, historical profitability by region and our outlook for FY '13, we established a valuation allowance against our deferred U.S. tax assets. This resulted in a $124 million non-cash GAAP charge in Q4 and will have no impact on our cash taxes paid. Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the year with $490 million in cash, including $230 million in funds which were used to complete our acquisition of Servigistics on October 2. The highlight of the year has been strong cash flow. We generated $217 million in cash flow from operations or $1.80 per share. This increase in cash flow was driven by expanding margins, coupled with excellent cash collections from our customers. Now looking ahead to our targets for FY '13. Clearly, we enter 2013 facing significant and increasing economic uncertainty, as Jim cited a number of large industrial companies, including PTC's customers, have lowered their growth expectations for the coming year. With this backdrop, we're providing our current outlook for FY '13 and Q1. For FY '13, we expect revenues to grow by 8% to 10% to a range of $1,360,000,000 to $1,380,000,000, including license revenue of $370 million to $380 million. Despite this moderated revenue outlook, we remain committed to expanding margins and driving increased profitability. We are targeting to expand our FY '13 operating margin by approximately 200 basis points to some 21.5%. Given our revenue outlook, coupled with continued margin expansion, we expect non-GAAP EPS to be approximately $1.70 to $1.80 for the year. For Q1, we expect revenue to be in the range of $315 million to $325 million, including license revenue of $75 million to $85 million, and we expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.30 to $0.35. And finally, a few comments on uses of cash for 2013. We expect to repay some $120 million in debt and to repurchase between $55 million and $75 million worth of PTC stock during the coming year. We thank you for your support, and I will now turn the call back over to Tim Fox.
Tim Fox: Hi, thank you. Theresa, you can open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Ross MacMillan.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So I had a question on the margin progression within your forecast. It looks like we're going to start off in Q1 with actually, I think, a slightly lower operating margin year-over-year, which then implies that by the time we get through into the second half of the year, we're going to have a significantly higher margin structure. And Jeff, can you just talk to that and that progression, I guess, as you think about the cost base as we move through the year?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, Ross. Thanks for your call. We did announce that we were reducing costs and doing -- began the quarter with a restructuring. We only have a partial benefit of that restructure, actually, in Q1 included in our guidance. And as we complete that restructuring, we would get a full benefit of those cost savings as we complete that really in the Q2 time frame. So there's about $5 million of benefit that won't be fully realized in Q1 that will be realized in Q2 and beyond. I think in addition, we'll continue, given the outlook, to be tight on expenses. And so I think we're pretty confident -- I think we're prudent on Q1 guidance, and I think we're confident on margin expansion as we go through the year.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And would I be right in thinking that once we sort of get that full impact of the $5 million, then your cost base, as it has been actually for the last call it 3 quarters, has been relatively static? Is that the right way to think about the operating expenses as we move through Q2 to Q4? Or will we see an increase?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Well, I would expect that it'll continue to improve the cost structure -- reduce the cost structure as we go through the year. But we'd expect to see expansion of margins in the subsequent quarters beyond just flat on expenses. Okay?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Ross. Just to be clear, though, it's Jim here, we're going to add the Servigistics cost base into Q1. So any comps year-over-year, you got to reflect Servigistics in FY '13. And then we're going to restructure to take advantage of certain cost synergies and other cost-savings opportunities we're pursuing, which will lower then as we get into Q2 and beyond.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. I guess the reason I'm asking is kind of thinking about the exit margin next year. It strikes me that in -- by the time we get into, for example, Q4 fiscal '13, assuming things play out to the forecast, that it will be at a substantially higher kind of exit margin in Q4 of next year than Q4 of fiscal '12.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, I think that's fair. I think we should be exiting -- this year, we exited at 24.5%. We should be significantly better than that as we exit 2013.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. And then if you place all their planning for 2014, it would be another 2 points of operating margin for the full year. So that suggests we do need to exit at a higher level.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. And then just on your assumptions around -- given the environment, given the large deal close rates have been more challenging, can you help us understand just what assumptions, if any, you're making around large deals in fiscal '13 and perhaps even megadeals, the $5 million-plus-type deals in fiscal '13?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, Ross, this is Jeff. So our business is characterized positively by very large customers that often place significant $1 million, $2 million orders, and we would expect that trend to continue. And we've assumed that our large customers continue to buy those kind of rates throughout '13. That said, we also have very large, as you cited, megadeals in every year. We've had generally somewhere approximating 4 of those a year. Our guidance for Q1 doesn't -- at the low end of the guidance does not require any megadeals to close to get to those numbers. We do have opportunities that could be megadeals. What we have seen, I think, as Jim cited, is a trend where some of those that were possibly megadeals in the quarter downsized in the quarter and someone purchased $2 million to $3 million and then may purchase another $2 million or $3 million later. But not -- we're not -- we're trying to reduce clearly our dependence on these very large megadeals, and I think building out the capacity in really the mid-market and base business has been helping us as we went through '12. We expect that to continue in '13.
Operator: Sterling Auty.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess I missed it if you had mentioned it, but maybe for everybody's benefit, can you talk about kind of what's implied in terms of the revenue contribution from Servigistics? And then another revenue follow-up.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. We've been, I think, prudent on the Servigistics as we're going into the integration of that as we speak. We would expect that to be a contribution of approximately $60 million to perhaps an upside of $70 million in the year. And they do have large customers as well. So I think we've been, I guess I'd call it prudent, maybe using your words, Sterling, to -- in our outlook for that. So in terms of growth, about half our growth would come organically and about half of it would come from acquisition for the full year.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And looking at the comments you made about starting to get a little bit of traction with the new sales hires, does that match geographically what you saw? In other words, where did you apply those sales resources predominantly? And what else can you do in some of the weaker areas, like Europe and Japan, to try to bolster demand?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Sterling, so a fair amount of that capacity was in fact deployed in North America, and I think that led actually to the strong pipeline we were talking about 90 days ago and to the relevantly strong results we announced yesterday. So I think there's some good signs there. I think the European situation is something that we just need to work through with all of Europe here. I'm hopeful that the Japan thing is a short-term phenomenon. And that, that problem gets resolved more quickly and goes away -- because we've got a pretty good execution in Japan, and I don't think we have -- I don't think a new problem has developed within PTC. I think a new external phenomenon suddenly impacted us a little bit. And I'm hopeful that, that washes over and our Japan business gets back online, as we would expect.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And maybe just a last question because I know it'll be on people's mind. Competitively, have you seen anything change? Because it seems like the weakness was actually not in CAD, but in some of the non-CAD areas. Have you seen any changes in those non-CAD competitive dynamics?
James E. Heppelmann: No. I don't think there were any meaningful changes. And in fact, if you look at the full year, the CAD business -- let's take constant currency because when you compare us perhaps to a European competitor, that's -- if you don't do constant currency, it changes dramatically. It helps them, hurts us. But if you take constant currency, our CAD business was relatively flat, our PLM business was up about 13% in total, with 13% more license revenue. So one thing I would suggest is we're going to stop using this 4-box because it rolls together too many apples and oranges. Our PLM business had a very good year. Our SLM business had a softer year and, in particular, a softer Q4 in part because we had a very large SLM transaction in the year-ago Q4 period. So there's a tough comp for SLM. But in fact, our PLM business really did pretty well for the quarter and for the year.
Operator: Steve Koenig.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I'd like to ask, on Servigistics, it looks like kind of when we look at the largest was Q1 and then they're restructuring that. That business may no longer be accretive for this year. And if that's the case, I'm wondering kind of what's changed in that business. What's caused your outlook to not be as good?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So we will expect -- this is Jeff. So we would expect that to be -- to continue to be accretive to our business. We have a consolidation here as well of our existing business plus that. So I think we continue to expect that, that will be a positive play for us. I think in the our current outlook, given the macro factors, we've been more conservative. But I think we feel, as Jim indicated, very solid on a strategic basis, and I think there's upside in that business as well. But we've been, I think, prudent given more macro factors and current trends. And we're still at the early stages of just integrating that business. We're, right now, about 3 or 4 weeks into that. And I think we're encouraged, but we've probably been a little bit more moderate on the outlook presently.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think, Steve, just to add a little bit more color to it, the Servigistics business is somewhat of a bigger deal business. So their revenue comes from a lesser number of transactions by far than ours does. So we sort of feel like -- to the extent the economy is bad and bigger deals are hard to get done, it could weigh relatively more heavily on Servigistics than on PTC. So we've suggested that if PTC were probably to end up toward the lower end of our range, it might be because Servigistics underperformed relatively more than the main of PTC. That's a bit what we're thinking as we go into our year and as we put together our guidance.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. If I could just follow up with one question. I'm curious, just to get some color, on how you're thinking about the revenue line next year. Like I'm wondering, are you going to be a -- well, are you going to be adding sales capacity or doing any reorgs? The revenue line, it looks kind of flattish in Q1. Then, obviously, it'll need to trend up later, but how does that happen seasonally as the year progresses? And have you talk to your customers about their spending plans for next year and what are you hearing?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So let me speak to the seasonal pattern. I think we're expecting -- we're being, I think, prudent on Q1. Typically, Q1 represents somewhere 22%, 23% of a full year number for us. We'd expect Q2, given the current outlook, which is -- I think, consistent with what we saw in Q4, we'd expect Q2 to be similar in revenue sequentially and then a step-up in Q3, and typically Q4 is our strongest quarter. So I think that pattern we'd expect. At the present time, I think we have good opportunities with customers. I think the uncertainty that's reflected here is just the uncertainty in terms of their outlooks themselves. Right now, I think we're being prudent on that for the year and for Q1. And it'll be -- time will tell us a little better as we get through that period what their outlooks are. Maybe I'll let Jim comment on our sales capacity.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Yes, and as well on the customer thinking. So from a sales capacity standpoint, we have ample capacity to cover us for our 2013 plan and even some distance into 2014. So I think we're going to stabilize sales headcount where it is and focus on making these people more productive. We don't anticipate any meaningful reorganizations of that sales force in the process. Incidentally, on that note, we are going to merge in the Servigistics sales force quite rapidly from the standpoint that we feel like this is a business we're already in. And given the momentum and the pipeline we have in SLM, it wouldn't make sense to have 2 different sales forces out there acting independently, as we did with MKS for a while. But coming back to the question about what the customers are thinking. I think there's been lots of data points that suggest that customers were getting incrementally more nervous throughout the course of the last quarter. And I think we're maybe at the peak of uncertainty right now. Somebody characterized it recently as the twilight zone. Nobody's sure what's going to happen. But I do think there's a sense of optimism out there. There's a number of analyst reports that suggest things will get better next year. And there are some customers that believe, too, that once we get the presidential election behind us and things settle down a little bit, maybe it'll improve. But we don't want to build guidance based on that, which we'd have to characterize as wishful thinking. So we're putting our guidance together, assuming that we're in for a difficult macroeconomic year, and then hopeful that maybe it'll turn out better than that.
Operator: Jay Vleeschhouwer.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, Jeff, I'd like to ask about your fiscal '13 thinking about what have been among your largest line items of revenue by geo and by product. So if I'm not mistaken, by geo, your largest source of revenue is maintenance out of Europe. When you break down license maintenance and service by geo, what's you're thinking about maintenance in fiscal 13 in that region given your comments about softness? And then on the product side, as we've talked in earlier calls, Pro/E maintenance or Creo maintenance is your single largest product source of maintenance revenue. What's you're thinking going into next year on that particularly given your comments about Creo 2.0 uptake and possible win-backs and upgrades, Jim?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So let me -- this is Jeff, Jay. So thanks for the call -- the question. Let me answer a few comments and then let Jim fill it in. We continue to have very, very good both attach rates and renewal rates, particularly in the Americas and Europe. And our outlook would be for maintenance, those rates -- and, I think, all our history for Q4 and the full year were those -- both we maintain good rates in all dimensions and probably improved -- had a number of win-backs in the fourth quarter. So I think we're very solid. We'd expect our maintenance revenue to increase. As we showed in the guidance, I think it's like 6% or 7% year-over-year. So I think we feel pretty good about maintenance. So I think the uncertainty is more around new purchases. So I'd say I -- we feel very good about the maintenance rates. I think, particularly on Creo, the interest and uptake on Creo 2.0 is really value to customers. And as a result, we're seeing , I think, continued expectations on good attach -- great attach rates and very strong renewal rates along with, I think, successful win-backs. So I think about we would say that's a very, very important line for us. It's more -- approximately 50% of our revenue, and I think we'd feel very solid with -- probably the highest level of confidence of any line in the P&L would be the maintenance line.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, and maybe there's 2 pieces of color I would add to that. Our view of the economy going into 2013 is not great. But it's a lot better than it was back in 2009. And I point that out only because in 2009, when license revenue for PTC and almost everybody, fell quite a bit, our maintenance held pretty steady through that. So I think we feel like maintenance does not necessarily follow license down if license slows down. Not quickly and maybe not at all, as we saw in 2009. Coming back to the CAD piece, in the prepared remarks we gave you, it does talk about Creo active maintenance seats, and you see a really positive trend there that the number of seats on maintenance in Creo has been really growing faster than the new seats we're selling. So what's happening here is that when customers see Creo, if they had slipped off maintenance, suddenly they say, "Maybe I should get back on it because if I could figure out a way to get back on maintenance, that might prevent me from having to re-buy the software." And then there's a supply chain phenomenon, which is when the big OEM-type customers, like, let's say, a Volkswagen Audi in Europe, upgrades to Creo, now the entire supply base has to upgrade to Creo to maintain that level of compatibility. And if some of those suppliers were maybe becoming a little delinquent on their maintenance, suddenly there's a huge incentive to get back on maintenance to make sure you can stay in the ecosystem of Volkswagen and Audi or Toyota or Honda or somebody like that as they upgrade to Creo. So this upgrade cycle does a very good thing for maintaining the momentum of our maintenance business.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. A couple of follow-ups. Your prepared remarks talk about 12% to 15% growth in services for fiscal '13. Would it be fair to say that Servigistics accounts for the bulk of that? If I'm not mistaken, I think about 1/4 or 1/3 of their revenues were services prior to the acquisition. And with respect to your existing PLM services engagements pipeline, do you feel you have adequate capacity to meet that? What we've seen, for example, with some of the other PLM systems integrators is that they're running at pretty high utilization rates. Some, for instance, in the case of Siemens' PLM, they're looking to add capacity. Do you think you have enough in place? Or you going to have to be out in the market like your competitors looking for capacity?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So first, the answer to the growth, the 12% to 15%, as you cited, that's correct. About 8% to 10% of that would be Servigistics. That's really the size and scale of their service business. So our organic growth would be about 4%. In terms of capacity, I think we've got good capacity. I think given the economic outlook, if the demand exceeds what we have today, we can add capacity. We're doing, as you know, both delivering the demand as well as improving overall margin. And I'll...
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, maybe I'll remind you, of course, that when you think about our program to increase operating margins, the front 9-back 9 program, we have a very explicit strategy to develop a services partner ecosystem and to shift a large amount of the growth over to that ecosystem. So we've been doing that. If you go back, I think, in 2011, our services growth rate was 26%, and it was somewhere around half of that in 2012, and then organically, it'll be half of that again in 2013. So that really reflects a proactive strategy to develop an ecosystem and to push a fair amount of services into that ecosystem so as to lower the mix and to help us drive up the margin of the services that we do.
Operator: Matt Hedberg.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You talk about uncertainty here in the outlook and the macros. And I guess in one of their topics, Hurricane Sandy, obviously, we continue to hope for the best for people in the Northeast. But does that play into -- I mean, how -- it's still early, obviously, but does it -- how does that play into your guidance? I mean, is that reflected in sort of your outlook now? Or is it too hard to tell?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: You're saying specifically Hurricane Sandy? I don't we have a...
James E. Heppelmann: I don't think we reflected that in our guidance in the new -- in fact, we had developed once this guidance before the hurricane came. But I also don't think that sort of New Jersey-New York City area is a big hotbed of manufacturing either. So I'm hopeful that the impact will be in the category of round off area -- error, sorry. But it could be that there's a deal or 2 that get affected by it. So we should probably go back to and -- go back to our forecast and see if that's the case.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And you talked -- that's helpful. Then you talked, to, obviously, you slowing your quota-bearing sales rep hiring now, and you talked about productivity improvements. Is there any way to quantify sort of what you're kind of looking for, for productivity improvements this year?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: We're clearly driving productivity. I don't have all the data right at my hands here. We're going to be in New York City next week, and I think we can provide a more fulsome discussion of that, both where are we on where we see ourselves going. But I think the reiteration that Jim cited earlier is we see the productivity from the new reps being up, and we're going to continue to drive that in terms of training and -- on both the new products and overall training for those guys. So I think, Matt, we can give you a good update on that. In fact, Bob Rinaldi will next week.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Maybe just to give you a directional without specific numbers. We added a lot of new people to a running system. And in doing that, we averaged in or we averaged down the productivity of the whole system quite a bit. We think that those new people take around 2 years, maybe a little more, to become as productive as the people that had already been on the staff. So you could imagine that we lowered the productivity of the whole organization by bringing in much less productive people. But as those people ramp, then the productivity of the whole organization trends back to where it was. In trending back to where it was, productivity-wise, we have the opportunity to generate a lot of license growth. And that's what I say we're covered for 2013 and well into 2014 with the capacity we have if we can ramp that productivity back in the direction that it used to be at before we went on an expansion.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And then one last question. Maybe this is a sneak peak for next week as well. But we continue to be asked about sort of your thoughts on the software-as-a-service or cloud-based initiatives. And certainly, SLM, I think, is ideally suited for products of that nature. Is there any sort of guidance you can kind of give us just in terms of how you're thinking about integrating products such as that into your portfolio?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. In fact, Servigistics has a meaningful software-as-a-business already, and it's been doing well. So I think you're right. We feel like PLM is somewhat of a lagging industry to move into the cloud. It's probably happening, but PTC was ahead of this trend when we tried to do it back in 2004. It will happen over time, but it's a lagging industry. But I think that SLM, for a number of reasons, some of which are technical, some of which are related to less intellectual poverty at risk and so forth, that's a category that customers are much more willing to put in the cloud, and we're going to tell you next week about the progress that we're making there, particularly with Servigistics.
Operator: Richard Davis.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Just a quick question on Servigistics. So of the new $65 million kind of outlook for next year, so we're thinking that $26 million of that is services. And then should I kind of roughly then think the balance of it is more or less split half and half between license and maintenance? Because I'm trying to just back into the what the company is doing and what you guys paid for it.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I think it's a -- I think the services piece is correct. Maintenance would be the next largest piece, followed by license. And so when you think about it -- by the way, the comment I'd make is their services business is relatively larger than ours, so that has a little pressure on margins. And also, their services margins aren't as strong as PTC's. So we're giving Marc Diouane the challenge of not only integrating that but driving the profitability of it. So just a few comments on Servigistics. But a smaller portion of it, probably in the $15 million range, would be license.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: And then who knows about future acquisitions, but is the kind of going rate these days for acquisitions kind of 3 to 4x revenues? Or, I mean, obviously, I'm sure it varies all over the place, but is there any way you could categorize the M&A pricing market these days?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, the most recent data point we have is Servigistics, which was, what, 220 on 80. So that was slightly under 3x.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I mean, it depends on the property, that scarcity, the -- then overall value. We'll -- every deal is somewhat different, and we'll look at the economics clearly on any deal.
Operator: Perry Huang.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just had a couple questions. First one, around the maintenance seats. On a sequential basis, it looked Creo and Windchill did pretty well and rose generally in line with seasonal trends for a fourth quarter. But for the all other seat segment, it was up sequentially, but it looked a bit softer versus trend, and then also coming off an easy comp in 3Q. I was wondering if you could talk about any sort of drivers there.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, just a comment on the all other bucket. There's a piece of that -- a significant portion of that is MKS. And as we completed the integration, we did have some cleanup of those seats. So I think we kind of began with a set of numbers there. As we cleaned them up, we found there was a little bit of shrink in there. That was not what we wanted, but we've got it to the right base. We're now growing that base again, so I think when you look at the trend, it's positive as opposed to negative. It did turn down for a couple of quarters as we did some cleanup. We're now in a growth mode on that. And I think, as Jim cited earlier, probably the highlight has been the growth of Windchill seats as well as increasing on Creo as well. So I think the trends continue to be pretty good, and we'd expect those to continue next year.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. And then just as a follow up, you've talked about sort of the cost-cutting that you're making next year. But looking at your guidance, I mean, given that OpEx growth is -- it looks like it's going to be minimal at about 2% year-over-year growth at the midpoint of guidance, how should we think about the key areas of spend that -- for fiscal '13 maybe in terms of R&D and sales and marketing?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, as I think, as we indicated, we're integrating Servigistics this quarter. We've got -- already announced some plans to lower our costs, and we'll compete that integration. As we look forward, I think we provided in the model our expectation would be to continue to see productivity improvement, i.e. sales and marketing continued downward slightly as a percent of revenue. R&D we've continued to be in roughly a $200 million run rate, and we'd expect that to continue. And one of the benefits you do get is as new products come to market, we get a revenue boost without a relatively -- without -- with a relatively flat R&D spending. So I think we're continued to be tight in all areas with probably the drive, as Jim mentioned, productivity, particularly in the sales group, is -- would be a factor as we look into next year.
Operator: Blair Abernethy.
Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Jim, just a couple for you. Just want to get a sense of the competitive landscape on the PLM side. Particular over this past year, where we've seen Autodesk move more into this space, become more vocal, more higher profile. How is that impacting PTC in terms of your going to the -- going to market? And is -- longer term, is there a potential pressure or -- I'm just wondering what deal size this is because typically, your business on the PLM side has been driven by even larger deal sizes then CAD side.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. What I would say is if you look at that 4-box we published, let me first say I'm unaware of any competition between PTC Direct Sales and Autodesk PLM. I'm completely unaware of any. I think where the competition would exist, if it did exist, would be in the reseller space. And if you look at the 4-box, our resellers had a pretty good year in PLM. And in this case, Enterprise really is mostly PLM because the resellers aren't selling ALM or the supply chain or the SLM stuff in any meaningful quantity. And if you kind of look at the year that we had, constant currency 19% growth on 18% license growth, 22% maintenance growth, that's a pretty good year. So I guess my view would be I don't think Autodesk is a competitive factor for us.
Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just turning to the MKS Integrity business. How have you progressed there in terms of cross-selling into more verticals now that they're under PTC's bigger distribution channel?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, let me back up a little bit and revisit how we did the integration and then, using that context, talk about progress we're making. So when we acquired MKS, we were effectively getting into a new business we weren't already in, unlike Servigistics where we're adding to a business we're already in. So ALM was, for us, a brand-new business. And we made an integration decision to keep their sales force separate through 2012. And in retrospect, I'm not sure that was the right decision, but that was the decision we made at the time. So there was not a lot of cross-selling happening through most of 2012. Then in the last quarter or so of 2012, we told our sales guys, "Go ahead and get started on campaigns." We did land several interesting SLM opportunities, particularly in North America -- I'm sorry, ALM opportunities through the PTC Direct Sales force, and we're building up a pipeline of bigger opportunities. But you got to think that these guys are just getting started with campaigns now, many of them going into 2013. We had a pretty good year in automotive, and I would attribute a chunk of that to success with ALM in automotive. But that was less about cross-sell and more about the fact that the ALM story is compelling to automotive manufacturers. So I think that most of the revenue synergy of MKS is still in front of us.
Operator: Our last question comes from Ben Rose.
Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd.: Jim, in the past, when we've gone through these economic downturns, large industrial customers have used PLM and CAD, both for cost-cutting opportunities as well as driving new product cycles. Is it your sense now that cost-cutting is trumping their focus on new product cycles? And if so, has that caused any change to the sales message value proposition that you're using out in the field?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think it's a good question. I think right now, what we saw, particularly in Q4, was people just delaying things. They're saying, "I'm not sure I should spend this money yet. There's another quarter left in a lot of people's fiscal year. Let's wait a quarter. Let's see what happens." So I don't -- it's not like 2009 where people were really trying to take costs out. I think right now, it's trying to avoid putting more cost into the system. But in 2009, we did shift to a story around sort of the element of taking costs out of your products and taking costs out of your product development processes through more global development processes and so forth. I think that story makes sense, and it becomes a story we'll probably tell if indeed the economy actually gets worse and people start trying to take cost out as opposed to avoid putting it in. Again, I would characterize our issue as more about downsizing and delaying things than actually trying to cut costs.
Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd.: And if I may, just one final question around -- you had mentioned the fiscal cliff in your prepared remarks. I noticed in the press release you mentioned an army -- excuse me, an order with the U.S. Army. What are you seeing specifically with the outlook for U.S. defense agencies and so forth?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, I think to be fair, we actually had a reasonable quarter in the aerospace and defense industry vertical. But I think that is a little bit people saying, "We should get our orders placed before there's a chance that the company -- the country does go off this so-called fiscal cliff." So I think that there's been a short-term positive effect in the aerospace and defense industry ahead of what they view as potentially a longer-term negative effect. Our view for next year would be that this industry continues to plod along. And there are some opportunities that aren't discretionary, but we think that this is not necessarily going to be a big growth opportunity for PTC next year as well. Okay?
Tim Fox: Okay, folks. So thanks for joining us this morning. Again, if you would like to register for our Investor Day, please go to the ptc.com and register accordingly. With that, I'll hand it over to Jim for closing comments.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, well, I just want to thank you all again for spending your time with us here this morning and for your support of the company. Obviously, we're very optimistic about the future but in the short term feel like we need to work our way through a tough macro and potentially currency environment. But we appreciate the time here today and hopefully look forward to seeing some of you again next week and we'll go back through this stuff in a lot more detail, okay? Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox James E. Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of National FIRST Executive Advisory Board Jeffrey D. Glidden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd. Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to PTC's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Results Conference Call. After brief comments by management, we will go directly to a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Hi, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on our Q3 results and outlook call. Before we get started, I would like to remind everybody that this call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products or anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumptions of PTC's management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC's Form 8-K filed yesterday and in our most recent Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. All financial measures in this presentation are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measures is located on our Prepared Remarks document on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com. With us as always this morning is Jim Heppelmann, Jeff Glidden and Barry Cohen. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Heppelmann: Thank you, Tim, and thank you to all of us for joining us on the call here this morning. With revenue up 10% and earnings up 24% at constant currency, we're pleased to see Q3 come in as a solid quarter. We did not close the mega deal we spoke of 90 days ago, but we were able to backfill with other deals, including deals that grew in size as the quarter progressed. So in the end, we were able to come in toward the high-end of the revenue range, especially in the license category even though everything didn't go our way. I would characterize our performance in Japan and Asia-Pac as being very good. Our performance in Europe as solid and our performance in North America is unimpressive, but in line with our most recent guidance. Looking across our 5 business segments, the CAD, PLM, ALM, and supply chain management businesses performed within a reasonable range of the expectation that we had for each. Our service lifecycle management or SLM business, stood out again this quarter with a growth rate that was much stronger than the other segments and substantially stronger than the company's overall growth rate. We're excited about the prospects in each segment and continue to believe that the growth opportunity created by this portfolio of 5 businesses is compelling and will support our long-term goals. In the third quarter, we continue to make great progress on margin expansion and the $0.37 of EPS came in well above the guidance range and allowed us to raise our EPS guidance for the full year. We believe that this quarter's EPS performance once again demonstrates the seriousness of our commitment to margin expansion and earnings growth even we're confronted with a more difficult revenue environment. We are now live with salesforce.com and we're operating with much better data and as we look at Q4, we see a strong pipeline particularly in North America. At the same time, we see increased pressure from foreign exchange rates and see no reason to expect improvements in the top macro environment we're all in right now. Thus, we're holding our Q4 and FY '12 revenue forecast flat with the exception of making currency adjustments. Looking ahead to FY '13, we are now actively engaged in the planning process for the new year and at this point, we do not yet have a final plan or guidance that we can share with you. But I can tell you now already that the bedrock of our plan will be strong earnings growth that targets $1.70 to $1.80 EPS range. To provide some context to the planning process, I'll remind you that our timeless FY '15 model assumes 11% to 13% annual revenue growth and 2 percentage points per year margin expansion. However, assuming that today's FX rates hold true with FY '13, due to currency alone, our FY '13 revenue plan would lose $40 million or about 3 percentage points of revenue growth. So considering that big FX hit, plus taking into account the likelihood of a continued difficult macroeconomic environment, our planning process is leaning toward an FY '13 recipe that involves more moderate revenue growth, coupled with aggressive margin expansion. But in any case, our objective would be to drive toward 20% earnings growth with that recipe. So with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Thank you, Jim. Just a few comments on our Q3 results and then I'll discuss our outlook for Q4 and the full year. As Jim said, we're very pleased with our earnings performance in Q3 as non-GAAP operating margins expanded to 18.6%. This improvement is primarily due to increased services margins coupled with diligent headcount and expense management. Overall services gross margins improved from 5% in Q3 of FY '11 to approximately 14% in the current quarter. During Q3, we eliminated some 41 additional positions, further reducing our expense run rates. We expect that these reductions will benefit our quarterly expenses by approximately $1 million in Q4. A highlight of the quarter with cash and cash flow. Cash increased to $238 million. We paid down our revolver by $20 million and repurchased $20 million of PTC stock. Cash flow from operations of $64 million reflects excellent customer collections. For the first 9 months of 2012, we have generated $197 million in cash flow from operations or approximately $1.63 per share. Turning to our outlook for Q4 and for FY '12. Our revenue guidance for Q4 is $320 million to $335 million. And again, as Jim cited, this reflects approximately $10 million of unfavorable headwind on FX. For the full year, our revenue range is $1,255,000,000 to $1,270,000,000. We expect Q4 non-GAAP EPS to be $0.44 to $0.50 per share and for the full year outlook of $1.46 to $1.52. And again, just reiterating, this guidance assumes the euro at 1.20 and that's down from the 1.30 that we've cited in the last quarter. As discussed previously, we are committed to driving our long-term non-GAAP operating margins to 20% to 25% -- 25% to 27% by 2015. We thank you for your support and will turn it back to the operator, Marla, to open it up for question-and-answer period. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Yun Kim from ThinkEquity.
Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: First, just wanted to ask you, can you give us some sense on how many 7-figure deals were follow-on deals from ongoing PLM projects? And how do you see that particular mix of -- those types of deals playing out over the next several quarters?
James E. Heppelmann: Let's see, do we have that data?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: We cited large deals and I'm not sure we have exactly your information. We can get that -- get at that. The total of large deals, this would be more than $1 million of license and service. It was up nicely. It was 34 transactions. We did have 1 large deal that was in the $1 million to $5 million range that actually expanded in the quarter. So we had 1 deal that was over $5 million, $34 million that were greater than $1 million and have generated about $75 million. So I think we feel quite good about these transactions. A number of these were follow-on deals as well. So again, the recurring revenue stream, we feel pretty good about and I think as Jim cited, there's a lot of activity and pipeline building really particularly in North America that gives us, I think, a good level of confidence about our outlook for Q4.
Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Okay. So just looking at the average deal size for 7-figure deals, looks like you've been trending towards more on the low end of the range, historical range over the last couple of quarters. Is that something that we can completely expect given the current environment out there? And is that something that you feel comfortable handling with the -- in the sales capacity coming more or less the growth around that becoming more limited?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay, good question, let me -- the average has been pretty consistent around just over $2 million on those transactions, $2.2 million in the quarter. That's very consistent with prior periods. I think that's a reasonable -- generally, we've seen that between 2 million and occasionally, the upper 2s, but I would say $2 million to $2.5 million is what we'd expect. We do have a lot -- a number of large opportunities out there that we are pursuing.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think -- just looking at the date here myself, I think what causes this number to bounce around. There's sort of a baseline of the lower 2s, and then I think it's the presence of several mega deals that averages everything up in some quarters. So I think that's really the trend. I think it's hard to read much into this as a trend.
Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Okay, great, and then -- and Jeff, can you just quantify the -- what could be the foreign exchange impact on this for revenue balance at the end of the September quarter? If we use your rule of thumb, you at first [ph] expect about $8 million to $10 million impact?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Our assessment, because it's a large quarter, it's approximately $10 million in revenue and that's the 1.20 versus 1.30. So that would come off the top of the revenue guidance that we provided in Q3 for both the quarter and the year. So it's about $10 million. That would normally translate into $0.02 to $0.03 of unfavorable impact on EPS. And obviously, given our guidance, we are reflecting that we'll mitigate that impact by basically managing expenses and we're also, I think, very pleased with the services margins that are running ahead of plan. We're now outlooking for that year comfortable with 12 percentage points of services margins. As we cited, we're actually at 14% in this quarter.
Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: So we should expect more or less the same kind of impact on the deferred revenue balance, right?
James E. Heppelmann: Deferred, it was the key part of the question.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay, deferred will be seasonal. We have 2 periods where -- particularly at the end of the year, January is the biggest single period, but I think the maintenance -- it's really driven by maintenance and the maintenance, all the maintenance rates are positive. There is some seasonality in there.
James E. Heppelmann: He's asking about the FX adjustment on the deferred balance.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Right. We reflected that in our guidance. So the guidance, it will come down slightly and we've reflected that in our guidance as well.
Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, if you could just talk about different trends that you're seeing in different verticals, which are doing better than others and whatnot?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, let me see if I have the vertical data here in front of me. I didn't -- when I look at it previously, I didn't notice any substantial trends on a vertical basis. No, I'm sorry. I'll look for this and comment on it. Well, here we go. I got it. I mean, there is not a substantial trend. There's some big numbers in verticals that are small. So the law of small numbers. But I think in general, pretty much steady as she goes across most of our main verticals. The exception, of course, maybe worth pointing out is aerospace and defense, which we've sort of told people all along that's going to be tough sledding this year, given what's going on with fiscal spending in the government and so forth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Davis with Canaccord.
David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: It's actually DJ, on for Richard. So Jim, it sounds like even from conversations we had last quarter, you guys are making a shift in sales headcount strategy from kind of aggressive growth to improving productivity. So I guess, any color on kind of the timing of this decision? Is it preemptive cost control efforts? Is it worries about macro demand? Do you feel like you're approaching full capacity? Just help us think about that.
James E. Heppelmann: Well, let me point out a couple of things first. So our sales headcount was flat versus last quarter. However, that's sort of hides the trend and we actually added a fair amount of new capacity, but then restructured the ALM sales force and merged it into the PTC sales force and in doing that, turned over some people. So you should think that we restructured, that took headcount down and then we hired new capacity and took it back up. So we actually did add some important new capacity in the quarter, but I just think that capacity is up 26%. Revenue is not up 26%. So there is some progress we need to make on lifting our productivity. And I think you're going to see us keep hiring, just not at the same rate and I think it really does come down to the macro environment is not as optimistic as it was when we started hiring at this more aggressive rate, and I think we should just make sure we mask the two, [ph] so that we don't get too far out over our skis, [ph] with capacity that's not productive in light of the economy.
David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Yes. And I guess maybe the follow-up to that would be you hit on the salesforce.com implementation. You said you guys are up live now. I guess, help us with where you are in that process. Are we kind of still in the data population phase? Or is it fully ramped to the point where we think you could see enhanced productivity in Q4 and looking forward?
James E. Heppelmann: So let me tell you, what is in the system right now is our mainstream direct sales force. What's not in the system yet, but will be coming online, is our resellers and the ALM pipeline just because that was being operated until this past quarter through a separate sales force here at PTC, and that's all part of a plan to bring these people in over time. So we have the data in the system. I'd say we're in the phase of making sure the data is complete, and I think it's firming up, and then we're in the phase of trying to understand what it means. Having this data for the first time, we need to calibrate our expectations against it. But I'll certainly tell you, when we think about our guidance for Q4, we're much happier to have this data as we you give the guidance than we were in previous quarters where we did not have this level of fidelity on exactly what was in play, what's the real potential upside, what's the potential downside. So we have much better clarity to that. But again, with the exception that clarity does not get extend over the retailer network or over the ALM sales force.
Operator: Our next question is from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I want to follow-on that a little bit. But in particular, in North America, Jim, you kind of described this lackluster. Is the lackluster portion as you got salesforce.com up and running and scrubbed the pipeline maybe it wasn't as robust as you thought? Or how much of it was sales execution because it feels this is the second quarter in a row that North America was not that great.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, so if we back up to 50,000 feet, look at North America, year-to-date, total revenue we're up double-digits. Year-to-date, license revenue we're down mid single digits. I think what the pipeline is telling us and sort of what my gut was maybe telling me was that we have a quarterization problem with a big hockey stick in Q4 and we see that in the pipeline. So we had perhaps a relatively weaker pipeline of opportunity in Q2 and Q3 and a relatively overweight, stronger pipeline of opportunity in Q4. So what we want to do here in Q4, let's go just execute on our pipeline. Post a pretty good quarter in North America in Q4 and we might end up with a year that from a license revenue standpoint it's somewhere around flat, which would still be unimpressive, but somewhere around flat, and then total revenue would be up double digits. That's our goal.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. But how do you then manage that going forward? I think you talked about pipeline build. Is there a an ongoing strategy to fill the top of the funnel and do a little bit better job in terms of the managing and the timing of it?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, absolutely. I mean, as you know, the presence or not of big deals in this pipeline, skews things considerably. So I think we've shared with many of you that a key strategy is we need to go direct a lot of this capacity together with marketing into building pipeline of base business of sort of deals under 1 million, including in the mid-market, so that we get a more robust pipeline and the big deals move toward being gravy rather than potatoes.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Last question is around the PLM business. In this microenvironment and specifically the domino deals that are out there, I'm kind of curious what you're seeing in terms of implementation plans. Are you seeing customers that are either holding back or slowing implementations? Or are things still kind of full speed ahead?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think things are relatively full speed ahead. In fact, I know of a couple of companies what are, for PTC, as domino opportunities that are actually struggling on their own top line and bottom line, forging ahead with PLM programs because they see this as part of a get-well program for the long run. So I'm not seeing any major programs that we're pursuing canceled and I'm actually been surprised that some of them are continuing forward in the context of how those companies are performing themselves.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Hedberg, RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Obviously, the Pacific Rim in Japan had a very nice quarter, several large deals that you mentioned. I think in the prepared remarks, you also talked about expecting fewer large deals in the coming quarters. I guess, I'm wondering how sustainable is the growth there? And do you think you'd drain the pipeline there? Or just kind of talk just about the pipeline in APAC.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, so, Jeff, you can comment too here. It's Jim. No, I'll start. I think that we had an exceptionally good quarter in PacRim, but the trend has been pretty good for a long time. So I think what we're saying is that inside the good trend, we spiked above the trend. We're not sure that, that spike is the new trend, but if we revert to the old trend, that's not a bad trend, but pretty decent growth. So I think we're just cautioning you guys, don't get ahead of yourselves thinking our PacRim business is exploding to some new level. It's been performing well. We think it will continue performing well, but perhaps it performed exceptionally well in this past quarter and that's not sustainable on a repeatable basis.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And then, I guess, in terms of Europe, I think you've quantified it as a solid quarter. I guess, I'm wondering, specifically, I know the German market is a large percentage of European business, how is that market in particular?
James E. Heppelmann: The German market for us is very good.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes.
James E. Heppelmann: In fact, our results as reported are relatively flat and in constant currency, European results, I think, were up 9%. So that's pretty good. There aren't that many companies continuing to post those kind of growth rates. Coming off, by the way, a fabulous year in Europe last year. So last year, our European business grew 24% and against those comps, we're continuing to post on a constant currency basis pretty impressive numbers this year.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: And maybe just to add to that, roughly half our business in Europe is in Germany. We then go north to Scandinavia. So I think when we look at this, most of our larger comps are really driven by global GDP that's clearly going to be impacted by any downdraft in European activity, but pretty solid companies and our exposure is largely Germany and North with some good business as well in France.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And then Jeff, obviously, you had good results from the services businesses quarterlies from a margin perspective. I think you took up the range, you're now expecting 12%. I think in the past, you've talked about mid-teens growth there. I mean, kind of in a baseball analogy, what inning do think you are in terms of service margin evolution?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So we said mid-teens, and I think we're running ahead of our plan that we set at the beginning of the year. I would say you're -- actually, the good news is we're a year into it and we're probably -- results are about 2 years into it. So I think we're probably still in the early stage of this, Matt and there's more to come on this. So I think the guys have executed extremely well in services and I think there's some more upsides.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, maybe to add some color, I think, a legitimate question is does our progress so far suggest we could do better than mid-teens ultimately, and we're not going to give you an answer on that today, but I think we're asking ourselves that question.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's very helpful. One last question. In terms of your 4Q guidance, can you talk to us about the number of megadeals within guidance? And are you seeing any additional approval steps? I think you said you had one that didn't close, but you had one this quarter upsized to a megadeal. A little bit more color on that would be help for 4Q.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, I think, first of all, we have a number of megadeals in play in Q4, and our guidance reflects relatively conservative close assumptions, sort of like the high end of our guidance range would still be less than 50% hit rate against the megadeals. So I think we're relatively conservative there. We're not planning to clear the table by any means in our guidance. I think in this past quarter -- naturally, one phenomenon in here is the hockey stick phenomenon that tells the sales guys, you got to get these deals done by the end of the year, which causes some of them to stack up in Q4 and that's always been the trend here and I haven't figured out yet how to change that trend. But I think what happened in Q3 is the one deal we were pursuing slipped into Q4 and another deal, as our sales guys want to do, they're trying to make these deals as large and significant as possible, and they managed to take a deal that was just under the megadeal thresholds and push it to just over the megadeal threshold by getting some more customer requirements in there. So I think the quarter -- let me maybe say one comment. That megadeal that happened in the quarter was not unexpected. It just got a little bit larger and became a megadeal, but it was forecasted slightly all along as a slightly less than megadeal, so that didn't -- it's not like we got lucky there. It's just that deal came in slightly larger than we had forecasted it. So I think we had conservative close assumptions in the past quarter that served us well and we'll carry those sort of conservative close assumptions into Q4.
Operator: Our next question is from Blair Abernethy with Stifel Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just 2 things. I want to follow on the megadeal commentary. Jim, can you give us just more color on what products were involved with the one that you booked this quarter? And the one that was missed and that slipped in -- back in Q2, is that still out there and what product areas does that focus on?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, the deal that did come in this quarter was CAD and PLM. The deal that slipped was PLM. And going back to the Q2 deal, the very large European deal we had talked some amount about, that was a PLM deal. That is not in play this quarter. So far as we're concerned, it may or may not be in play next year, but we're working through a dicey political situation there where the customer wants to buy our software, but fighting against the powers that be in the acquiring company around corporate standards and so forth.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then second question is just around maintenance and I wonder if you can just shed some color on the Creo seat count has been sort of flat for 3 quarters now. What's happening below the surface there? And in particular, how are you trending on the direct modeling side of things?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think what sort of happened is, as you know, you need to sell a fair amount of new licenses to keep the maintenance seat count flat. And our year-to-date license growth rate, last year was pretty impressive. This year, it's relatively flat with that. So with relatively flattish license revenue, it's hard to maintain or even harder to grow the seat count on maintenance just given turnover in the renewal rates. So I think we've not yet monetized much of the real opportunity with Creo. I think that's going to be a strong focus as we go into next year. Now that we have the Creo 2.0 product out, we have a much more solid offering before we had an exciting story. But our release 1 offering, now we have an exciting story in the release 2 offering and I think a strong focus in our sales organization next year is let's go harvest more of that opportunity and bring more of it to the bottom line.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on the direct modeling, how has that been trending?
James E. Heppelmann: As rest of the business is trending, more or less flattish license revenue overall and flattish seat count.
Operator: Our next question is from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can you talk a little -- if I look at the metrics that you give in terms of desktops, enterprise PLM versus CAD/CAM, the one area that seems to be growing much better is kind of, I agree it's a small number, is the PLM on the mid-market where you sell indirectly. Can you maybe talk a little bit about the trends there, especially given the noise that we also hear out of Autodesk around that area?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, thank you for your question. So it's been a focus of ours to take our PLM business down market over the last few years into the resellers space, and I think we're making great progress there. They -- those guys continue to post good numbers quarter-after-quarter, and I think that there's a substantial opportunity for PLM in this sort of mid-market/resellers space and we're doing a good job of executing on it. Gross rates there are pretty high and we don't forecast them to slowdown dramatically at any point in the future here.
Operator: Our next question is from Ross MacMillan, Jefferies & Co.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So I had 3 questions. The first is just on Q4 license guidance, which looks actually like it's below normal seasonality at the midpoint and about end line with normal seasonality at the high-end of the range. Aside from foreign exchange, which we understand will have an incremental negative impact on Q4, what other factors are influencing the way you guided for the license number for Q4?
James E. Heppelmann: I don't think there were other factors. I think we attribute the change in our Q4 license guidance purely to FX.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Ross, if I can just add that just FX alone would have a negative impact versus prior quarter outlook of $3 million to $4 million on license, and so the factors we look out are clearly pipeline build. We take into account macro factors and so forth. I think the good news is we feel pretty good about pipeline, but we have a very significant headwind in terms of the FX. If you look at the normal seasonality, we typically are up $20 million to $25 million sequentially in the fourth quarter. And I think if you look at the guidance that we provided, we're providing guidance that's very similar to that against a headwind of very negative FX.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Understood, and then -- go ahead.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I was just going to add that the current headwind on foreign exchange when we consider our planning for '13, we're assuming that the euro stays at 1.20. That alone, while it takes $10 million out of Q4, it takes $40 million off of revenue for next year and would have a negative effect of $0.08 to $0.10 a share, and it's really our goal based on what Jim articulated earlier to maintain the targeted earnings, which means we've got to mitigate through margin expansion and expense management that negative impact to currency. So obviously, we can't control it, but we're trying to do everything we can to mitigate it both in Q4 and for next year at the same time.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. So just maybe to -- on that point, you provided that 170, 180 range for next year without obviously guiding, but assuming that's still on the premise of the euro being a 1.20 to the dollar
Jeffrey D. Glidden: That's correct. So that reflects the negative effect of the euro on our FY '13 outlook, so absolutely correct.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. I wanted to ask just about productivity per reps because you made comments obviously that you're going to moderate the pace of hiring and look to get more productivity per rep. By my math, if I just simply do, let's say, the average of the last 2 quarters versus the direct rep license sales, it looks like because of the pace of your hiring, productivity on average is maybe down something around 20% relative to last year. So I guess the question is, let's just assume you didn't hire any more sales capacity, am I right in thinking that you believe the current sales capacity you have will be able to support, let's say, in a more normalized environment something in the order of about 20% higher license sales?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think that's a reasonable assumption. Just to make it clear to everybody, as we bring in new heads in the initial time period, these heads are not productive at all, and then they grow in productivity over a period of time, but the infusion of so many less productive new heads averages down the productivity of the whole sales force. So you're right, that in lifting that productivity back up to the levels they used to be at, we could generate a lot of growth. And I think that's the point is we now have the capacity to deliver an FY '13 growth number that would be pretty good, and so probably what we ought to do is focus on productivity and then later in the year, later in the FY '13 year, start thinking about do we need to continue to add more productivity -- or I'm sorry, more capacity that supports growth beyond the FY '13 year. But certainly, we shouldn't need more capacity delivered in FY '13. It's just we don't want to get behind on it either because this productivity needs time to ramp, so we got to try to stay ahead of it.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That make sense. And then just the last one for me. You've maintained your revenue growth rate in terms of your long-term target. But I just wanted to understand the sensitivity, if you will, so is there any way you can help us understanding if the 3-year growth rate isn't 9 or -- 9 to 11, but it's 7 to 9 or 6 to 8, whatever parameter you want to use, do you still think you could achieve the 200 basis points per year of operating margin? Or is there any reason we'd have to think about tempering that on a modestly lower revenue run rate?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I don't think that our growth rate and our margin are quite as interlocked as you might model them to be because we were pretty clear back in February that our company's margins should be 10 points higher. And one might even argue with slower growth, you should even have higher margins. So I think our view is we need to go after core inefficiencies in our business model, sort of irrespective of growth rate. And to the extent revenue slows down, we might try to have margin expansion speed up, and so we feel like we're committed to this earnings growth. A little bit irrelevant of exactly which revenue growth rate you peg in there. It's just we might tweak the recipe a little bit, depending upon the revenue growth rate you start with as an assumption.
Operator: Our next question is from Perry Huang with Goldman Sachs.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask a follow-up question about the Pacific Rim. Was China -- which is up 9%, I think it was down 10% last quarter, was China sort of the key factor for the large deal activity and strength in the region? And also was this new deal activity or was it maybe related to some deals that originated in 2Q and closed in 3Q?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, so first of all, there were no megadeals in China nor any deals really even close to the megadeal range. So there wasn't like 1 or 2 really huge deals. There were a number of million-dollar plus deals. And just off the top of my head, all of them that I can think of were pre-existing customers expanding their deployments.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you, okay. And if I could just for a follow-up, for Windchill and Integrity, with the anniversary of the MKS acquisition, could you kind of talk about how the sales force has cross-selling both products now? And what sort of traction you're seeing so far?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So as a post merger integration strategy, we kept the Integrity sales force separate from the PTC sales force for a year, and that gives us some chance to get to know the business a little bit before we mess with it too much. But we clearly see strong interest in demand in the PTC base for the Integrity product. So we decided last quarter, okay, we've hit the 1-year anniversary. And while we had planned to make changes at the fiscal anniversary, we've decided instead in Q3 already to begin making these changes a little bit ahead of schedule to go after this revenue synergy opportunity that's just obvious to us. So we're, right now -- in this quarter, we've restructured the sales force, so that there isn't such a strong line of separation between people who sell PTC products like Creo and Windchill and people who sell Integrity. Now the PTC guys are increasingly also selling Integrity, and we're beginning to see that kind of stuff enter the PTC pipeline in Q4 and going into next year.
Operator: Our next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, I'd like to ask first about a couple of possible product catalysts for you in fiscal '13. At your conference in Orlando early last month, you announced or previewed 2 fairly interesting new offerings. One is a small deployment version of Windchill. The other was the option to model it that you talked about. Could you perhaps talk about your plans or expectations for how those might play out next year? Then a couple of follow-ups.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Well, I think the Windchill for SMB version is just a simpler version that allows our resellers to more quickly move through a sales cycle and then more quickly move to a deployment cycle into a production customer. So it's a simplified version of Windchill. It's just plain easier. So I think that that's something the resellers have been asking for. So even while they have been posting pretty good numbers, they've been telling us, if we could make this product a little simpler, we might be able to do even better. So I think that will continue to -- that will add some tailwind, if you will, to the success we're having in PLM and SMB. And then this Options Modeler, that's a pretty futuristic capability and maybe I'll see if I can explain it in plain English quickly what it really means. So what happens is the customers increasingly produce products that are highly configurable. It's like if you go to purchase an automobile, you can decide which features and options you want included in that automobile you're going to pick up into it. The problem from a CAD standpoint is that CAD assembly modeling traditionally has been static. And when you start having products that are configurable, then you end up with millions of hypothetical combinations that could be created and you have a static CAD assembly modeler, so you actually can't model many of these hypothetical configurations because it would simply take too much manpower. So we've produced a concept that's part Creo, part Windchill that blends together a dynamic modeler of assemblies. So if you said I want a piece of heavy construction equipment with this kind of a front-end and this kind of a back-end and this kind of tires and this kind of engines and this kind of emission control system. Then between Windchill and Creo, not only could they figure out what parts would be required, but they can put it together in 3D and make sure it would work for you. So it's a very interesting futuristic capability. I think that that's something -- that's not a get-rich-quick scheme because it requires customers to make some fundamental transformations to the way they create products, but it's pretty darn interesting. So I think that one will play out over a longer period of time. But boy, I'll tell you when we show that to customers, their jaw drops and then they begin the process of saying how would we actually make that change because we certainly could see the value in making it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just a follow-up on your sales and distribution. Could you talk about the relative capacity and productivity of your mid-market direct coverage, where you've been doing some hiring versus your named accounts reps? And along the same lines, in light of the changes that you made in the reseller channels, revenue line and available number of accounts, at least, domestically, is it at all conceivable that your indirect business, at least on the desktop side perhaps, might be lower in fiscal '13 than in fiscal '12 in light of some of these coverage or structural changes that you've made?
James E. Heppelmann: Well, I don't think we expect this to affect the reseller revenue much because in our coverage model, there's always been a gap in these mid-sized accounts that were too big and complex for the VARs to handle. They might be multi-geography accounts or simply complex accounts and the VARs may have some difficulty with that, and then they were too small for the direct guys to cover. So we've always had a meaningful coverage gap in the middle of the pyramid, and we're pushing resources down into that. Now some of the resellers say, "Some of those accounts, I don't mind if you take them because they scare me. They scare me because I might run huge sales cycles. I might not be able to get the deal. I might not be able to implement the deal if I get it. It's a very expensive risky proposition for me to go after accounts that size. If we could work together and allow me to work in my sweet spot of complexity and then you take those accounts, it's okay." So our resellers have not been super successful in that space and our direct guys have basically abandoned it because they moved up market. So I think that putting new capacity in this area is basically going after our brand-new incremental opportunity and this new capacity, if you would look at the productivity numbers right now, we should probably check in with, I think, it was Blair that had a pretty good view on that. They're not that productive yet because they're all brand-new. But boy, they're building some pretty nice pipeline that we can see in salesforce.com and it's interesting. So as these guys ramp and continue to build and then mature that pipeline, we see this is a largely incremental revenue stream that we're going to be able to tap.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, I guess, it's a part maintenance question for Jeff. First, geographically, your largest source of maintenance revenue is in Europe and are you seeing that attach and renewal rates are steady there? Or any signs of some possible brewing weakness in the maintenance business at Europe? And lastly, Jim, earlier, you mentioned that in order to move the active Creo base number significantly, you gave a sort of a normal attrition, you would need to sell a significantly more number of new licenses. If for the sake of argument over the last, let's say, 8 to 10 quarters, your average new license volume on the CAD side is, let's call it, roughly 6,000 units a quarter, where do you think you would have to be in order to significantly move that number net of attrition in the base?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Jay, let me just go back to the first piece for a minute, and really looking at both attach rates and renewal rates, they continue to be very, very solid and they really are in all fields and including Europe. So we're getting very high attach rates and the renewal rates continue to be very strong, and I think we're selling lot of value with the new products that we're delivering. Our customers see the value. It's critical to them. They continue to take the maintenance programs. I think we've done a nice job with those. So I would say it's steady as she goes in a positive way on all of the maintenance metrics and that includes Europe. We are slightly lower on renewal rates in Asia-Pac, although, those are trending upwards as well. So I think the renewal rates and attach rates and even recapture rates has been good. Where people were off maintenance, we brought -- the team has brought a number of people back onto maintenance because I think value is selling in the new releases of software.
James E. Heppelmann: Maybe rather than give you the specific answer, I'll kind of walk you through the equation. There's a base of customers. If you have a 90% renewal rate, that means them 10% of them are going to attrit, so you have to sell them enough to replace the 10% that attritted. However, there's another factor that we call win backs, and that is perhaps somebody who attritted in the past changes their mind, and said, "I wish I hadn't done that." And then we have a program to get current with maintenance again that we call win backs. And since the introduction of Creo, we've had a lot of win backs. People maybe said, "Perhaps, I'm not sure Pro/E is the answer." Suddenly say, "I changed my mind. I actually think Creo is the answer. Can I get back on the program?" So our -- we've been able to maintain the seat base relatively flattish even with license growth that in some quarters theoretically wasn't enough to offset the attrit rate, but it's really the combination of new licenses plus new win backs minus attrition based on renewal rates. That's the equation.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Rose, Battlerose Research.
Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd.: Jim can you comment at all on progress you're making at HKMC? And also whether you're seeing any additional interest in your products from the other automotives, OEMs at this point?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, I was in Korea 2 weeks ago. I visited the powers that be at HKMC. This isn't new news, but we did successfully complete the Phase I deployment. They gave us a follow-on purchase to purchase more seats. There is from an opportunity standpoint both more seats yet that could be added as they bring more vehicle programs because they have, let's say, roughly half of these vehicle programs in the system at this point. So they're going to bring in more vehicle programs into Phase I while we simultaneously deploy Phase II. So we're kind of working in parallel on an expansion of Phase I and an expansion -- a new Phase II as well. And then separate from that, we're having conversations with them about ALM. That's a pretty interesting topic and they're out thinking about what their future options are there. We're starting some conversations around our supply chain stuff, some of which is in interesting them and so forth. So I think HKMC is going well, and will be a diamond account for us for years to come if we continue to execute like we have been. And then with respect to the other automotive OEMs, I think if you could look into our salesforce.com system, you'd see a number of other automotive OEM, PLM and SLM opportunities now in the pipeline. A lot of these things are risky and political and so forth. But certainly, there are other companies who say, "Boy, I wish I have what HKMC has." And so that story captures their attention and even scares them a bit. So we've been able to leverage it pretty well, and I think we'll continue to do so and with some luck, we'll land some more new automotive OEM domino accounts probably in the next fiscal year.
Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd.: Both in the U.S. and Europe or ...
James E. Heppelmann: I would say largely outside the U.S.
Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd.: Okay. And then one other question. The ANSYS acquisition of an embedded software a company caught our attention recently, and I wanted to know if you could make any comments there specifically. It looks like ANSYS has been more of an adjacent player, not a direct competitor, your thoughts on what may have motivated them to sally forth into embedded software.
James E. Heppelmann: Well, I think at some level ANSYS has a vision a bit like PTC, but not competitive. Let me explain my view of it. I think their vision is that products aren't purely mechanical. So they once upon a time were fairly mechanical and then they drifted into the electronic space and then they drifted into the software space, but really always on the analysis side of things, and we're more on the creation and management of things. So we've not really competed with them and don't really see this new acquisition as competitive with our ALM story either. But I think we're sort of kindred spirits in our belief that we got to deal with the whole product, crossing mechanical, electronic and software disciplines. And we'll both pursue our side of that strategy and we hopefully, we're both good companies and hopefully, we won't end up in competition. But right now, we definitely are not.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Koenig with Wedbush.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Jeff, if I could just start with a housekeeping question on MKS and 4CS. It was a year ago you got MKS towards the end of that quarter, I thought. So I'm wondering is the revenue number, the $20.5 million this quarter, is that a stub number or is that the full quarter and same question for the organic growth rates that you cite?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay, so the number for this quarter for both of those, of approximately $20 million would compare to some -- a number which was only a partial quarter last year. I think we had about $5 million or $6 million in revenue a year ago from MKS. There was no 4CS, so it's up -- the comp, when we look at it on constant currency or when we look at it on organic -- I'm sorry, organic, we take that out, both numbers out. So it's consistently recorded on the organic basis.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Steve, just to be clear, as I recall, we closed the MKS deal in early June.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, right around June 1.
James E. Heppelmann: So we had one quarter of that and we closed the 4CS deal, as I remember, in early August.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. So just to be clear, the $20.5 million, is that the revenue in the full quarter this quarter or only for the first 2 months of MKS?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: No, it was the full quarter.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: The full quarter? Okay, that's what I needed to know. Okay, perfect. And then I wanted to know maybe just a little color on the units, business units, what drove the SLM outperformance? When do you expect SIS to be more broadly available? And then on MKS, so sequentially, those results were down from last quarter, then any comments there? Is it sales force reorg? Is that the factor or quarterly volatility, et cetera?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, maybe on the second question, I didn't write down the first one. But on the second question, there was reorganization of the sales force, but I think we've also lumped MKS and 4CS together, and I would say that within that combo, MKS is -- ALM is doing better than the 4CS stuff. So I think it's probably not meaningful change. But yes, there has been some disruption in the salesforce, which in the short-term, is never good, but I think already in this quarter, is producing some interesting new pipeline as we're finally going after this revenue synergy that kind of was the fundamental reason we made the acquisition in the first place. Can I go back to the SLM question?
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Yes.
James E. Heppelmann: Now that we have salesforce.com, it's very interesting to look at, for example, coverage ratios and I can tell you that right now, SLM, we have the highest coverage ratio of pipeline opportunity to revenue. And I think if you ask why is that, it's a place where the sales guys have migrated to because the customers want to talk about it. There are more and more companies who have service strategies around revenue and profit. PTC has a very interesting story. There aren't that many companies lining up to compete against us, and we're viewed as a very credible player who could bring a lot of value. When I was in Asia a couple of weeks ago, for example, I talked to a large Japanese industrial company. They're around $30 billion right now. They plan to go to $60 billion by 2020. And of that $30 billion of incremental growth, roughly $20 billion of it is going to be services in their model. So think about that, a $30 billion industrial company right now with a small service business wants to be a $60 billion company with a massive services business, and we're talking to the very top executives in the company because they view PTC as a pioneer that could make a big difference in their pursuit to transform the way that they service their products and to create service advantage with it. So it's interesting and I think our pipeline is filling up and this is a place where we're pretty optimistic for the long run about what the opportunity is.
Operator: This does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'll turn it back to the speakers.
Tim Fox: Okay, thanks for joining us. Just one quick preview here. We're going to be heading to 2 investor conferences next month, the Oppenheimer Tech Conference on August 14 and Canaccord Genuity shortly after on the 15th. That wraps it up. Thanks for joining us this morning, and we'll be speaking with you soon.
James E. Heppelmann: All right. So thanks a lot, everybody, appreciate the time that you gave us here this morning from your busy day, and appreciate all the support and good questions that you had. Thanks, and we'll see you at one of these events or else in 90 days.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox -  James E. Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of National FIRST Executive Advisory Board Jeffrey D. Glidden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC Barbara Coffey - Brigantine Advisors Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to PTC's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Results Conference Call. After brief comments by management, we will go directly into the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on our Q2 final results and outlook call.  Before we get started, I would like to remind everybody that this call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products or anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumptions of PTC's management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these results and uncertainties is contained in PTC's Form 8-K filed yesterday and in our most recent Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC.  All financial measures in this presentation are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measures is located in our Prepared Remarks document on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com.  With us this morning, we have Jim Heppelmann, Jeff Glidden and Barry Cohen. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Heppelmann: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, and thank you, all, for joining us on the call this morning. In line with the comments we've previously made on the April 5 call, we at PTC were disappointed with the overall results from our Q2 of FY '12. But at the same time, we did see many important bright spots that suggest we're making good progress on our longer-term initiatives.  On the revenue front, in Q2, the license shortfall we experienced was confined to the large deal category of license transactions above $1 million. And of course, it was most acute in the category of megadeal license transactions above $5 million, where we failed to close the large forecasted European transaction that we spoke about on the earlier call. Had we secured this deal, we would've posted a decent quarter relative to our guidance range and relative to last year.  But beyond that single transaction, the large deal category in general was weaker than expected in North America, where our performance came in below our forecast. Naturally, we have investigated this situation in some detail and find that the shortfall is not easily attributable to a single factor, but rather, a combination of factors that are hard to characterize with a blanket statement. There was, for example, a defense-oriented deal whose funding was intercepted by another defense program; several situations where a customer decided to take a more cautious approach and spread a large upfront purchase out over several phases and, thus, place a smaller initial order than we had forecasted; and there was a sizable expansion order in a commercial customer that was interrupted by acquisition dynamics, in some ways similar to the large European deal. So please note that none of these situations directly involved competitors. And in each case, we do expect to ultimately secure all of this revenue.  I think in every quarter's forecast, there are deals that move in and deals that move out and deals that change in size. So in Q2, we can't really attribute the results to changes in the economic situation or to competitive dynamics, but rather, to poor forecasting and execution. This is something we'll have to monitor closely in the back half of the year. As we've mentioned, we are approaching the go-live date this quarter for a new CRM system and look forward to the improvements in pipeline visibility and forecasting accuracy that we expect to see from that investment and from the process changes that it will enable.  Aside from the big deal issue we've discussed, there were many notable bright spots in the quarter. Our maintenance and services business both posted strong revenue results, as did our reseller channel, and even our base business of smaller transactions in the direct channel. We were pleased with the performance of the MKS Integrity acquisition and excited about new strengths we are seeing in Japan, both in the quarter and in the pipeline going forward. We did secure a follow-on license transaction from a large Korean automotive OEM that serves to expand their Phase 1 user base, and we're continuing to work with them on Phase 2 deployment plans in the incremental license expansion opportunities that surround that. So the foundation of our business remains healthy.  On the product front, Q2 was a strong quarter, as we delivered Creo version 2.0, which is a significant MCAD release that's likely to become a major destination for our MCAD customer base. We also delivered significant Windchill enhancements in Windchill 10.1, including mobile platform support and integration to the Integrity ALM Suite that will enable a much stronger cross-sell story going forward. Included in this release are our new capabilities for quality lifecycle management and important enhancements to our supply chain planning and optimization capabilities. We also released Mathcad Prime 2.0, another major destination release for our customer base. So together, these developments on the product front will do a lot to help us expand PTC's competitive advantage and solidify our growth opportunities going forward.  Finally, aside from the effects of the license shortfall itself, Q2 was a good quarter on the earnings front. Our earnings per share grew 15% year-over-year on relatively flat license revenue, which suggests that we made substantial progress with our business model and cost structure. The services margin of 14% in the quarter is perhaps higher than we can sustain on a short-term basis, but it demonstrates the great progress that's been made in this line of business. The 10%-or-better services margin guidance we've given for the year is roughly double our services margin performance from last year.  In Q3, looking forward now, inclusive of the European deal that's left over from Q2, we are pursuing several megadeal-sized license transactions. However, in light of the Q2 disappointment and some concern about ongoing risk associated with pipeline visibility and forecasting, we have removed these megadeal-sized transactions from the guidance range we shared for Q3. If we were to close one or more of these deals, we could certainly perform better than guidance, but we believe it prudent at this point could take the more conservative approach.  In summary, we believe that our 2015 goals remain achievable but feel that, in the short term, we need to be a bit more cautious on revenue guidance, particularly around the larger deals until we've had more time for the new sales capacity to settle into place in a way that broadens our base business and reduces our dependency on these big deals, and in parallel, until we've made more progress around the initiatives to enhance our pipeline management processes that we spoke about in the April 5 call.  So with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff Glidden to recap some of the specific financial developments in the quarter. Jeff?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Thank you, Jim. First, just a few comments on our Q2 results, and then I will discuss the outlook for Q3 and the full year. Q2 non-GAAP revenue increased 12% year-over-year to $301.9 million. Our recent acquisitions of MKS and 4CS performed well and contributed approximately $23 million of revenue in the quarter. Q2 non-GAAP EPS increased 15%, as Jim cited, to $0.30 a share, somewhat better than our preliminary estimates of $0.26 to $0.28 per share, as reported on April 5, due primarily to better-than-expected service margins, as Jim cited, and lower sales commissions and bonus expense.  As we have discussed, our Q2 license revenue of $74.8 million was up 1% year-over-year. On a mix basis, our CAD desktop license revenue was $40 million. While down significantly from a recent record of $49 million in Q2 of fiscal '11, it was roughly flat sequentially from the $41 million in our first quarter of this year. Within our CAD desktop business, our channel sales grew both sequentially and year-over-year. Our direct CAD business revenue was -- for Q2 was lower sequentially and year-over-year, reflecting both a tough year-over-year comparison and a number of direct deals that did not close in Q2 of FY '12.  Our PLM Enterprise license revenue of $35 million for Q2 FY '12 was up significantly, approximately 39% from the prior year but lower sequentially from a very strong Q1 of FY '12.  A highlight of the quarter was clearly cash and cash flow. Cash increased to $224 million in Q2. We paid down our revolver by $40 million and repurchased $15 million of PTC stock as planned. Cash flow from operations of $97 million reflects both excellent customer collections, coupled with very good maintenance renewals in the quarter.  Turning to our outlook for Q3 and FY '12. Our revenue guidance for Q3 is $300 million to $315 million. And this guidance, as Jim cited, does not include any megadeals and that, again, is license revenue of greater than $5 million. We are continuing to be very disciplined on all spending plans, while we continue to build our direct sales capacity. For Q3, we are expecting our operating expenses to increase sequentially from Q2, as sales commissions and bonuses will increase with revenue, and we hold our annual user conference PlanetPTC Live in June. For Q3, we expect our non-GAAP EPS to be $0.28 to $0.32 per share.  We have a significant base of very large customers and are working on a number of megadeal opportunities. And these are an important part -- very important part of our business. In developing our full year guidance, we have been conservative in considering these opportunities.  Our revenue guidance for the full year is $1,265,000,000 to $1,285,000,000, and we expect full year EPS to be in the range of $1.42 to $1.50. And as Jim cited earlier, we are fully committed to delivering growth and increased profitability.  And with that, we will now turn to Tanya to open up the session for Q&A. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question, Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Marketing.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I think you guys did the right thing, obviously, to remove the impact of the megadeals largely for what -- completely from Q3 and then sounds like largely from full year. I guess I'm wondering, it sounds like a more cautious approach. Really, have your internal close rate assumptions actually changed? Or is it really more of a function to kind of, like you said, create the potential for upside to estimates?
James E. Heppelmann: Matt, it's Jim. I think definitely in Q2, in North America, our close rates were not sort of what we were expecting or perhaps what we've become accustomed to. I think whether that's just a short-term problem, like SAP thought it was, or perhaps indicative of a deeper issue related to the accuracy of our forecasting remains to be seen, so we're trying to be a little conservative to let that play out. But aside from the North American phenomenon, I think we were relatively pleased elsewhere with the close rates in terms of the forecast versus the actual.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then in term -- on the expense side, it looks like headcount, if I read this right, was reduced by about 168 for the restructuring, which is a little bit less than the 185, I think, we talked about last time. I guess 2 questions. One is that is that more a function of timing, or did you not eliminate as many as you'd maybe originally assumed? And then second, we know you guys, obviously, how important profitability are for you guys in the fact that you've reiterated your fiscal '15 targets. Can we take the fact that there wasn't further restructuring as a sign of more internal optimism? This is a one-quarter bump, really, rather than a larger issue.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, so, Matt, this is Jeff. In terms of what we accomplished with the restructure was really to realign the business and reduce cost, and we probably eliminated, in terms of dollars, a very significant number of improvement in terms of the overall profile. I think we will also be very tight as we go forward, and we'd expect our headcount at the end of the year to be lower by the end of the year than it is today by roughly a similar number. Maybe another 100, 150 people over the course of the back half of the year. So we're continuing to tighten up in all areas. I think we took the actions we did. We felt those were appropriate then, as well as tightening up further as we go forward.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And then if I could squeeze one more -- one last one here. Capacity is obviously up nicely here, and you indicated it looks like it should grow sequentially here at least from the quarter-bearing sales reps. Where do you expect that to end the year? And when should we see some of the productivity gains from some of these reps that you've hired the last couple quarters?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, I think year-over-year, we're up about 75, 76 in terms of direct capacity. I think we'll look to add a minimum of 20 in the next quarter with a goal of trying to do more than that. Again, by the end of the year, I think we'd have targets to be over 100 adds, well over 100 adds in the year, Matt. And I think that we’re starting to see signs of activity and productivity. Activity has been good; seeing productivity of the, I'll call it the first class of those new reps, so we’re monitoring that carefully, and I would say, really, we'd start to expect improvement in that delivery in the fourth quarter of this year and into 2013. So a lot of what we're doing is setting up both our cost structure and our sales capacity, both for the back half of the year and, in particular, for 2013.
James E. Heppelmann: Matt, if it's -- if I could, it’s Jim here. Just to add, I do think that our new guidance reflects more a conservatism around how fast that new capacity becomes productive, probably pushing it a little bit farther out than we previously were suggesting.
Operator: Our next question, Blair Abernethy with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Two things. First, just, Jim, I wonder if you can fill us in on your sense of the competitive landscape. We saw Deso’s numbers out this morning, looking pretty decent across the board. And also what are you seeing? Are you seeing any impact yet from Autodesk's cloud-based PLM offering?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I don't really think we've seen any meaningful change in the competitive dynamics. We just reviewed that yesterday. I have the list of deals in front of me here that we didn't close, that we had hoped to. None of those really involved changes in competitive dynamic. So I don't really think we see it. And with respect to the Autodesk thing, I've yet to really hear a mention of that coming back from our sales force, so I think that's a lot of noise from Autodesk but not necessarily a lot coming back from the field at this point.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then just turning to your PLM business. Can you give us an update on the progress on how some of the PLM benchmark wins are progressing in terms of getting into rollout?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, I think there were a number of nominal accounts that we won in the past couple of years, particularly when we were highlighting that program. That's driving the kind of strength that you see in our services business and in our maintenance business right now. So I'd say, by and large, those deployments are going well. We talked about the automotive OEM in Korea, where we successfully deployed the first phase and contracted for more seats for the first phase, while we are simultaneously negotiating what a second phase is going to entail, both services and license. So I think, by and large, those programs are going well. And you see that in the seats on maintenance, in the maintenance revenue growth in PLM and in the services growth. And I think the services margin suggests we’re doing a pretty good job of executing these programs as well. So I think all looks pretty well in terms of the big accounts we've won. And I’ll remind you, the European big deal, that we've -- the megadeal that we didn't close would have been a big competitive takeaway. It still will, if we close it.
Operator: Our next question, Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Were you able to go back and kind of take a look at what was the sales coverage ratio kind of coming into the quarter, kind of going back to the idea of the close rates?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, Sterling, so we -- obviously, the close rates were lower than we expected in the quarter. We've done a fairly deep dive on that, and we would really look at it and say a part of that was a maturity of the pipeline, the activity, the customers. They’re very clearly customers of ours that we would expect those to close so we would expect close rates to improve and forecasting to improve in Q3, really just because of the scrub we did. And then longer term, we really need better visibility and data. And I think salesforce.com, in the process around that process improvements and inspection will give us a better view as we really implement that over the next few quarters, and as Jim said, we’ll be going live in May with that system, but we really need to put the data in. We're doing that today and really develop the full process and data analysis that’ll be available with that system.
James E. Heppelmann: Sterling, it's Jim here. Just to add a few more points to that. I do think in the quarter ended and in the last few quarters, we have made a number of changes. For example, we brought on a lot of new capacity, particularly in North America, which means a lot of new territory assignments and so forth. And that rejuggling of territory assignments creates some amount of disruption, as does, of course, the hiring and training process and so forth. So I think that's probably a factor. I don't want to say it's the only factor or the only major factor, but definitely some of the changes around the restructuring, the RIF, the new capacity, the new territory assignments, this is stuff that probably added a factor to the close rates and so forth in the quarter, and it's something that we think we can work our way through to a more stable situation and get back to the kind of close rates we're more accustomed to.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And the readjusting of territories, et cetera, that was for some of the established people, so that's where you're saying you could have seen some disruptions. And just one follow-on to the previous, have you already scrubbed the pipeline, or are you scrubbing the pipeline further as it goes into salesforce.com?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So first of all, on the coverage model, we always did cover the entire planet. It's just in some cases, we covered it pretty thinly. So any time we bring in a lot of new capacity, we'll have to find pockets to put that new capacity into, and sometimes, that involves cutting an existing territory in half or something like that. So there's definitely some amount of disturbance associated with that. With respect to scrubbing the pipeline, we've been nonstop scrubbing in here for the full month of April for sure. I think we're trying to get a better set of data manually here to help us work our way through Q3, and then move that type of data and discipline into salesforce.com here in the quarter. And then I think what salesforce.com will also give us is a lot more visibility to the small- and medium-sized deals. Because when we do the manual process, we tend to focus on the big deals, which is important, and they move the needle a lot. But at the end of the day, where the new capacity really should be adding its value over time here is in sort of the small- and medium-sized deals first. And without a system, the transaction count we're talking about is so high, that manual processes are just tedious to keep the data, to gather the data and keep it accurate. So we certainly don't feel like we have best-in-class pipeline management and forecasting processes, and we're about to go through a transformation to where we think we actually will have best-in-class processes, and that will help us better set guidance, better manage our pipeline forecast, better understand where to make investments, better understand where to put new capacity and so forth.
Operator: Our next question, Perry Huang with Goldman Sachs.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just had a question about your China business. I guess, in the prepared remarks, it declined year-over-year. Could you provide any more color on the region's performance in the quarter, for example, what were the key drivers behind the softness? And then also how should we think about China being factored into the full year outlook?
James E. Heppelmann: You want to take the first shot at that, Jeff?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. So we -- in terms of the Pac Rim, I think if we looked at that overall, it was flat sequentially from the prior quarter. And I think we’re feeling reasonably good about what we're doing in the Pac Rim. It's certainly a area of opportunity and growth for us. That said, the growth, both for us and for China, has slowed a little bit. So we continue to, I think, invest there, and we continue to think we have a very attractive and strong business there. But it was -- it had -- the growth has slowed little bit.
James E. Heppelmann: I will say, though, Perry, that as we've been scrubbing the pipeline, the Q3 and, particularly, the Q4 pipeline in China looks pretty good. So I think we feel reasonably confident about the business in China, not really fearful of some kind of a meltdown that you might be afraid of.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Maybe just one other comment. We have added resource in China, and we've done some reorganization. And that, obviously, creates some change that maybe puts a little more risk in the back half of the year with that change. I think we've put some really good talent in, but they're relatively new in those roles and in those positions, and as you know, we’re addressing any of the topics and subjects that we think we need to do to make sure that we have a solid long-term business.
Operator: Our next question, Yun Kim with ThinkEquity.
Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Jim, you mentioned that some customers took more cautious approach and decided to sign up for smaller deals than you expected. Can you give us a little more detail around the situation? Is there some -- I mean, are there some hesitation among customers? Are customers approaching PLM projects more cautiously, and that's resulting in slower deployment? Are you seeing any sign of the existing projects getting downsized, postponed or even canceled?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, I'll talk to you in an example, Yun, of a particular transaction I'm personally familiar with. It involves a North American automotive firm, and we were, on one hand, talking to them about a program to implement this concept of global platforms that we talk about, which is a combination of Windchill PLM and Creo capabilities to put in place in a modular product architecture. And there's a high level of interest in that conversation. And in parallel, we're talking to them about a conversation to go implement a service lifecycle management program. And there's a high level of interest in that conversation. So our sales guys were forecasting a transaction that would include both. And what the customer said in the end is, "That's a lot of change at once. It's a big investment. Why don't we get started on this program and do a little bit more planning on the second program?" And so that's how the transaction came in. Now I think there's always some amount of that. That might have been a forecasting problem more so than a customer retrenchment issue. Perhaps had the customer's situation been better qualified, we would've realized that to implement 2 such programs in parallel at the same time might have been more than this customer probably was willing to sign up for. So I don't think, in general, we think it's an economic problem. We think that all companies right now are careful how they spend money. PTC is and was a quarter ago. But I think that it's a case where probably our forecasting optimism was too high in some of these transactions.
Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then it's been a while since we'd talked about SharePoint product. Is that something that is being deemphasized? And along that point, in terms of trying to align like product strategy to improve visibility in the model, what are some meaningful low ASP product opportunity out there that could be meaningful revenue stream down the road, or is it just simply improving visibility more driven by increasing self capacity to target lower end of the enterprise markets?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So first on the SharePoint question, Yun. We were developing a number of products based on SharePoint. And in fact, we backed off on one of them and continued forward on the others. So the one we backed off on was this ProductPoint product, and we really backed off on that simply because we found that customers who saw ProductPoint were interested, but when they then saw what Windchill proper could do, they tended to switch back to Windchill proper. And then we said this whole product feels like a marketing program because it gets people interested but then they buy something else, so probably does not justify the level of R&D investment we were making. But the other capabilities that are SharePoint based, for example, our product portfolio management capabilities, our social computing capabilities, our integration into the SharePoint portal, those efforts continued forward and I think are quite interesting to our customer base. If you look at the second part of your question, which is low ASP, I think the gist of your question, as I interpret it, is do we have some things that would allow a new rep to get started in a smaller transaction without having to go for a sort of elephant hunt right off the beginning? And I think the answer to that is yes. For example, this area of product analytics that we have. This is the capability to take a product design and try to analyze how much would it cost, do we have the right suppliers, would it comply with environmental regulations, what would its carbon footprint be, et cetera. This is a pretty slick capability, and it is in some level a PLM agnostic, so you can bolt it onto our PLM system or onto somebody else's. So I think that's a pretty interesting piece. I think the ALM business is another example of that, that we can go into a company and begin a discussion about putting in place a better software development infrastructure, completely independent of what CAD tools and what PLM tools they're using, so we don't have to go for the big PLM transaction. All or nothing, we can start in these other areas. And I think, service lifecycle management is a piece of that, too, because a key building block for service lifecycle management starts with some of our 2D and 3D technical publishing capabilities. So those are some examples of where a new rep can engage a new customer even if they are committed to somebody else's CAD and PLM situation. There's still a number of conversations we can get started that should provide some of these smaller- and medium-sized transactions without having to go for the big elephant hunt right upfront.
Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then quickly and finally, can you just talk about the adoption of nonCAD-driven Creo products? I think one of the strategic rationale of Creo was really try to expand a potential target installed base within the -- within your installed base. How is that going?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I'd say on progress, just to put Creo in context a little bit, last April, I believe it was a year ago, we came out with Creo 1.0, and this was an exciting release, but as release 1.0s of major new products are, people tend to kick the tires a little bit more and be conservative about going into production. They tend to wait for the second release. So the fact that we just shipped Creo 2.0 I think really delivers a much -- both broader and more robust offering into the market, that our customer base will upgrade to, and that I think, in general, will promote a lot harder and push a lot harder. So Creo 1.0 has been very successful in driving maintenance win-backs. The number of seats on maintenance has increased significantly during that timeframe, and I think Creo 2.0 was a release that we can go play more offense with and as well bring the customer base forward.
Operator: Our next question, Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Two quick ones. First, I hear you on on deal and the internal issues, but it still strikes me as odd that we had one of the worst of Q1 results season with SAP, Symantec, et cetera, all having issues in North America. How confident are you that it's just you and they are not -- that we have like an issue that might go on for a little bit longer as you go through that? And then going back to the Creo 1.0, as you have version 2.0 out in the market now, what do you think how long it will take to kind of get momentum there, and where do you see the early success stories coming out of?
James E. Heppelmann: Let me, Raimo, address the first part, which is the North America part first. I think in our guidance, we've allowed for the possibility that there could be a problem that lasts for a couple quarters here. As I mentioned, SAP didn't do that. So we're comparing and contrasting ourselves to them there. That said, when I look at the list of transactions that did not close, I can't, in any one of them, say they said it was because of the economy. That really wasn't the situation. So I think you're right. We had a bad quarter. We look around; we see some other people also had weak North American quarters. We think it's an internal issue, but I think we took the approach of saying let's be conservative and assume that this is a quarter – sorry, this is a issue that has a multi-quarter hangover. And if it doesn't, then we’re going to do better than that. But I think in our guidance, we took a more conservative approach of saying let's assume that whether it’s an internal issue or whether other factors develop, that it's a potential multi-quarter problem. On the Creo 2.0 question, I think that where you see we did pretty well with Creo was in the channel, and that's a place where there's a lot of new business being won and lost, and the growth rate there was relatively good. So we think that Creo, in general, is helpful in a new win. Let's say a greenfield environment of a small company buying its first 3D CAD product. This is a very sexy product that compares very well to SolidWorks and to the Autodesk Inventor Suite, much better than Pro/ENGINEER ever did. I think the bigger opportunity, in terms of bigger license transactions, is in the direct space to the extent we can get some competitive displacements going. There's a few substantial ones in the pipeline. And in fact, there's one that we did close in the last year in a deal that we actually took ratable, so it hasn't really shown up as a big deal transaction, but it's been a big contributor. So I think there's some optimism around that. And again, it's hard to push a major release 1.0 product, so I think having this release 2.0 product sort of makes the whole story a lot safer, if you will, for a customer who's excited about the content.
Operator: Our next question, Ross MacMillan with Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I actually had a couple of questions on maintenance, if I could. I was curious to get a sense for -- I noticed the active maintenance seats for the other category were down sequentially. Could you provide any color on that?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, Ross, this is Jeff Glidden, and thanks for calling in. If you look at our maintenance overall, first, there's a slight decline. I think it's about 6,000 seats. Part of that is the other category includes Integrity, and as we brought their demo over to the system, we've done a little bit of cleanup. That's one piece that caused a little -- a few thousand seats to be lower. On the second one, we've got some renewals that we didn't capture in the quarter, that we're still pursuing. So we say that -- I don't think there's anything fundamental there, but a little bit of cleanup and some open seats to be recaptured. If you look at the other metrics, I would just site that Creo is up nicely year-over-year. It's up about 14,000 seats; it’s 8%. Very significantly, Windchill was up 215,000 seats or about 22%. And I think we cited in the quarter, the maintenance has been a highlight of the programs. Attach rates are in the mid 90s, renewal rates are in the high 80s to low 90s. And I think overall, the team has executed very well.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Jeff, just to follow-up on that. I agree the growth rate on maintenance has been good. But I think you highlight 610 [ph] for the year on maintenance, and you did like 306 [ph],I think, in the first half, so that actually implies flat or even modestly down in the back half. I'm just trying to understand if that's just conservatism or if there's anything else we should be reading into that.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I think those are reasonable numbers. I would give you one just from Q1 or really from last year into this year. We do have a bit of a headwind on currency. The currency -- the rate last year was $1.37; that does affect our reported numbers. And this year, we're right now outlooking $1.30, and we've been holding in that level. So there is, year-over-year, an FX impact, but I think all the fundamentals, all the attach rates and so forth, still very good on the maintenance side.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And just a couple of others, if I could. You had a really strong cash flow quarter here. Jeff, do you think you could provide us with any thoughts about cash flow from ops for the full year?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. There will be -- clearly, we'll build cash from here and cash flow. We would look at -- be more cautious on the back half because of the shortfall on Q2. That really translates, the lower revenue translates into lower cash collections directly in the next quarter. That said, I think we can be pretty positive about cash flow. But we'll be a little bit more cautious as we look forward. We are planning in this quarter to continue both the buyback and the repayment of debt. Q4 is usually a slower cash quarter for us just because of the year-end which we’ll be a little bit more cautious on with Q4 as a result of the lower revenue numbers.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Will cash flow continue to grow at or above the rate of operating income -- non-GAAP operating income?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: It will continue to grow. I'm not sure I've done the math. As it will grow relative to operating income, it will grow with it. And I think we feel pretty good on the cash flow. We’re right now, at $1.10 year-to-date, in cash flow from operations; that's $0.80 in the quarter, $1.30 in the prior quarter, I think for the year, we'd expect that to continue but at a more moderate pace in the back half.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then very last one for me just on the long-term targets. So I was curious, is this -- maybe have you done scenarios? So I know that your 2015 target is based on an 11% to 13% revenue growth rate. But I was curious as to whether, for example, if you were to do something maybe more like 6% to 8% or 8% to 10%. Have you done any scenarios around what operating margins you think you can achieve under different revenue growth scenarios?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, it's a great question, and by the way, our goal is even if we moderate the revenue numbers, we're still driving to the operating profit numbers that we cited. So those are intact for 2015, the 25% to 27%. We have run a number of scenarios, and as we complete those, we'll update our guidance longer term, but we've given the 11% to 13%; we've looked at growing at a -- let's say it grows at 9% to 10%, what does that mean, we can run various scenarios. And I think the view continues to be very attractive in terms of our ability to achieve those long-term operating profit targets.
James E. Heppelmann: Maybe a way of putting that is that the margin expansion is driving a disproportionately larger part of the earnings growth than is the revenue growth.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: That's correct.
James E. Heppelmann: In that timeframe. So we're committed to the margin expansion and to the extent we believe revenue growth would be less, and we're not there right now. But to the extent that were a position we guided to, then I think there's an opportunity to say could we get more aggressive with margins? So those are all just scenarios right now. We're not willing to commit to any of those. We're still happy at this point with the program that's out there.
Operator: Our next question, Richard Davis with Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: So I'm trying to square the fact that we’ll say over the past year, expectations for license revenue growth for 2011 is kind of dipped down from 17% to 11% to 5%. With the need -- in my opinion, and this is why I'm trying to figure out if I'm right or wrong, and kind of following on Ross's comments, but that license -- the license service mix for Windchill would seem to have to be moving much more towards licenses, I would think, in order to get that segment's margins up from, as best we can tell, somewhere in the mid single digits to the high teens, in other words, to help you get those margin numbers up. Because I think it's pretty clear, the CAD business is nicely profitable, but the margin structure of Windchill is not where it should be. So can you help me kind of square those 2 issues and where I’m -- help me out; figure that out?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Well, this -- first, Richard, on the license growth, I mean, obviously, the 5% is a pretty conservative number. At this point, it assumes we don't close several of these larger transactions that we've been pursuing. And keep in mind, you start talking about a $10 million transaction, it's 3% license growth all by itself. And if you start thinking about the implications of a couple of those going one way versus the other, you don't have the wide swings on our license growth rate. So number one, we've shifted to a more conservative outlook for the back half of the year, no doubt. On Windchill margins, in general, it really does come down to mix, but there are several different contributing factors to the mix. One is maintenance. There’s license, there’s maintenance, there’s service, obviously. The maintenance part of the mix continues to increase nicely, and that helps with profitability. And the services part of the mix, while it's still strong, the margins of that services revenue are also increasing rapidly, double last year, which has a significant impact on the profitability. So I think in the end, license revenue is the way to really win the game with our PLM business, but what we've been doing with maintenance and what we've been doing with services margin does a lot to move the profitability needle of that business in the meantime.
Operator: Our next question, Steven Koenig with Longbow Research.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: I would like to ask you a question about the long-term guidance as a follow-up on that, and then just one quick follow-up after that. So in the long-term guidance in your prepared remarks, you talked about the PLM market growing 9%, the CAD market growing 5%, so you're relying on share gains, it looks like, to make those kind of targets. Now you did just talk about going through the analysis of where those scenarios might go. So I'm wondering what would cause you to lower long-term guidance or not? If you found out that this had just been a Q2 phenomenon, you came right back, is that what would cause you to keep it? Or would the analysis by itself be enough to say that you ought to de-risk by lowering the long-term guidance?
James E. Heppelmann: Steve, it's Jim. I think the real factor we're going to have to monitor is the impact of the new sales capacity because we've put a lot of sales capacity into the system. It hasn't yet worked its way through the system, but that's going to happen, particularly as we go through the back half of the year and then into next year. And I think as that sales capacity settles into place and creates the sort of productivity that we anticipate they will, then we're going to feel pretty darn good about those long-term growth numbers. And if they didn't, then I think that's the point where we'd have to say is that 11% to 13% growth rate reasonable or not. And of course, having a better pipeline management forecasting system will help us do a good job on making that call.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. That makes -- that makes perfect sense to me. And then for the follow-up here, this is more about just [indiscernible] It was good to see that revenues from deals below $1 million grew pretty well. I calculated 16% year-on-year. Going to the large deal execution now, I'm wondering, what, if any, changes have you made to the sales organization since the miss or the sales process besides scrubbing the pipelines here and getting the forecasting system in place?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think that the changes we made in the sales organization were made prior to the miss, and we still think those are the right changes even if they introduce some disturbance that we have to work our way through. I think the bigger question is how do we manage the pipeline and manage the forecasting process? And again, I mentioned earlier, the way we do that today is not a best-in-class way of doing it. And we've been working for some time to transition toward a best-in-class way of doing it, and that transition will begin to take route this quarter. It's not an instant miracle, but it's a better way of doing it; it's a better process. And so I think that we'll -- today, in this current quarter, in the last month, we've been doing a lot of work with the old manual process, and what we'd like to have is a systematic approach to understand what does the pipeline look like for MCAD, for PLM, for supply chain management, for SLM, for ALM? What is the safety factor we have when we put a forecast or some guidance out there. We need better visibility. A good example is this new capacity is probably not going to show up in the big deal pipeline but more in the sort of mid-market which you mentioned’s actually showing some good signs. But we need much more granular visibility to get this new capacity delivering as we expected to. And if not, why, and so forth.
Operator: Our next question, Barbara Coffey with Brigantine.
Barbara Coffey - Brigantine Advisors: A quick question on how you're balancing your new capabilities with new salespeople with the assignments that get sent of to the channel. And then as part of understanding sort of what the channel is selling, can you speak a bit about some of those -- sort of what are they selling? Are they selling the full suite of Creo, as well as some of the PLM stuff?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I think there's been some discussion amongst analysts about changes we made in the channel space. So let me talk through that. We kind of made, let's say, 2 changes in the last quarter or so regarding the channel space. One is we went from a centralized management of the channel to a regional management of the channel. And we did that really because it allows us to eliminate some overhead. And I don't think that in of itself represents any meaningful change to what's happening. The second change we did is we did put some of the new direct capacity into the mid-market space in regions where the channel is not as strong as it is elsewhere. So for example, in North America, our channel is not as strong as it is in Europe, so in North America, we expanded a little bit into the mid-market space with some of this new capacity. And part of the reason we do that is because, as you know, our channel is very strong as it relates to MCAD growing in their strength with PLM, but we also have ALM and SLM, and there may be some pretty good opportunities, let's say, in a $0.5 billion-sized company for ALM or SLM. And in some cases, the channel is just not in a position to pursue that. So we've moved the line a little bit, really, in the regions where the channel probably is insufficient in terms of its ability to pursue accounts at that level of size and complexity. That said, if I point out, the channel performance in the quarter was actually pretty good. So that's not really the root of any problems we had.
Barbara Coffey - Brigantine Advisors: No. With so many people being hired, some of the discussion being at the middle market, mentally I was thinking that often was where your channel was and was just trying to understand the new dynamics.
James E. Heppelmann: Okay. Another question from Barbara or any other questions on the road -- on the line here?
Operator: Our next question, Ben Rose with Battle Road Research.
Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd.: In your analysis of the quarter, looking specifically at certain industry sectors that you sell to, whether it's industrial machinery, automotive, electronics and high tech, were there any larger conclusions to draw in terms of the relative health of those industries? And are there any plans to change the focus, if you will, on those industries given what you may have seen in this quarter?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Ben, I think we did not see any meaningful trend across the verticals, meaning that all of the verticals performed more or less at the same level. Meaning that, for example, the big deals, one was a defense deal I mentioned, one was an industrial deal, one was an electronic deal, so I think we did not see any type of concentration that would say we have a problem or that we have a great opportunity in this vertical. It was really consistent with our overall view of what the opportunity is.
Operator: Our last question, Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, in an earlier answer, you talked about some of the changes you had put in place for the channel in North America, affecting mid-market coverage. Just a clarification, were any changes like that made or priority plans be made for any channel outside the U.S.?
James E. Heppelmann: I think, Jay, in general, we're working around the strength of the channel. So in Europe, as I mentioned, the channel’s strong. And that's not to say they're strong in every region, in every vertical and so forth. So we're trying to complement the channel, basically. And there's a lot of customers, a lot of companies in that mid-market space, and it's difficult to cover them all. And in some cases, our channel is not even covering big chunks of the market, so what we're trying to do is complement them. And where we see a lack of effective coverage, we're putting some PTC capacity in there. Because the channel doesn't really have the luxury to expand quickly. And in particular, when you move beyond CAD into some of these more enterprise accounts, it's difficult for these channel resellers to quickly expand their capacity into SLM or something like that to build that expertise. So again, the key message is we're working around the strength of the channel and trying to make the ecosystem stronger and not just move it from one spot to another.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. There was an earlier question about possibly having some lower-priced offering, for example, around SharePoint. Let me ask an opposite question, which is the possibility of doing more with higher-priced versions of your software or mixing up in some way for either Pro/E or Windchill? Is there any thought that through mix or configuration that you might be willing to trade off volume, let's say, for some higher ASP mix, both for the upfront license and therefore, you pull-through more maintenance revenues perceived down the road if you do that?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I don't think that's an explicit strategy. I think that what's happening is our more mature direct reps tend to work on bigger programs, bigger deals. I think you know that if you looked at our pipeline right now, both the existing programs and some of the stuff in our pipeline, for example, there's some really interesting service lifecycle management opportunities in that pipeline, but that's not necessarily where we want a new rep to start. So we're trying to have an opportunity for a rep to scale, start with a territory with some lower-cost products, some products that aren't such an all-or-nothing proposition to the customer, get in there, win some business, grow it, and maybe down the road, you'll have an opportunity at something really big. But I don't think we have an explicit strategy to go toward higher-cost products. I do think our solutions, though, things like SLM and ALM are high-value solutions which leads us over time into more and more of these big transactions. What we'd like to do in our pipeline is to have a nice balance of the big transactions in the base business, such that the forecast could be more based, if you will, on the base business and less of a dependency on closing that last transaction to make a quarter, like we saw this past quarter.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a couple of last ones. You mentioned in earlier remarks Auto once or twice, and of course, there’s the HKMC relationship. If you think back over the last dozen or more years in this industry, the large 8- to even 9-figure transactions in Auto were pretty occasional. There was a Ford, there was a Toyota, there was a Nissan every so often. And the question now is do you think there is more opportunity now for churn, let's say, in automotive? Are there more large automotive OEMs, do you think, in play that are rethinking their product development infrastructure so that where you may not have had much footprint in auto, though, there is a potential for more HK-like transactions coming into play?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I think if you look at the different segments, you'll see an interesting story, which is not many major automotive OEMs really want to switch CAD tools. And you see an occasional situation like Daimler that had some special circumstances around it. But by and large, the automotive industry is not switching CAD tools. There is a certain amount of them, though, that are reconsidering what their PLM strategy is, and Deso’s V6 strategy has actually forced some companies to reconsider what are they going to do for PLM, and that creates some opportunity for us. But when you switch from that discussion to ALM and SLM, it’s greenfield. There is hardly any major automotive company that isn't interested in an SLM conversation or an ALM conversation. And it doesn't really matter which CAD and PLM tools they use. So I see us having a very large opportunity in automotive, particularly around ALM and SLM, which are areas that PTC's traditional competitors in CAD and PLM don't match up against us and don't necessarily have even the means to block us from entering some of their best accounts. So I think that's where the real opportunity lies. Some is -- not so much in CAD, some in PLM, lots of opportunity in ALM and SLM.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: All right. And sorry, just one last clarification on the sales coverage issue, and has there been any change at all in your number of named accounts over the last year or so? And if not, has there been any change, however, in the number of named accounts per senior rep, let's say? Has that changed at all?
James E. Heppelmann: I think that the number of named accounts is not really materially changed. And I think in the bigger accounts, you would see very little churn when you get into that -- to the low end of the direct space, you'd find a situation where a typical rep has far more accounts than they can really cover, to be honest, and that's where you'd see a territory being broken into 2 territories, and then reps having to spend more time, more effort getting to know the customers a little bit more intimately than just driving around and seeing if there's a transaction amongst a large portfolio of accounts.
Tim Fox: Great. Thank you, folks. We want to highlight that PTC is going to be participating in 2 upcoming investor events. The first, Jefferies's Global T&T Conference in New York on May 8; followed by JPMorgan's Tech Conference in Boston on May 17. Again, thanks for joining us this morning, and that concludes our call for today.
James E. Heppelmann: All right. Thanks, everybody. We’ll look forward to seeing you at the next opportunity. Bye-bye.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. All lines may disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox James E. Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of National First Executive Advisory Board Jeffrey D. Glidden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd. Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to PTC's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Results Conference Call. After brief comments by management, we will go directly into the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Thanks, Evan, good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us in our Q1 results and outlook call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everybody that this call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products or anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on current assumptions of PTC's management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC's most recent Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. All financial measures in this presentation are non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measures is located in our prepared remarks document on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com. With us this morning, we have Jim Heppelmann, Jeff Glidden and Barry Cohen. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Heppelmann: Thanks, Tim. So thank you, and welcome to all of you who are spending your time with us here this morning. As you saw on our press release last night, PTC is off to a good start in fiscal 2012 with solid Q1 results. Just a quick note that throughout my comments here this morning, I'm going to be referring to non-GAAP numbers. In Q1, revenue of $320 million was at the high end of our guidance and up about 20% year-over-year with about 12% of that growth being organic. The revenue mix was aligned with our expectations with Enterprise revenue increasing 21% organically, and 38% overall, while Desktop revenue was up 5%, all of which, of course, was organic. EPS was $0.35 a share, which was up 59% year-over-year and well above our guidance. That's largely because operating margins were better than 18%, a full 5 points higher than a year ago. So Q1 looks to me like a solid quarter largely devoid of surprises other than perhaps the positive element of higher margins driving higher EPS. I'd like then to move on to the bigger news in the press release, which is the changes we're making to our profitability outlook, both short and long term. You will note that we significantly raised our profit guidance both for FY 2012 and for our longer term model. To provide some context, you will recall that after I became president in 2009, we outlined to our shareholders a goal to deliver a 20% EPS growth rate for 5 years through 2014. Our strategy was to do this by growing revenue about 12% annually and combining that with operating margin expansion of about 1 percentage point per year, resulting ultimately in an operating margin target of 20% by 2014. In terms of actual performance, we've been able to exceed the EPS growth goals in 2010 when we had 25% EPS growth, and again in 2011 when we had 26% EPS growth. If you look at how we've accomplished that, you'll see that we've been achieving the 12% revenue growth goal on average, but we've been adding more like 2 percentage points of margin expansion per year. This year, in FY '12, we are again expecting to meet or exceed our revenue growth goal of 12%, and we feel confident that we will expand margins by another 2 percentage points to take our margins to around 20% for the year. And with Q1 coming in at 18.4%, this seems like it'll be achievable. Note that if we do achieve our 20% margin target here in 2012, that puts us already at the finish line of the original FY '14 margin expansion plan, which essentially causes our FY '14 goals to be no longer meaningful. So with a couple of years under my belt, and with Jeff having been with us for more than a year, we've had a lot of time to analyze the business. We feel comfortable we can maintain that same level of revenue growth going forward and also think there are some changes we can make that would allow us to commit to the 2 percentage points per year margin expansion until such time as we drive our margins into the upper 20s where they arguably should be. So with that in mind and with our 2014 goal becoming obsolete, we are retiring the FY '14 goal and have provided a new set of targets for the 2015 time frame, which is to drive an 11% to 13% revenue growth rate while increasing our margins to the 25% to 27% range. If you play this out at the midpoints, it would suggest revenue of around $1.85 billion and EPS of about $3 a share in the 2015 time frame. These goals are attractive, so I want to spend a little time to give you some more insight into the changes that we are making to make them achievable. I'd like to caution that I don't expect to accomplish much more than to simply overview them in this call. But I'd ask that you plan to join us at our February 7 investor event to get the full detail behind PTC's strategy and our business model going forward. Starting back in the late 1980s, PTC has operated with a functional organizational model for most of our existence. We ultimately found, as most companies do, that as we grew beyond a certain size and complexity, the functional model starts to break down because it's difficult to focus on different opportunities that have different characteristics. In 2009, after I became president, we created several business units to focus on some of the new opportunities that we felt were adjacent to the core businesses of CAD and PLM. And of course, in the core businesses, we continued to operate with a functional organizational model. These business units were generally structured around acquired businesses such as Arbortext, Mathcad, InSight, which was the Synapsis acquisition, Relex, and then more recently, the acquired MKS business. The focus of these business units really paid off on the growth dimension as each of these business unit has outperformed its original growth goals. And at the same time, Jeff and I could see that these business units, which were quite deep, were also creating a level of inefficiency in terms of extra sales, services and management overhead. So knowing that our margins are trailing many of our peers, starting last summer, we performed a deep dive analysis on our profitability situation, and we concluded that, structurally, PTC should be able to achieve operating margins in the upper 20s, similar to our peer companies. This is about 10 points higher than PTC achieved in fiscal year 2011. Our analysis showed inefficiencies in sales, mostly in terms of overhead ratios, were costing us about 5 points of margin relative to peers and a combination of services revenue mix and services margins were costing us another 5 points relative to peers. But we can see that inside these challenges are some great margin expansion opportunities. So we've created an organizational realignment that focuses our strategy and solution planning work around 5 market sectors while retaining the vast majority of our sales, services, R&D and marketing resources in a more efficient functional model. The 5 market sectors which are: CAD; ALM, or Application Lifecycle Management; SCM for Supply Chain Management; SLM for Service Lifecycle Management; and of course, PLM are all very interesting opportunities, but they have different market sizes and growth rates, different competitors. We're trying to solve different problems and we're offering different value propositions, so we need to deeply understand each opportunity individually, yet in many cases, they can share the same technology like Bill of Material or 3D graphics. The solutions need to work together and they can be sold to the same customers. So for maximum efficiency, we'd like to share technology, as well as sales and services resources across all 5 market sectors. This is essentially a type of matrix organization model that's fairly typical of larger, more complex offer companies like PTC. It will allow us to continue to have the customer focus necessary to achieve the revenue growth success we've been seeing, yet we think we can drive significantly higher margins going forward. As we've moved to implement this organization realignment, we've been able to capture a number of efficiencies in the short term, which led to the reduction in force and restructuring charges that we mentioned in the prepared remarks and that Jeff will comment further on in a second. That's about as much overview as I have time for here today. I'd like to reiterate that at our February 7 Investor Day, which is less than 2 weeks away, we'll take you through a much deeper dive into this overall strategy, as well as provide insight into the dynamics of each market sector and the progress we're making to efficiently expand our sales capacity and to continue to improve our services mix and margin. We're excited to share this strategy with you, and we feel that talking about the actual market sectors in which we compete will give you a much better understanding of our business and its opportunities than the Desktop and Enterprise framework we've been using for some time. Of course, we'll continue to provide Desktop and Enterprise reporting through the balance of FY '12 to give you time to get comfortable with this new perspective. So with that, I'd like to thank you again for joining us here today, and I'll turn it over to Jeff Glidden, who will take you through some of the financial highlights of the quarter.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Thanks, Jim. I will make a few comments on the quarter and provide our guidance for Q2 and FY '12. As Jim cited, we delivered very good financial results from Q1 despite an unfavorable headwind from currency movements. As we began Q1, we provided revenue guidance of $305 million to $320 million based on FX assumption of $1.40 per euro. During the quarter, the dollar strengthened such that our average rate for the euro was $1.37. This lower FX rate would have had the effect of reducing our Q1 revenue guidance by some $4 million to $5 million, with balanced revenue growth in all regions, with our European business leading the way, growing 24% year-over-year. By the way the majority of our European business is generated in Germany, Switzerland, United Kingdom, Scandinavia, France and Benelux. I would also note that our European customers are typically large and global in scale, and while they could be impacted by a slowdown within Europe, they tend to be more influenced by global GDP. Non-GAAP operating income increased by 66% to $58.8 million or 18%, and EPS increased to $0.35 per share. The significant improvement in profitability in Q1 is due in large part to improved gross margins in our services business coupled with slower growth in operating expenses. You will note that our non-GAAP tax rate increased to 25.3% in Q1, and for the year, we are now expecting a tax rate of approximately 25%. This higher tax rate is primarily due to the fact that the R&D tax credit expired as of December 31, 2011, and has not yet been re-enacted by Congress. On the balance sheet, cash increased in Q1 to $187 million reflecting some $36 million in cash flow from operations. DSO increased to 63 days, up 1 in the first quarter from 62 days at the end of FY '11. This one-day change is reflective of a seasonal increase at the end of the calendar year, as we typically see a number of customer payments collected during the first week in January. As Jim mentioned, we announced the restructuring and realignment to be completed in our current fiscal quarter Q2. As of December 31, PTC's worldwide employment was approximately 6,100 employees. We are planning to reduce staffing by some 3%, and we'll be taking a pretax charge of approximately $20 million in our second fiscal quarter. We plan to complete this restructuring during the quarter and expect to generate approximately $5 million in related benefit per quarter beginning in Q3. The $20 million restructuring charge will be excluded from the company's non-GAAP earnings. Turning to our outlook for Q2 and FY '12. We entered 2012 facing a very uncertain global economy. We're continuing to add sales capacity to expand -- to address our expanded market opportunities. In the same time, we'll be very disciplined with our broader spending and staffing plans. While our current levels of business activity remain high, we respond to any changes in the economy and customer spending as appropriate. As you know, approximately 25% of our business is transacted in euros, and the changes in FX will impact our reported results. Our guidance for the second quarter and for FY '12 assumes $1.30 per euro. This rate compares to $1.40 in our Q1 guidance. And this change will have the effect of reducing our Q2 guidance by approximately $7 million and reduce our full year FY '12 revenue by some $25 million. In addition, this currency headwind would have the effect of reducing our EPS by some $0.05 to $0.06 per share for the fiscal year. For Q2, we expect non-revenue -- non-GAAP revenue of $305 million to $320 million and EPS of $0.32 to $0.36 per share. Despite the stronger U.S. dollar and unfavorable currency impact of $25 million on FY 2012, we are providing non-GAAP revenue guidance of $1,310,000,000, to $1,330,000,000 for the year. And based upon our lower cost structure and improving gross margins, we are raising our non-GAAP EPS guidance to $1.58 to $1.62 per share. And as Jim stated earlier, we are committed to driving our non-GAAP operating margins to 25% to 27% by 2015. Thank you for joining us, and we'll now open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Ben Rose with Battle Road Research.
Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd.: Jim, I wanted to know if you could comment on HKMC now that the first phase of the relationship has been passed here, outlook for the second phase and follow-up from there, I guess.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, sure. Well, I think you probably all saw the press release we've put out a couple weeks ago, including a nice quote from a very high level Hyundai Kia R&D executive. So the first phase of the project is in fact closed out successfully, probably one of the projects I'm most proud of in my entire career here at PTC in terms of the level of work that had to be done in the time frame in which to do it and many difficulties sort of in the environment, yet we performed very well. So there's 2 things that are happening now. One is in expansion of the users of that first phase. As you might recall, we did not get a significant software order upfront. We had one, but it was not significant. So now there will be an opportunity to add a lot of users to this Phase 1 system, and then simultaneously, we're also negotiating the Phase 2, let's say, functionality expansion. So there'll be kind of a Phase 1b, which is just more users, and then in parallel, the beginnings of negotiation of a Phase 2, which is an expansion of the functionality and then ultimately the user base of the system from there. So I think we expect to get some interesting revenue streams from HKMC. Whether that happens here in Q2 or in Q3, I'm not 100% sure, but it's in the works and that's the direction we're headed.
Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd.: Okay, great. And secondly, we've been reading quite a bit recently about some of the problems that the automotive manufacturers have had specifically relating to their electric car initiatives and some of the difficulties in terms of, I guess, the integration of embedded software and the traditional automotive components. Are you seeing any new opportunities with regard to your combined PLM and ALM solutions in any of the other major automotive OEMs?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, absolutely. I would say that we have many such campaigns underway. I'd actually say that the place where we have the most activity with the integrity ALM business is in the automotive industry, because as you mentioned, there's been such a proliferation of embedded software in an automobile. An average luxury automobile has as many lines of code in it as PTC has across all our product suite. So they're very complex software devices at this point and a lot of that's developed by suppliers, so there's a supply chain elements to it, there's a huge quality discussion, as well as systems engineering discussion, which is how to actually design a strategy for the integration of hardware and software into an operating vehicle that meets the customer requirements. So it's definitely a hot spot, and I think will continue to be the #1 market opportunity for our ALM business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Wanted to start with the 11% license growth organically in the quarter, looks like you expect it to accelerate. What is it that you expect to drive that acceleration whether it be particular vertical industry, geography or even large-deal activity?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Sterling, this is Jeff, so the first half of the year, if you take our guidance plus Q1, we're looking for organic constant currency license growth of 13% to 14% and then the back half would be upper teens, 18 to 20. So there is a plan and assumption that we step up in the back half, I think it's a combination of things. Some of the major customers that we've been working with, additional follow-on orders and pipeline that we see there. Secondly, I would say sales capacity. As you know, we've been adding significantly to the sales capacity, a lot of that is been higher in the last 6 months. It's really the back half of the year where that starts to kick in. So we're looking for probably about 5 percentage point increase in growth in the back half, primarily due to both add-on and follow-on business with our customers, installed base, the new sales capacity. And just on a vertical basis, we've seen very significant strength in industrial, particularly, auto, that Jim mentioned earlier, high-tech electronic and retail. So those would be the areas that we see as significant strength. I don't really have any additional comments on the geos, but I think, there's enough opportunity as we add capacity and we're, by the way, adding capacity in all geographies, really to address what we think is additional customer and market opportunities.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then, Jim, I know you want to save for the Analyst Day the deep dive into the 5 segments, but can you add just a little bit more clarity in terms of -- I wasn't completely sure. Are you talking about dedicated sales staff for each of those opportunities and dedicated R&D, or I didn't understand it within the matrix, what components are going to be shared across the entire company and what ones are going to be focused within each of those areas?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Let me say, today, the business units we have are quite deep. They have their full dedicated sales, full dedicated service, full dedicated R&D. That's the as-was model. Okay? And so what we're trying to do is 2 things. We're trying to make the business units thinner, so it is really more of a matrix than an operation, because we think that's going to be much more efficient. And then the second thing we're trying to do is make sure that the 2 biggest businesses we have, CAD and PLM, also have a business unit. So we're restructuring the depth of these business units and also the coverage. We're going to cover 5 of the main things, not just the small things on the edge of the business. So I think that what you're going to see is actually not a lot of dedicated sales and services. What you're going to have is business planning, profitability management. You're going to see strategy, some amount of marketing particularly the preparation of the value proposition and so forth, but I think, at the end of the day, we don't really want too much sales overlay. That's one of the things we're unwinding and creating a big efficiency advantage. I'll give you an example, if you take a customer like Caterpillar, for example, whereas, you know we've been doing a lot of this Service Lifecycle Management business. That's an account that already had a PTC rep on it because they were a CAD customer. And so now, when we bring in Service Lifecycle Management, we'd like the rep who covers that account to also cover the Service Lifecycle Management opportunity. That rep needs some expertise, but they don't really need another rep with a commission program and so forth. And so in the past, we've been giving them another sales rep. Now we have 2 sales reps working on one deal, which means there's sort of an overlap of quota. When we get the one deal, both reps are happy, but I'm not, because I have 2 reps that landed one deal. So we're trying to avoid the idea of overlaying sales reps with sales reps. We're trying to overlay sales reps with domain experts, which is a much more efficient model for us going forward.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And then last question, on the services part of the business, seems to see a nice uptick here. Looking at both the growth and the profitability, is this directly correlated with the return to growth or the acceleration of the PLM business?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, I think right now, I would characterize PLM services demand as very high. Now we've talked about services, mix and margins, and what we're trying to do is drive down the mix and drive up the margins. But I'll say, the faster we drive up the margins, the less pressure there is to drive down the mix. So I think what happened this quarter is, in order to keep up with the demand, we had partners take a lot of it, but there was still a lot that PTC needed to take, so we took that. But the good news is we took much higher margins than we would have last year. And I think, overall, our margin plan for the year we characterize is around 9%. That's almost a doubling. I think it's an 80% improvement roughly from last year. So I think there is a lot of demand for services. We're not trying to become a fast-growing services company, but as the margins on that services business go up significantly, the growth is okay for us.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: If I can add a couple comments on that. At the Investor Day, Marc Diouane who took over the services business about a year ago, will be providing, I think, a very in-depth review of the services business. I think it's really his leadership that has driven the increase in profitability today, as well as the goal we'll cite and show you how we move to 15% over the longer term. So I think it's a pitch for the come to the Investor Day, but also to really get a good understanding from Marc as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Davis with Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: So you haven't historically like called out supply chain specifically. I mean, you've kind of talked about it at a high level. So what do you guys mean by supply chain, kind of what functionality is in the unit today? What new functionality do you expect to add? And do you feel like you know the right buyers of supply chain, because depending on how you define it, it's sometimes sold to a different part of the organization?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, and those are very good questions, and I'll take a cursory level stab at them here, Richard, but again, we'll give you a lot of details on the 7th. Let's start with our retail PLM business. What we call retail PLM is something sold to the supply chain organization because the big retail companies by and large don't even have engineering departments. So we've been selling PLM to supply chain in the retail business for a long time, and it's really to plan what are we going to have in the stores, on the shelves in the fall season, and who's going to supply it to us and how do we manage such that if you have, let's say, clothing outfits coming from 7 different suppliers that they're all using the exact same fabric that we purchased and allocated to them and so forth. So it's really supply chain optimization; really, which suppliers to use, which materials to use. And then the second piece we've added to it is supply chain analytics. For example, our ability to help companies comply with this European REACH Regulation, which is essentially trying to analyze the aggregate chemistry of a product to make sure that you don't have too much bad stuff in it that could end up in a landfill polluting water supply some day. In order to do this aggregate chemistry analysis, you basically have to go chase down data from all these different suppliers on all the chemistry related to their contribution to the product. And so we have in this -- what we use to call InSight, a pretty good product suite for doing that, that's getting a lot of traction right now. So I'd say we're going to call it Supply Chain Management because that's the name of the market sector, and what we really want to be able to show our investors is the market segments we play in and what is our role and how do our growth rates compare to the market growth rates and who are the competitors and so forth. So the market segment is called Supply Chain Management. I would say our strategy is supply chain optimization during the strategic planning phase.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig with Longbow.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Let's see, just a couple ones here. First one, probably for Jeff here. Jeff, on the maintenance revenue streams, as you begin to annualize the initiative you put in place last year to adjust the sales comp model and the policies for discounting maintenance. As it analyzes, how do you think about maintenance growing from there on out?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Sure, so first of all, I think the programs that have been implemented have been terrific. As we -- just to reiterate, we are comping the sales teams on first year maintenance which has been very, very helpful. Attach rates, renewal rates and recapture rates, I think have trended and not been trended, but have been driven in a positive direction. If you look at it, I think, for the quarter, our organic maintenance number was -- growth was 9% to 10%. We think we can maintain help upper-single digits organically, and I think that's a great place to be. And again, as we drive this license revenue up, that will have a positive effect on it and the acquisitions added to it, so we'll be positive. So I think we're very comfortable with upper-single digit growth organically on a constant-currency basis.
James E. Heppelmann: One of the things, if I could add, Jeff. Steve, you probably think of PTC's maintenance renewal rates sort of being in the upper 80s, right? If you broke that into let's say Desktop and Enterprise, I'd rather break it along these segments, but for today, Desktop and Enterprise. Our Enterprise renewal rates are mid to upper 90s and the Desktop sort of mid to upper 80s. So I think when you start averaging those 2, and as more and more of our revenue shifts towards the Enterprise side, that's been happening for years, it's driving up that composite renewal rate year over year over year. And I think that will continue to add an element of growth too because we're sort of plugging the leak, if you will, to a certain degree on the renewal rate.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, great. And then for the follow-up, guys. Curious about -- usually, we see deferred revenues maybe tick up slightly in the Q1, just any commentary there. And also were there any very large deals in the quarter like anything in industrial in Europe, et cetera?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So Steve, on the deferred maintenance, we have a very strong maintenance renewal period effectively on January 1. So typically, that's about $25 million worth of deferred maintenance renewal that actually gets booked the first week of January. Last year, it was booked actually in the last day of the quarter just because of the timing of the end of the quarter time frame. So maintenance renewal number, while it was down this first quarter, is really reflective of the cutoff of 12/30 rather than 1/1, so maintenance renewals were very, very strong, and you'll see a big uptick in Q1, which is the normal expectation. The second part of your question was, can you just repeat that for me?
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Large deals.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Large deals, right. We cited 24 large deals. The average deal size ticked up a bit to $2.9 million. So as you know, those are very, very important. And we continue to expect -- I think generally, we've been in the $2.5 million -- $2.2 million to $3 million range, and we'd expect those to continue.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Maybe, Steve, to get more precise. We've, in the past, used this term megadeal to mean something more than 5. And there was, I believe, one megadeal in the quarter, and that came from a European automotive company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan with Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Jeff, you gave some color on the longer-term Pro services gross margin. Just within this year from a guidance perspective, you've obviously started break out that gross margin. What should we be thinking about on the Pro services gross margin for this year?
James E. Heppelmann: For this year, we're targeting approximately 9% and I think we're at 7.5% or so this quarter. I think it'd be appropriate to be looking at that approximately 8% to 9% for the next quarter, tracking up towards 9% as we close out the year. And I think we have a very good shot of achieving 9% for the full year as well.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. Another question that I had was answered, so maybe I could just ask about geographic trends. One of the things that's interesting in your business is obviously Pac Rim x Japan was not growing as fast as some of the more mature markets. I guess, we're all conditioned to think that Pac Rim has faster growth than Western Europe and the U.S. Can you just help us understand what's happening there and how you think about growth in those markets?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, it's Jim here. I think as I talked to other CEOs and people in other software companies, I think in general, there's been a modest slowing of growth in China in the last 12 to 18 months. I anticipate that's a phase we're going through and so forth and it will pick up again, but I don't think we're planning on a blowout year from China here. I think we're planning on a solid year.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then just housekeeping. On the $200 million of debt, Jeff, what's the thinking about repayment of that?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: For the full year, we'd expect to be at a -- pay that down by approximately $100 million in the year, so we'd expect to end the year going from $200 million down to $100 million. We will repurchase stock, and about $55 million worth of stock we'll repurchase. And I think our CapEx will be somewhere around $28 million to $30 million for the year. So those would be the uses of cash. And the good news, by the way, Ross, as you know, as we continue to drive profitability up, we drive cash flow up. So we continue to be very pleased as you saw in Q1, which is usually a breakeven cash flow or cash quarter. We generated $36 million in cash flow from operations. So I would expect we'll continue to build from here. And I think you'll all be very pleased with not only the operating profit improvement and leverage, but the cash flow.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just one high-level one. I know there's more to come at the Analyst Day and these are great steps that you're taking to improve the profitability of the business. Just in terms of managing this process of restructuring, can you give us a sense of how you're thinking about phasing through these changes which obviously could be disruptive to the existing sales structure? Any color on that would be great.
James E. Heppelmann: Well, maybe I would say, we've actually been working on this for a very long time and are mostly done with it at this point. If you think -- actually, we used to have our Analyst Day scheduled for November. And I don't remember, Tim, the time frame we switched to February, but the reason -- that was probably back in September or so. And the reason we did that is we said we're doing all these changes, and it would be great to wrap them up and then be able to take the -- take all of you through them in some amount of detail and talk about what we've done as opposed to what we're thinking about doing or something like that. So I feel like most of the turmoil -- the most tumultuous quarter we expect is the one we just wrapped up in terms of all the changes we're making, the organizational, personnel changes and so forth. So there's a little bit more work to do, and we need to settle in place here in this coming quarter, but I feel like we're in a pretty good place with most of this behind us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yun Kim with ThinkEquity.
Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Question on the expected improvement in gross margin in your fiscal year '15 plan. I know you guys will go through details in couple of weeks here, but how quickly do we have to ramp up the capacity in your top system integrator channel to effectively outflow the implementation work? Like you pointed out, that the consulting business remains your fastest growing part of your business. Is the improvement in the overall gross margin likely be more back-end loaded towards the end of the full year period? Or do you see that improvement becoming more gradual? Just trying to get a handle on how we should be monitoring the progress.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I'll get the first part, you get the second part, Jeff. On the first part, regarding the systems integrators. Yes, we are expecting to ramp that business. The business that we sort of delivered 2 system integrators, we would expect that to grow much, much faster than our own services business. And at this point, we're on target. That business is growing extremely fast. So I think, it's definitely a strategy to try to rein in our own services growth such that it's less than license growth and the mix gets incrementally better, not incrementally worse. But I think in the short term here, there's just more demand in the short term than we're able to -- than we were anticipating, let's say.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So on the question on profitability and margin. We'll introduce and we'll talk about this in February. But we're kind of looking at what we describe as a front 9, back 9 approach, which is, front 9 is basically driving efficiency from where we are today. And I think that's what Mark is doing to drive us to 9% this year. And I think there's another 1 to 2 percentage points improvement just from driving efficiency, and we have high utilization of the team today, et cetera. So that can get us a good part of the way. The backside will be much more strategic drive, which is the partner program which takes a bit of time, we'll be building that out, as well as having the solutions. And we'll talk more about this, being more complete that'll allow our partners, as well as our customers and ourselves, to implement these programs in a much shorter time frame, which would be more complete, lower overall cost, therefore, greater value to the customer and greater margins to us. So I think we can see a couple percent improvement just on operating efficiency. And then to get to 15% is really a drive about strategic value that we can deliver through the solutions.
Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: That sounds great. Hopefully, those investments will pay out in terms of lower sales and marketing costs, as well as your large system integrator picture -- pitch PLM solutions out there too. The other question...
James E. Heppelmann: Absolutely. We would anticipate and hope that, that does start to come full circle.
Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Yes. The other question that I have is visibility around large deals. I think I ask this question almost every call. Can you just share with us the level of visibility that you have around large deals? Are you starting to see a greater mix of follow-on deals? I think you mentioned Hyundai Kia deal potentially over the next couple quarters, or is your large deal business still primarily driven by customers starting new PLM initiative?
James E. Heppelmann: I would say it's a mix of both, but probably weighted in favor of follow-on deals. But that said, there's some big kind of first-time deals we're tracking right now, too, that are pretty interesting, that we historically would've characterized as dominoes. I can think of a half dozen big ones right off the top of my head here that I don't want to name necessarily, but we're chasing some big new customers. And then there's the Hyundai type, but, okay, let's go back and expand that deployment and turn it into a financially, more interesting engagement.
Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, Jeff, can you just quantify, if you can, the impact on foreign exchange on the deferred revenue balance, whether that will be -- I don't know if it actually showed up in the quarter or not, but would it actually show up more meaningfully in Q2 deferred revenue balance?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: We've considered it in our balance, and to give you the specific numbers, what I really like to do is -- I have the data, I just don't have it with me, but we've considered it in the guidance for Q2 and for the full year, but what the effect is on the balance, it's about 25% of the balance. You can do the math. We'll come back to you, but it probably has an effect of -- about $10 million would be the effect on the maintenance stream for the year. About 25% is the total FX effect. So approximately 40% of that will be maintenance, but I can give you a more precise number later in the day.
Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: But the question is, does the foreign exchange impact on the deferred revenue balance -- would that be more meaningful in Q2 deferred revenue balance or Q1, because it sounds like there's a lot of bookings that happened on January 1?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So it'll really be -- the balance that we opened the quarter with will be adjusted, and then we'll be booking all the new activity at the current rate. So the adjustment really occurs -- there's 2 questions here, really. One is what's the adjustment to the balance, the opening balance? And then that's what I gave you was the $10 million impact is kind of the full year impact of currency just on the maintenance revenue stream itself.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blair Abernethy with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Jim, I'm just wondering if we could drill in a bit more on the Caterpillar project in the sense sort of where you're at in terms of moving towards productizing service information.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I think we mentioned last quarter we received a pretty substantial order, which we are recognizing basically as we complete the project, including some software that was complete at the time of the order and some that is being completed, other elements of the project that are being completed over time here. We're probably about a year from having the project 100% complete, but throughout this time frame, there are incremental elements, including some last quarter that were released. So I think you should think that we're building out a whole new product suite based on components we had and components we're developing. And between now and a year from now, everything's done, but maybe now, 2/3 to 3/4 of it is shippable. And by the way, what we're starting to do with other customers now is start them down the same path with the components that are ready to go. So I think you should -- and we'll talk about this again on February 7. You should be thinking that we have a few more Caterpillar-like projects lined up, probably of a lesser magnitude, probably with less services because we won't need to do as much work. But there certainly is a lot of interest in that solution. I think the Service Lifecycle Management, if I could just go off on a mild tangent here, this is really going to be an interesting business for PTC, because customers are very excited by what the vision we're talking about and the impact that this could have on the service business, which in large companies tends to be a huge source of revenue and an even bigger source of profit, and they're looking at PTC as having a completely unique ability to optimize that. And the Siemens and the SAW and SCP, sort of traditional PLM competitors, aren't even relevant here, which means, now we have a way to go sell something to the accounts that would have been difficult to get into from a PLM standpoint or CAD standpoint. And I think you're going to see us in the coming year, let's say, announce some Services Lifecycle Management wins in some pretty surprising places.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just shifting gears over to the PLM side. I'm just wondering if you could comment a bit more on -- over the last 2.5, 3 years, you've put together 30 domino wins, primarily PLM. How was that -- what's sort of your level of confidence that these things are going to rollout? And does this give you a pretty high level of visibility into your services this year?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think, again, let's just go back to the Hyundai Kia data point. It's one of the largest companies in the world, it's the fourth largest and fastest growing automotive company. They selected us, and 11 months later, we turn the system on in productive use. So I think we know what we're doing now and we're getting pretty good at it. And I think this speaks to ultimately some of the margin expansion opportunities we expect to see over time, which is as we get better and better at deploying these things, we start to approximate a cloud model. Whether it's on premise or in the cloud, it doesn't matter in terms of having a system that's pretty much ready to go. And that's our ultimate goal, and I think we're making terrific progress. And I think this new organizational model will shine very bright lights on things that need to be focused on, and I'm confident we're going to continue to make a lot of progress.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, I'd like to start with a couple of product and geographic questions. On the product side, a couple of things around pricing and installed base. First, with respect to Pro/E. Over the last 3 fiscal years, it seems the ASP for Pro/E has been declining year-over-year each year, and I assume that's largely a function of geo mix and channel mix, but what's your thinking from here about the stability or potential future increases, if any, in the ASP for that part of the business, which of course, is still a considerable part of your revenue? And then, question around the Windchill installed base and whether that license number that you speak of in the active base number is equivalent to the number of users, or put another way, could you talk about the number of licenses per user? Once upon a time, PTC used to talk about Pro/E modules per seat to connote the intensity of usage per user of various Pro/E related products. And I'm wondering if you have some similar kinds of metrics around Windchill licenses per user.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, okay, let me hit the first question, which is CAD ASPs. So one of the things that's happening, Jay, is as we launched Creo, well, first, we acquired CoCreate, and then blended that together with Pro/ENGINEER into this concept called Creo. We now have a much broader product suite that appeals to many more casual users. And in fact, one of the things we'll show you on February 7 is our sales of direct modeling seats have skyrocketed. Now that's sort of a less sophisticated system typically sold to a more casual user at a lower price point. So I think I wouldn't read too much into the ASPs, because I think we're starting to blend apples into our oranges and it causes the ASPs to look different. I mean, you do a lot of analysis on this, so you'll have to figure out how to think about it. But I see it as a very good trend that we're blending in a whole new type of seat albeit this seat comes in at a lower price point, and therefore, it averages down the ASP. So I don't think the ASP of the Parametric seats is falling at all. I think we're blending in these other seats. And then if I move on to your Windchill question, the numbers that we quote there from Tony DiBona, our maintenance guy, are intended to approximate human beings, not modules. Now sometimes, we don't get all the data. They don't actually tell us how many human beings they have and so forth when they buy a certain number of seats, but we're not talking about modules. When Tony says we have, I think it's 1.25 million or so Windchill seats, he's not saying we've sold 1.25 million Windchill modules. He's saying we've sold a base seat 1.25 million times and there are many modules stacked on top of those base seats. So think of it as base seats that typically would map one-to-one to a user.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, a couple of follow-up questions. Geographically, Europe is your single largest market in terms of maintenance revenue. It did rather well in fiscal '11. And I'm wondering what you're seeing now in terms of continued momentum of the kind that you saw last year for the maintenance revenues there, and as well, large deal momentum in Europe which was a big contributor to fiscal '11. So outside of the mega auto deal that you cited, what else are you seeing in terms of large deal momentum in Europe?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, think our European guys are doing exceptionally well right now. That's the best performing geography we have in the company at the moment. And it's not just auto, it's very widespread and it's not just big deals. I think, our view of -- there's this ongoing disconnect between what you read on the front page of The Wall Street Journal and we see in our pipeline and our results. And I think that in Europe, our pipeline is strong, our win rate is strong, we're selling to global companies. This is the key thing to think about here, and Jeff said this earlier. But we're not selling to companies whose customer base is in Italy or Greece or Spain. We're selling to companies like Volkswagen and their supply chain and so on and so forth who are shipping products around the world. And they're not really indexed against what's happening to European debt crisis. They're indexed according to what's happening in the world economy more so. So I think, we feel like these European companies, particularly the German and Scandinavian ones, are doing pretty well. And we're doing a very good job expanding our market share and executing in that opportunity.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, could you talk about where you are in terms of the plan to move to annual releases of Creo and Windchill? Will Creo 2.0 go by the middle of this year, Creo 3.0 first half of next year and so forth?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, it's better to ask that question of our R&D guys, on February 7, because we'll want to put it in the context of these segments. One of the things we're going a lot with segments is it's less of a product-centric story. When we talk about Service Lifecycle Management, what we want to talk about is service information, warranty management, things like that, not Windchill, Creo, this that. So what you're going to see happen, to a certain extent, is Windchill kind of becomes a platform in the background. It's a contributor of technology, and it will still rev [ph], of course, but we'll talk a lot more about the solutions and what level of sophistication they have than the component building blocks of them going forward. But that said, yes, we've been moving to implement this annual plan, and it's more or less on track.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess, Jim, on the Desktop side, obviously, you guys have come up with some very, very nice quarters of growth. And with the 5% growth this quarter, is that a reasonable rate to think about for the balance of this fiscal year? Could it, in fact, take down maybe a little bit off of the very strong Q2 through Q4 of last year growth rates?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, we've been seeing 5% to 8%, and I think that's probably the numbers we'll continue to see here. I think, if you look at the 5% this quarter, it was pretty good number but compared against a year ago quarter where there was 36% growth, so we're 5 more than the 36% we were last year, that's a pretty good number, and I think we expect more or less that kind of trend to continue. We have a lot of runway to continue selling all the new stuff in Creo to the base. And I think we see our win rate in new opportunities and displacements going up. We're working on some really interesting CAD dominoes that we would -- never would have been possible without Creo, but now suddenly, people see something in Creo they just don't see from other people.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then a mechanic's question for Jeff on the headcount reduction. I believe it's about 180 starting this quarter. How shall we think about that spread across the expense line of the P&L?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So it's really pretty broadly distributed across. What we've done is really taken out any redundancies, really in any and all functions. So I think, we can give you more detail, but I think we've given you the model for the longer term and we're trending towards that. With probably the -- in terms of the model, the greatest efficiencies over time will be achieved in the services piece. Along with sales, I would expect the marketing, which is today will continue roughly at the rate it is. R&D, we guided to the 16%, 17% range, which is down from 19% a year or so ago. Our G&A, we'd expect to be holding roughly in the low 7% range. So I think it was -- we didn't impact, per se, any particular function necessarily more than others. It pretty much was across the board.
Operator: And we have no other questions in queue at this time.
James E. Heppelmann: Just if I could, I want to correct a minor mishap from a previous comment. Somebody asked earlier about big deals, and I said, I thought there were 2 megadeals, more than 5. I'm sorry, I said, I thought there were 1, it turns out there were 2. So just in the background here, we've...
Jeffrey D. Glidden: One in Europe and one in the U.S.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, right. A European automotive company and a U.S. electronics company.
Tim Fox: Okay. Great. So we'll wrap up. Thanks for your questions. Please see our IR section of our website for details on the Analyst Day and registration information. PTC is also going to be participating in 2 upcoming investor events in San Francisco, the first, the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference on February 14, and followed by the Morgan Stanley Technology Conference on February 28. Thanks for joining us this morning, and we look forward to speaking with you again on our Q2 call.
James E. Heppelmann: If not, earlier, at February 7. All right, thank you, all. Thanks. Thanks very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Barry F. Cohen - Executive Vice President of Strategy Jeffrey D. Glidden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Tim Fox -  James E. Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of National FIRST Executive Advisory Board
Analysts: Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd. Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to PTC's Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2011 Results Conference Call. After brief comments by management, we will go directly into the question-and-answer session. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now to like introduce Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on our Q4 results and outlook call. Before we get started, I would like to remind everybody that this call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products or anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on current assumptions of PTC's management and are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties as contained in PTC's most recent Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Also, financial measures in this presentation are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measure is located in our prepared remarks document on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com.  With us today, we have Jim Heppelmann, Jeff Glidden and Barry Cohen. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James E. Heppelmann: All right, thank you, Tim. Good morning, everybody. I'm pleased to report that Q4 was a solid quarter with strong results really across the board. Quarterly revenue was a record high for PTC, up 27% year-over-year while operating profit was up 62% from what was a relatively strong Q4 last year.  We posted solid growth across our license, maintenance and services lines of business. We delivered in the quarter a good balance of Desktop and Enterprise growth, and we believe that the improvement we've seen in our Enterprise growth rates, starting back in Q3 and continuing now into Q4 reflects the effects of our effort to ramp sales capacity as we've been discussing. We won 3 new domino accounts in Q4, and with that, we succeeded in reaching our goal of 30 for the year.  Additionally, there were a couple of substantial deals that we were pursuing in Q4 that were completed actually in Q1, so we're off to a good start here already in fiscal year '12. We posted a good overall year in FY '11 with momentum in growth rates increasing throughout the year and leading to an all-time annual record revenue level for PTC of $1.17 billion.  On the earnings front, our non-GAAP EPS growth rate of 26% topped last year's 25% EPS growth, meaning that we've now exceeded our 20% EPS growth goal for a second year in a row, and we've moved a bit further ahead of the pace required to hit our $2 per share EPS target in 2014.  There were some other important transformations that happened in FY '11 that has set us up well for FY '12 and beyond. First, the new leadership team is in place and working well together. As you know, over the last 2 years, we put in place a new CEO, a new CFO, a new EVP is heading up the sales, services, R&D and marketing organizations. In that same timeframe, we've restructured the Board of Directors and brought in 4 new members that had significant enterprise software experience and combined them with some of the previous talent that we retained from the manufacturing industry and from academia. So the new Board is functioning well, and they have a laser focus on increasing shareholder value.  In FY '11, we launched a new generation CAD offering called, Creo, and that product went on to see growth that far exceeded our expectations at the beginning of the year. While much of that growth can be attributed to a better economy and a rebound in cash spending levels, we believe that at steady state, this new technology will add 3 to 5 points to the low single-digit growth rates that we had been forecasting a few years ago prior to the advent of Creo.  In the prior lifecycle management, our PLM arena, we launched Windchill 10.0, which was really a very significant major new release of what has become our flagship offering. Windchill 10.0 is a product that customers find to be very compelling, due to both substantial improvements and ease of use in adoption as well as a lot of new capabilities, like product analytics and quality lifecycle management.  On a related note, I'm pleased to report that the Hyundai Kia implementation is going well, and we're on track to complete Phase 1 of the HKMC Enterprise PLM initiative by calendar year end. We had a big year in the retail and consumer industry, with important new wins at customers like Sears, Ralph Lauren, Esprit, Dick's Sporting Goods, Tommy Bahama and a long list of other major retailers. These customers have turned to PTC for help in optimizing product development across very distributed global supply chains.  The retail vertical continues to be very strong growth driver for PTC, and we think that the supply chain optimization solutions that we pioneered for these retail customers represent an incremental growth opportunities for PTC in the coming years as we introduce the same capability back into some of our traditional verticals like electronics, industrial, aerospace and automotive, who also have globally distributed supply chains helping with product development.  On the corporate development front in 2011, we made a sizable acquisition in MKS, which opened up an entirely new growth opportunity for PTC in helping our customers to develop the software that goes into or alongside the manufactured products. We typically refer to this type of software as embedded software. This is a hot topic amongst our customers right now due to the trends in the product development industry toward more electronics and software. And the Integrity product is recognized as the leader in this embedded segment of the application lifecycle management or ALM market. The embedded segment is clearly our focus area, and it's where some of the strongest growth in the ALM market is coming from. The integration of MKS is proceeding smoothly, and you will probably note that we had strong results from our first full quarter of Integrity sales in Q4.  So to add to that late in the year we acquired a company 4CS, which is not large, but has significant strategic value, and it helps us to continue to transform our Arbortext story from a very tactical technical publishing capability we acquired back in 2005, into what's becoming a very strategic service lifecycle management or SLM offering. SLM, which is a market segment covered by industry analysts, represents another new market segment for PTC. And significantly increases the opportunity size for our Arbortext offering.  Incidentally, the service information system implementation at Caterpillar that many of you are aware of is going very well, and we received a substantial follow-on order in Q4 to fund the next phase of this deployment.  So in summary, we continue to have strong prospects for growth in PLM; we have really upgraded our growth prospects in CAD with the introduction of Creo; we see our supply chain or SCM opportunity developing nicely; we've acquired our way into the new growth opportunity in ALM; and we've transformed Arbortext into a stronger growth opportunity by expanding into SLM.  So with all that opportunity, we feel that our long-term growth prospects are stronger than ever. So having accomplished all of that transformation I mentioned, while at the same time delivering a solid year of 26% EPS growth on the back of 16% revenue growth, I'd like to take a second to thank the new leadership team, and as well, the new Board for their hard work and dedication throughout the year. We're all pleased to be able to put FY '11 into the wind column and turn our full attention to FY '12.  Looking forward then, we're providing a relatively strong growth outlook for FY '12 that is based on our current pipeline and forecast data. At first glance, it might seem too strong. Keep in mind, however, that the 2012 guidance of mid-teens overall revenue growth on the back of 20% license growth, includes a full year revenue contribution from the MKS acquisition, plus a secondary contribution from the 4CS acquisition. We assume that organic contribution of low to mid-teens licensed growth is consistent with last year's actual. Because of the acquired revenue, and the fact that in 2012, we will have significantly more sales capacity, the overall license growth target feels more conservative than the headline number might otherwise suggest.  So overall, we're moderating our organic revenue growth aspirations somewhat in FY '12 by intentionally dialing back our services growth targets.  Obviously, as you know, we want to expand our operating margins, and it's clear to us that continuing to have services growth rates like we've experienced in FY '11 isn't really the right way to get there. So in FY '12, we plan to hold our organic services growth rate to high single digits. To do that, we'll be relying more on partners like Accenture's and others. And at the same time, were going to redouble our focus on driving solutions that fundamentally require less services.  Of course, the acquired revenue streams of MKS and 4CS will add a nonorganic contribution to our services growth. But I think that, inclusive of that contribution, we will have a services growth in the low- to mid-teens, which is roughly half the rate of fiscal year 2011, and a rate that helps drive a more profitable revenue mix.  We also plan incremental improvements in our services net margins, which we expect to be in the high-single digits in FY '12. This will provide additional support towards expanded profitability. So with the mid-teens overall revenue growth comprised of a more profitable mix than last year, our goal of 20% earnings growth feels realistic for FY '12.  So naturally, this guidance assumes a relatively stable economic environment. We're fully aware of and fully mindful of all of the concerns about the economy. We see the headlines every day, but feel that we should rely more on the forecast in pipeline information that we have at our disposal even if this data doesn't completely correlate.  We're going into FY '12 with a good head start, a plan that delivers solid growth in the year. But at the same time, we're going to keep our ear to the ground, and we've prepared contingency plans in case we see signs of the economy softening in a way that's impactful to us.  For example, while we remain full speed ahead on hiring related-to-sales capacity, we've already begun to moderate other forms of spending and hiring. So with our -- the effect of that, by the way, showed somewhat in our Q4 EPS results. So with our contingency planning, we feel that we're in a position to dial back spending and hold 20% earnings growth even on softer revenue growth than we're currently forecasting. Of course, if the economic environment were to weaken drastically, it would become increasingly difficult and then even impossible at some point, the hold that 20% earnings target. But we don't really foresee that happening at this point.  On the other hand, if the economy does not soften substantially, we could be in a position to deliver some earnings outside, based on the spending and hiring restrictions we've put in place. So when you balance those upside and downside scenarios together, it seems appropriate to stick with our middle of the guidance range of 20% earnings growth on the back of 14% to 15% revenue growth for fiscal year '12.  So finally, I want to bring to your attention an Investor Relations Day that we are planning to host in New York on February 7 of 2012. We plan to use this forum, which will follow our Q1 earnings call, to provide an update on our FY '12 deals, to discuss our market position and our opportunity in the CAD, PLM, ALM, SCM and SLM segments where we do business and to provide an updated perspective on longer-term revenue and earnings goals. Tim Fox, our Head of Investor Relations will supply you with more information about the specifics of this event as we get closer to it, but for now I simply ask you to mark the date on your calendars.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff Glidden, our Chief Financial Officer.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Thank you, Jim. I'll make a few additional comments on the quarter and then summarize our guidance for Q1 and FY 2012.  As Jim cited, total Q4 non-GAAP revenue of $341 million was up 20% -- 27% year-over-year, driven by 19% year-over-year PTC organic revenue growth, coupled with $23 million in revenue from our MKS and 4CS acquisitions.  Q4 non-GAAP operating profit increased by 62% year-over-year to $77.5 million, and EPS increased to $0.47 per share. Higher than anticipated tax rate and other expense items negatively impacted our reported Q4 EPS by approximately $0.02 per share, while our Integrity business contributed positively, adding $0.01 per share to our non-GAAP EPS in the quarter.  Clearly, our highlight of the past year has been our focus on driving higher profit margins while investing to capitalize on the long-term growth opportunity. In Q4 2011, our non-GAAP operating margin increased to 22.7%, up from 17.8% in Q4 of 2010. And for the full year FY 2011, we have expanded operating margins from 15.6% to 17.7%. This 210 basis points improvement results from increased sales and R&D productivity. While we have increased our R&D spend to $203 million in FY '11, we've also realized significant operating leverage as these new products have been delivered to market, such that our R&D expense as a percent of revenue has declined from 19% in the prior year to 17.3% in FY '11. And we've realized increased sales productivity as our sales and marketing spend has declined from 30.1% to 29.2% in the same timeframe.  On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $168 million in cash. During the quarter, we repurchased $15 million of PTC's stock; and we completed the acquisition of 4CS for $15 million; we purchased capital equipment of $10 million and paid down $50 million on our line of credit.  In addition, we've renegotiated the revolving credit agreement with our banks to extend this agreement through August of 2016 and add more favorable rates. Turning to our outlook for Q1 in FY '12, as Jim cited, we enter the year facing a very uncertain global economy. We're continuing to add sales capacity, and at the same time, we're being very disciplined with our broader spending and staffing plans.  Our key goal for FY '12 is to drive at least 1 percentage point improvement in operating margins. We expect approximately half of this gain to come from higher gross margins and the balance from leverage and operating expenses. Our longer-term goal is to drive non-GAAP operating margins to 20% to 22% by 2014.  As noted previously, approximately 25% of our business is transacted in euros and changes in FX will impact our reported results. Our guidance for the first quarter and for FY '12 assumes $1.40 U.S. dollars to the euro. This rate compares to USD $1.45 to euro in our Q3 guidance. And this change would have the effect of reducing our expected FY 2012 reported revenue by some $15 million. For Q1, we expect non-GAAP revenue of $305 million to $320 million and EPS of $0.28 to $0.32 per share. While we're off to a good start in the new year, we have broadened our guidance range for the quarter to reflect the present level of macroeconomic uncertainty. For the fiscal year 2012, we are raising our non-GAAP revenue guidance from $1,320,000,000 to a range of $1,330,000,000 to $1,340,000,000. And we expect our non-GAAP EPS to be $1.48 to $1.52 per share.  We expect our full year 2012 non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 24%. We plan to purchase approximately $50 million of PTC stock during the year. We also expect stock-based compensation to be approximately $51 million or 3.8% of revenue for 24 -- 2012, and we expect our longer-term stock-based compensation to trend towards 3% of revenue.  In summary, we are very pleased with our financial results and progress in 2011, and we're off to a very good start in FY '12.  Thank you for joining us, and we'll now open up the call to your questions.
James E. Heppelmann: Operator, questions, please?
Operator: Yes, sir. Our first question today comes from Yun Kim with ThinkEquity.
Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: You mentioned that you are directing more business to the system integrated this year. Can you just tell us how you are achieving this, and whether there will be additional investments that you have to make to ramp up the SI channel? Are you expecting Accenture to be your biggest SI partner this year? And then also, where are they in terms of the resources today, and do they have specific plan to increase their resources this year? Or is it more contingent on the amount of business that you bring to them?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Well, Yun, first of all, it's a series of questions. Hopefully, I'll capture all of them in my answer here. I think it starts a little bit with a philosophy and an attitude and a compensation program. It isn't designed to maximize the revenue. So in the past, we've had a compensation program that paid our services guys on operating margin dollars, which meant the more revenue they brought in, even if it was at margins that, maybe we don't like, the more revenue they brought in, the more compensation it could earn. So we're changing that immediately or have already changed it to really an operating margin percentage, which is -- we're saying we want more profitable revenue, not necessarily more of it but more profit in the revenue. And then we have in fact, invested quite a bit now in our partner program infrastructure that's ready to kind of help transition some of the incremental opportunity for services to our partners. We've had a partner program in the past. I think, we're just going to get much more serious about it in FY '12. That does cost some money, but that's all baked into our planning assumptions already. And then with respect to the actual partners, Accenture, I would say, is emerging as our strongest partner right now. But certainly, we have other strong partners and sometimes on a geographic basis, it might not be Accenture at all or perhaps on an industry basis. But I think we're certainly starting to get a lot of momentum and a lot of projects with Accenture. I feel like it's capturing their attention as well, and they're starting to sort of double down on their side of the investment as well.
Barry F. Cohen: I have one more point. This is Barry. Just as our service organization itself is being [indiscernible] on the partner economy until they're invested in growing that service economy, which is a very important change for us going into 2012.
Yun S. Kim - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: And then just in terms of the visibility that you have going into this year, can you give us or share with us any metric regarding the visibility that you have, especially around large deals? I think last year, you told us that you had 79 annuity customers who spent at least $2 million of revenue, representing 44% total revenue. Wondering where that particular metric is tracking for fiscal year '11 and then where do you expect that to trend this year?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Yun it's Jim. I'll take a first stab at that, and Jeff can add. One of the metrics I like is the amount of revenue we continue to get from these domino wins. And keep in mind that domino wins, by definition are competitive takeaways. There's also a series of just good, healthy in the family accounts that look exactly the same, other than being competitive takeaways. So what we're starting to see is relationships that are really very annuitous [ph] to PTC, and we're starting to build a large portfolio of them. That's really where we want to take the focus of the attention next year from dominoes to annuities, because we want to show you the whole portfolio, how many accounts are in that portfolio, and how many of those accounts are doing a lot of business with us now, year in and year out. And so that's what I like is that we're building up a steady kind of bedrock of big accounts doing a lot of business with us every year as we're on a journey of continuous improvement in the product development processes.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I would just add Yun that this -- in the prepared remarks, we cited 103 large transactions in the year. That's up from 70 a year ago, a very significant growth there representing $248 million of revenue, better than 85% of our revenue in any given year comes from our existing customer base. So that's a very -- gives us good visibility, good understanding. And I think the expansion of the sales team is giving us better coverage of those accounts, as well as penetration into new accounts. So I think the visibility in programs are improving, and we feel pretty good about that.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then one last question for Jeff. Cost of license revenue saw a big sequential bump in the quarter, what's going on there? And is this the new baseline going forward?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Our margins on license have traditionally been in the mid to upper '90s. And so we'd expect that would continue as we go forward. So I feel very comfortable with the margin and the mix as we cited before. So I'm not sure I have any specific comment on the quarter, other than to say it's always been consistently in the upper -- mid to upper '90s.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess -- MKS had a very nice quarter here, out of the gate here. And I guess one of the things that we liked about that transaction was the ability to cross and upsell. It's still early, I imagine, but is there any -- do you have any sort of anecdotal evidence that MKS brought you guys into certain deals or vice versa?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, it's Jim here, Matt. Let me say right now I think that the ability to cross and upsell is greater than we anticipated it to be. In fact, we're having to push back a little bit on some of the efforts to do so because we don't yet have the infrastructure in MKS to engage MKS in all the PTC accounts where the sales guys want to pull them in today. So it looks very promising, and I think that this acquisition over time is going to prove to be an extremely good move on PTC's part, based on sort of the anecdotal evidence we see of revenue synergy at this point.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's great. And then in terms of global results. Obviously, you guys had a very strong results -- essentially across all geographies. With the 26% constant currency growth in Europe, I mean what changed there? Was it execution on your part? Or I mean, how do you kind of account for the strength there?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Matt, this is Jeff. Europe has been a very significant market for us. And I think traditionally, it's been about 38% of revenue. For this year, it was 40%. We're very much focused in Central Europe, Northern Europe and have just a very large installed base, particularly in the industrial sector, which has been very strong for us. So I think it's been very, very good execution by the team in Europe. I think we have got a great base of customers, and we've just continued to both expand with those customers and add new customers. So I'd say probably good opportunity and good execution by our team.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, maybe just add a little color to that. I think in the Scandinavia area, we've had some incredible competitive wins in the last few years, really kind of cleaning up competitively. And that's translated into a lot of annuity accounts and a lot of revenue that we just didn't have a few years ago. And then I think if you go back to Germany, the sort of mid-sized and in larger German industrial companies, the German automotive suppliers and so forth, I mean, we've just had fantastic business with them. And I think they're doing well. We all hear about the bad economy in Europe, but I don't think the German industrial companies are doing poorly at this point.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then one last question for Jeff in terms of the license, guys. I think you guys did a good job of really differentiating the organic and inorganic license targets to get to the 20% for the full year. I think you also indicated that your guidance now assumes a pretty stable economic environment. Yet the Q1 range is pretty wide between 6% and 26%. What -- I mean, can we assume that the 6%, is that sort of things getting significantly worse? And the 26% is things getting materially better in sort of a mid point of 16% is sort of the stable economic environment?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I think that's reasonable. I think there's more upside based on activity. We were just honestly being very cautious as we were putting our notes together. The level of uncertainty we felt it was just prudent to broaden that range. Clearly, we're driving towards the -- from the mid to the upper end of that range and that's the visibility that we have. But as you know, and we can anticipate, there could be a few deals that we get to the end of December that push into January. So it's really just that caution. I think the overall activity is very, very good, and we feel very confident in the year, a little bit of caution on the Q1 numbers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Davis with Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: So the mid and high-end CAD -- a two kind of part question. But mid and high-end CAD hasn't been a growth business for about a decade, so what I'm trying to figure out is, is all that was -- with all that was needed is kind of integration of kind of 2D history-free CAD and in the Pro/E and then rebranding the product and then that created a tipping point? Or are we seeing kind of pent-up demand from underserved accounts that, frankly, were maybe used in other vendors that weren't investing as much as they should. And then if so, kind of how do you gauge -- what's the evidence that you have that this is more than just -- the burst of growth will last more than a few quarters? Because I think that's a question that people including myself are trying to noodle over.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Richard, it's Jim here. I think it's really kind of a balanced combination of those 2 factors. I think definitely there was a situation if you go back to the 2008, 2009, where our customers were questioning our commitment to the CAD business. And maybe some of them were not making investments with PTC because they weren't sure if PTC would be their vendor 5 and 10 years down the road. So I think that, plus then the bad economy of 2009, caused a certain amount of pent-up demand. And in 2010 and now especially in 2011, the economy has been much stronger in the CAD sector. And I think that our customers -- I mean it's just fun to go to customer meetings right now and talk about CAD, because they are blown away by Creo. Just -- it's just emanating vision and leadership and so forth, and so people who maybe question whether or not this company was going to be in the CAD business long term, are back to questioning whether we're going to regain leadership of the CAD business in the long term because we have a really exciting product. So I think they're going back to buying things that they maybe had tabled for a while. And then we bring in the second factor, which is we have so much new stuff to sell. So what I've been telling people is I think that the factor of the economy and the pent-up demand will play itself out at some point, and then we're going to switch to the factor, which is we've got a lot of new stuff to sell. And keep in mind we have a massive customer base here. So we have a lot of new modules and new capabilities to hold direct modeling, flexible modeling type stuff you mentioned. And we have 27,000 companies to go sell that to. And if we sell each one of those 27,000, even a little bit of this new stuff, it produces very big numbers. So I think -- I view it that the economy thing will play out and that the real factor, the Creo real factor is just getting started, and that will carry on for a number of years now.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Got it. And then a quick tactical question and then I'll bump out. On the maintenance guidance you guys have, if you kind of analyze your maintenance guide at $155 million, gets you to a full year already. And I'm unclear -- so if that's true, but if you're also signing all sort of big license deals, why wouldn't that show up in the maintenance increase, in terms of why wouldn't that number grow faster than just kind of a straight line? Or is that just being conservative?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Richard, there's a lag effect. That's the probably the #1 thing. So as we sign new deals, they beget maintenance revenue streams in subsequent quarters and subsequent years. So I think we're still very, very positive about all the metrics, both tax rates, retention rates and so forth. And I think our modeling would suggest that there's a reasonable growth that we put in there. Again, it's off a large installed base, and I'd just remind everyone that we really blew away that number this year. And so there will be a lag effect, which means in '13, we'd see another significant and attractive increase in maintenance as we close out the -- close all of the new business that we expect to -- in '12. So it will be a continuing sustainable growth revenue stream for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Rose with Battle Road Research.
Ben Z. Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd.: A couple of questions. Now that the HKMC first phase is coming to a close, Jim, could you talk a little bit about your expectations for next year as it pertains to license sales, perhaps to HKMC? And then a second question is for the supply chain optimization that you -- the product you've been selling in the retail industry, who are you encountering there in terms of competition?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Okay, those are good questions Ben. So with HKMC we are wrapping up this first phase, and it's gone as well, or quite frankly, better than I would have expected, given the complexity versus the timeframe we had to execute in. So things are in good shape there. That means there will be a second phase. I don't necessarily want to tell you what the negotiations are at the moment with HKMC, but what I will tell you is we're not going to lose money on the second phase, that this is going to be a project that's not an investment, but sort of over-reaping the rewards to the investment we made in Q1 of FY '11. So I think there'll be a significant license component to it. It will undoubtedly be a significant services component as well, but that's going to be fully funded in the transaction all in will be a pretty positive-looking transaction. On the second question about our supply chain optimization, who are we competing with, this is probably the newest sector of PLM. You wouldn't find many retail companies using PLM 5 years ago. And what happened is all of the PLM vendors sort of jumped into it at the same time. It started really with -- this kind of supply chain stuff should be done by ERP companies perhaps, but they just missed the boat completely, because it's too much churn. It's too dynamic. It's too many suppliers, too many changes, too fast. And so I think that the ERP and traditional supply chain vendors basically don't have a solution here. So PLM was sort of forced into this, forced into duty, if you will, solving this problem. And what happened is all 3 of us, PTC, Siemens and Deso [ph] jumped into this. I would say at this point, in our view, Siemens has nearly exited the business. They had a couple of wins. And the most notable, which have switched over to us at this point, and our win rate against Deso [ph] is sky high, sort of a route almost, in this particular sector. It's a little harder in other sectors, but I would say the most competitive sector PTC's in right now is supply chain. I mean the place we have the strongest competitive advantage is the supply chain sector and these big retail accounts because our win rate is approaching 100%. It's not quite there, but it's very high.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blair Abernethy with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just looking for an update on the Windchill 10.0 upgrade cycles, can you just give us some sense of where that is? And how that's being received in the base? How quickly you think that's going to disperse? And then also on your 3 domino wins this quarter, were those PLM or CAD? And just some color on whether they were, displacements are not?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, okay, on the second question, of the domino wins, all 3 of those were PLM wins. On the first question of Windchill 10.0 and adoption rates and so forth, I'd say that Windchill 10.0 is doing well. Right now, we have sort of a very large body of upgrades happening within our customer base that we're involved in, sort of like double to what we had been in the prior 6-month period. So I think what happened is -- customers upgrade on a regular basis, but in anticipation of Windchill 10.0, some people held off a little bit, and now there's a huge wave of upgrades moving through the system. So I think the feedback has really been phenomenal. One of the things we did -- and I don't mean to go technical on you here as the former CTO, but we adopted this agile or Scrum development method a couple of years ago. And in that method you involve a lot of customers in the R&D process. So in this particular case, 50 to 60 customers actually punched the code while it was under development and gave us their feedback and so forth. And so when Windchill 10.0 came out with this new user interface, it was more or less perfect. In fact, there was a customer that told me the other day, it was like Christmas, I got -- just when I looked under the tree and I got just what I wanted. So I think that was a good situation, and I think the customers are excited. And there's a big wave of upgrades, and it's starting to show as well now in the competitive work that we're doing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: I'd like to ask first a 2-part question, actually about maintenance. First, in Q4, you had an unusually large increase in Enterprise [Audio Gap] and year-over-year. And I'm wondering if you could break down the components of that in terms of the [Audio Gap] some previous quarters. Any reinstatements you may have done in Q4 or even pricing? So that's the first part. And then secondly, as the impact of annuity accounts and large deals grow, what do you think that might mean, if anything, for maintenance seasonality? The reason I ask is when you look at one of your larger peers' maintenance business, they have very pronounced seasonality in Q4 then it drops off in Q1...  [Technical Difficulty]
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Jay, we may have lost you. We can't hear.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Can you hear me now?
James E. Heppelmann: We can answer the second question. We might need you to restate the first one, just because some critical parts to your question disappeared on us. But I -- on the second question, I know what you're referring to, which is -- one of our competitors has quite a sawtooth in their maintenance. And I don't really understand that myself, Jay, because of course, for us, all of this maintenance is recognized ratably. So independent of when you land the renewal of the contract, it just all then gets spread out over a long period of time, which actually makes it very difficult to have big spikes and values. So I don't foresee us having a lot of seasonality other than sort of consistent with what we had in the past, which is minor seasonality compared to the company you're talking about. So I don't see that happening. If you look at, back in 2009, in the depths of the depression, our maintenance slowed down from sort of mid-single digits to kind of flat, and then it picked back up again. I mean, we just didn't have big spikes. This particular company you're talking about has it going up 10% and 15% -- up and down 10% and 15%, and I can't actually understand how that works myself.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, let me repeat the first question. Sorry I broke up. In Q4, you had unusually large increase in Enterprise maintenance revenues, both sequentially and year-over-year. And I'm wondering if you could break that down in terms of previous quarter's license volume flowing now into maintenance, reinstatements, pricing and anything of that kind?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. Jay, this is Jeff. So a couple of things. We've had very good metrics all year. Again, reiterating attach rates, renewal rates, et cetera. We've had programs that recapture seats as well, where people may have been off maintenance. I think all of those have been successful. The impact in Q4 is continued organic growth. We posted a year-over-year 24% growth in maintenance. 16% of that was organic; the other 8% came from the acquisition, particularly MKS. They have a large installed base, a good installed base, and so that was really the differential between -- in Q3, we were up 17% with some very small impact of MKS; organically 16% in Q4, plus MKS. The nice thing is now that rolls forward, creating a new base for us, going into 2012.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes I think that sort of another take on your question is probably the biggest reason for that spike was acquired maintenance. A secondary reason is probably some currency impact, but the fundamental strength in maintenance is constant currency organic maintenance growth. And what's really interesting is some of the policy changes we made 4 or even 5 quarters ago, produced a gift that keeps on giving. Because if we negotiated, let's say back in Q2, a renewal at much better rates or if we took a new deal at much better rates than we might have previously, because we take all that revenue ratably, it continues to have a positive impact in all the quarters going forward as well. So I think there's sort of a snowballing as well of all the positive impact of prior policy changes in the portfolio of maintenance. Let's say, customers or maintenance accounts renewing into these better terms and policies that we now have in place.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: And I think as you'll see, Jay, just adding a couple of other comments in that the Windchill seat counts have gone way up, and they've progressed all year. It's really reflective of the revenue and implementations that began well over a year ago, now flowing through as active seats and being now under maintenance. So I just think that the team has done a great job, and we'll continue to look for them to continue to drive those metrics and drive those numbers.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just 2 follow-ups, if I may. When you think about your large deal pipeline in geographic terms, what are your thoughts about the Europe for fiscal '12? The reason I ask is that the majority of the increase in large deal transactions in fiscal '11 were in Europe. You would have some increase in Asia and some -- a couple in America, but the bulk of it was in Europe, particularly in the second half. And then lastly, for Jim, what are your thoughts about your opportunities, particularly at the automotive OEM level? There would seem to be some ferment, let's say, in terms of what's going on with the larger car companies and what they're thinking about in terms of PLM infrastructure. So what are your thoughts in terms of being able to win additional business there, particularly in competition with Siemens?
James E. Heppelmann: I'll take that second question first, and then Jeff you can circle back to the first one. I do think you correctly identified that there's a wave of change threatening to happen in the automotive industry. And I think that this show stands to probably give up some share. If I had to sort of read the tea leaves, and I think you might agree with me on that. And I think that PTC and Siemens stand to gain some share. Now I'll tell you Siemens, as you know, is in a strong position. But PTC with the wins at Volvo truck and then especially the wins at Hyundai, we've certainly improved our standing in that community. And as you know, people are saying it would have been easy for Hyundai. It would have been a noncontroversial position to switch from Deso [ph] to Siemens, but instead they switched to PTC, why is that? And as you know, the Hyundai guys view themselves as leading the next wave, not following the last one. And if others see things the way Hyundai does, then we stand to pick up a lot of market share in automotive. I don't want to predict that yet. I'm certainly optimistic, but I'm really excited about the fact that I think there's going to be a lot of change going on. And in the past, with no change, there's no opportunity. And so with change, there's great opportunity. It's just a question of how much can we capture?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: And now going back to the question on large deals, clearly, Europe was a very, very strong performance to both a year in the quarter. By the way, that activity and that pipeline has continued to build and transact as we entered FY '12. So Europe is doing very well. We expect that to continue. That said, I think our largest growth in the pipeline ahead is in the U.S. with the Americas, and we had a very good year, but we've also seen very substantive growth, particularly in high tech electronics, along with industrial, particularly along -- and as Jim cited, retail is another area. But I think the pipeline growth is probably most significant as we look ahead in the North American market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig with Longbow Research.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: I just wanted to bounce -- to ask the questions other way then maybe one follow-up. I'm wondering, Jeff, can you remind us the deferred being down, looks like a seasonal pattern. What's behind that? And another question on the cash flows. Even if DSOs had been more normal this quarter, the quarter may be not quite so back-end loaded. Cash flow doesn't look like it would've been great. They're not growing -- didn't grow at the level of earnings. How should we think about this going forward and maybe what drove that?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Sure, two things. First on deferred, it's a seasonal pattern that our big renewal times are really December and January and then in the middle of the year. So if you look at our deferreds and you look at them historically, you'll see it builds at the end of the year and into Q1. That it comes down slightly in Q2, rebuilds and at the end of Q3, our fiscal year, it'll be down slightly at the end of the year, which it was. And all of that, the good news is that whole business is building nicely and gives us great cash flow. So I would say, we feel very good about that, and that pattern is very consistent, all the metrics look good. In the quarter, the cash and cash flow, basically, breakeven in cash flow. It's really reflective of a significant increase in receivables, which is good for the future. And a piece of that example, I think, we cited. 4CS was added in September. There was about $5 million worth of receivables with virtually very small amount of revenue in the period, so that added about a day to DSOs. If I look at overall at our accounts receivable, we're actually in better shape than we've been in many, many years in terms of past dues and so forth. So we feel very good, we actually had very good sub-cash collections in the first part of the quarter. So I would say I feel very good about where we are in terms of receivables. And I think we've outlooked for the year. We'll generate significant amounts of cash. We'll buy better than $50 million worth of stock. We expect to pay down about $100 million in debt over the course of the year. So I think their cash and cash flow position feels very good to me.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, I guess if you were to add back the litigation expenses last year and adjust for DSOs, you think cash flows will grow here at the level of earnings?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, they should be very close to our operating, non-GAAP operating margin, should be very, very close to cash flow. And to your point, yes clearly, last year we had a $52 million litigation settlement that occurred in the first quarter of last year. That was -- if you adjust for that -- and again DSOs, to the extent that we're typically right around 60 days adjusting for 4CS, we were at 61 days. The good news is we've got a lot receivables. The good news is that will all convert to cash.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, great. And then if I may, just a little bit on the large deals and also the services outperformance we saw in Q4, were there any $5 million to $10 million whale-type deals? Were they -- and were they skewed to services? Was there any doing services work before the licenses came in, et cetera? If you could give us some color on that large deal activity and that services outperformance, that'd be helpful.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay, so the first things on the -- we disclosed, as you know, the large deal transaction. We had 30 large deals that transacted. The average value of those was $2.8 million. That was up slightly, but in the zone from where we've traditionally been. We're usually between $2 million and $2.5 million. So we did a few additional larger deals, but nothing -- in terms of the average, we're very, very consistent. Jim did mention that we had a significant follow-on transaction with Caterpillar, so that will probably be one of the larger transactions, and we don't specifically disclose more gate bigger than that. But I'd say overall, we feel pretty good about where that mix is.
James E. Heppelmann: And maybe, Steve, to be honest, the Caterpillar transaction would qualify as a whale, but we only took a small piece of it in the quarter.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: That correct. So that's a real good point because that is an annuity stream that we'll see over the next quarters and years that will continue to return to us. On the services side, a lot of the services growth has been, as we've discussed earlier, the implementations of Windchill from transactions in sales of both 2010 and the early transactions in '11. And so most of those, we think of services as both a lagging and leading indicator. That is after we've sold the Windchill, we're in the major deployments. As those deployments get completed, as we talked, for example, HTMC, we'd expect follow-on license revenue as those are completed. So if they -- the services level of activity is high for a substantial value for our customers, and it's the leading indicator for the next wave of additional license sales.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, that's great. Now if you don't mind, I've got one follow-up for Jim that he might like to answer. I'm wondering, Jim, can you give us any commentary on uptake of Creo, particularly direct? I'm just wondering, is there a potential that this history-free modeling could see a big adoption wave over the coming years? Or are we more likely looking at something that's going to be a niche, or at least say, a complementary method to Parametric?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I'd say personally, the latter. I don't think the standalone history-free modeling is going to take over the world. In fact, the opposite has happened in the last 15 years. The Parametric modeling is taking over the world. But I think that the combination of the 2 really make a good powerful combination, either one by itself, leaves half the people frustrated because Parametric modeling, if you're a power user, it is much better. On the other hand, if you're a casual user, the direct modeling is better. And because in any given company, half the people are power users and half are casual users, what you really want is a system that can meet both needs in a fully compatible way. And that's kind of the promise of Creo. And so I think that there's a few people out there with standalone direct modelers. I just don't see them taking over the world, because they'll leave the power users very frustrated.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You talked about the leverage you're getting in the sales capacity that are -- sales area. But I'm wondering specifically, the new capacity that you brought online over the last couple of quarters, how are they ramping in particular in terms of their productivity?
James E. Heppelmann: Well, I think there's 2 sources of new capacity. One is we've unwound to a certain extent, overlay organizations within the company and taken people who were overlaying the mainstream sales force and moved them into the mainstream sales force. And these people become productive quite quickly because maybe they used to even be in the mainstream sales force. So they don't have a long learning curve, they just need a different charter. And then there's the people we're hiring. And I think the people we're hiring, by and large, haven't contributed much yet because the learning curve there is several quarters long. So I think that the hires we started to make in Q3 and Q4 are becoming meaningful now in Q1 and Q2. And that'll sort of be the trend throughout the year is that we're getting more and more benefit. We are attracting a series of primarily activity metrics to make sure that people we hired are doing something. And we're encouraging them to be setting up meetings and customer visits and all that stuff, which is an important part of the learning process. And I think just a lot of that kind of activity happening right now.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then on the European performance in the quarter, you have in the breakout -- sorry, in the supplemental remarks, the number of large deals. But what I'm curious about is, how is the performance in Europe in terms of the direct sales versus the channel in the region? Where did you get more bang for the buck this quarter?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I think, in general, Sterling, it's been our direct side. It's been the large accounts. We're very strong and active there. And -- so I would say it's really our direct sales organization that has been driving that growth. And I expect with the large scale deals we're doing and the complexity, that'll continue.
James E. Heppelmann: The channel had quite a good year though.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: And a good year, yes. I won't say it, but I'd just say the big transactions to speak specifically to that, that will be through the direct organization.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and last question. On the prepared remarks, a nice sprinkling of Arbortext through there. Just want to make sure that I walk away with the right interpretation. What's been the performance there? And what's your expectation for 2012?
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think that, one of the things that we want to do at this February event is go deeper into the market segments we're in as opposed to the product mix. Because to some extent, when we say Arbortext, like the Arbortext project at Caterpillar, it turns out it involves a whole lot of Windchill and a good dose of Creo as well. So what we're really saying is we should talk to you about our service lifecycle management offering. We should talk to you about the service lifecycle management segment, the competitors, the growth rate, the market share, et cetera. And we want to -- well, let me take you back in June at our PlanetPTC event, we sort of unveiled that framework. And I think at this February Investor event, we want to take you a lot deeper in it because, in fact, we think that the SLM solution we have right now is unique and powerful. And we think there are a lot of Caterpillar life accounts lined up behind Caterpillar. And we want to tell that story with some richness at that February investor event. But it's definitely an area where we're going to see a lot of growth. I say all that just because when we say Arbortext today, we don't -- we actually mean something much more than that company we acquired back in 2005 now. That's the richness I want to give you in February.
Operator: And our final question comes from Ross MacMillan with Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Either Jim or Jeff, you obviously made a change to called plans last year around maintenance discounting. Is there anything that you're setting up as we go into fiscal '12 on similar lines? Anything we should be thinking about that could have implications for the model?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: On the maintenance side, I think that's been a highlight this year. We talked about attach rates, renewal rates, recapture has been very good, as well as discipline on pricing. And again, that's I think been a very strong program. And I would just anticipate that, that will continue in the years ahead. And as we said earlier, that makes our maintenance business a very sustainable growth area for the business. And it's really, as we cited earlier, as we generate new license sales, that lags quarters and months behind, but builds a nice annuity stream behind it. So I'd say the maintenance side is steady as she goes, continues to see that being very successful. I think one of the changes that we've talked about in the model and for the year would be services. And just harking back to rate growth this year to implement programs, we're building up a partner ecosystem, and we do expect our portion of that to be more strategic, more high value add on many fronts. We've got a very high utilization and a talented group, and they create significant value in our customer base, but it will grow at a slower rate with higher margin. So as we look to 2012, we'd expect slower growth on services, higher margins. And just a reminder that our '11 results included the impact of the HKMC deal early in the year and that cost us about 2 percentage points on gross margin and services. So with that behind us and the programs that we just described, I think we look at services being a very significant opportunity for us this year.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. And just one related to maintenance. Last year was a somewhat different year from a normal seasonal trend in Q2. Fiscal Q2, when maintenance declined, can you think forward to that this year and help us understand how you're thinking about that fiscal Q1, Q2 transition on maintenance?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Usually, Q2 is a little bit softer, but we would expect it not to be a decline, but to be at a pretty consistent level just because of the base we have. So while it is seasonally a little bit slower, I wouldn't expect to see a decline in the second quarter, but would expect it to look similar to our Q1.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: One last one for you, Jeff. Just on the cash flow, I think it was asked earlier, just wanted to be sure I got that. So you think cash flow from operations will approximate to non-GAAP operating income in fiscal '12?
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. And again, that's going to adjust -- the adjustment would be working capital, really receivables. So depending on the timing and seasonality, it could be plus or minus the change in receivables, but that's always -- our AR is very solid, very high credit. So that's the caveat on the change. But fundamentally, we'll be generating cash at a level of non-GAAP operating profit.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And the very last one for Jim. So obviously, the service lifecycle Arbortext's piece is starting to come to fruition. I think you got through some milestones with a big customer. There were a number of other customers, I think, on a council, who were also, I guess, contributing to the spec, very interested in how this was evolving. How do you -- how fast do you think some of that might translate into new opportunity, new business for PMTC?
James E. Heppelmann: I think that we will see a nice growth rate for Arbortext here in 2012. I think it'll be one of the stronger elements in growth in the company portfolio as those other accounts come into the picture, and I think that's the run that's going to last a decade. Because we're onto something that feels pretty important here, and we have a solution that's relatively unique, not really a good competitor lined up against it. And a lot of customers in the industrial sector, in the automotive sector, anybody who's producing things that lasts a while and get serviced and maintained and warranty claims and tech support calls and so forth. They're pretty interested to talk to us. So I think it'll be a growth leader here in FY '12. And our portfolio, it's not huge yet, sort of medium-sized, but I think it will be a growth leader. And I think it will become a substantial business for us over the next decade.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay. So I think with that, we're probably out of time, and I don't want to keep everybody longer than we need to here. Jim, I don't know if you have any final comments.
James E. Heppelmann: Sure, just to wrap up. As Jim mentioned, stay tuned for some more details regarding our event in February. We also remind everyone that PTC is going to be participating in 2 upcoming investor events in New York City, the RBC Software Symposium on November 15, followed by a UBS Global Technology and Services Conference on the 16th. Again, thanks for joining us this morning, and we look forward to talking to you again on our Q1 earnings call.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay, great. We appreciate your time and your support, everybody, and look forward to seeing you again in 90 days, if not sooner. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tim Fox -  Jeffrey Glidden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of National FIRST Executive Advisory Board Barry Cohen - Executive Vice President of Strategy
Analysts: Rafael Garcia - Morningstar Inc. Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Yun Kim - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to PTC's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2011 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Tim Fox, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Fox: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on our Q3 results and outlook call.  Before we get started, I'd like to remind everybody that this call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products or anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumptions of PTC's management, are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC's most recent Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. All financial measures discussed on this call are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP and the comparable GAAP measures is located in our prepared remarks documents on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com.  With us on the call this morning, we have Jim Heppelmann, Jeff Glidden, Barry Cohen and Kristian Talvitie.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Heppelmann: All right. Thanks, Tim. So good morning, and thank you all for joining us. I'm pleased that we've been able to announce another solid quarter of business here in Q3 with total revenue growth of 20% and non-GAAP earnings growth of 52%. Those are pretty good headline numbers.  Our revenue growth was well above our guidance range, but even if you back out the MKS contribution and look at the organic component, that revenue was above our guidance range, and our non-GAAP EPS came in at the very high end of the guidance range we had given you a quarter ago.  We had a relatively balanced growth of 21% in the Desktop business and 20% in the Enterprise arena. We had very strong demand from maintenance with 17% growth and services at 27% growth. And our license growth rate improved to a very respectable 18%.  So again I think these are all very solid numbers. During the quarter, at our PlanetPTC customer event, we formerly launched the Creo product, which transformed a great story and a strong vision into a reality for us. At that event, we received some tremendous customer feedback as well as great reports coming out of the event from press and industry analysts.  So all this buzz about Creo, dating back to the October event in Boston, has translated into a lot of sales activity, which in turn has translated into a surge in expansion orders from our existing customer base and a noticeable increase in new customers captured by our reseller channel.  We continue the recent trend in this business as we posted another very strong Creo quarter with license revenue up more than 40%.  During the quarter, we also closed the MKS acquisition. MKS is a very exciting and very strategic acquisition for us and it will add to our revenue growth opportunity far into the future. With the Integrity product, MKS had become the leader in helping companies develop the embedded software that goes into manufactured products. The number of software engineers within the engineering departments of our manufacturing customers is growing at a very fast rate as products become increasingly sophisticated and increasingly filled with electronics and software control systems.  So Integrity provides a very compelling standalone sales opportunity, which gives us a great way to penetrate new accounts even when there's not a PLM or MCAD opportunity readily available to us.  At the same time, when the software development strengths of Integrity are combined with PTC's historical strength in hybrid development and PLM, now we have a very compelling and completely unique solution for customers. So we're very bullish on the Integrity opportunity. And you'll note in our guidance that we increased by a bit our expectation for the contribution of MKS in our Q4 outlook.  We shipped our blockbuster Windchill 10.0 release earlier this year. And in Q3, our Enterprise business began to show good signs suggesting that the rebound that we've been predicting to show in the back half of this year is underway.  Total Enterprise revenue was up 20% in the quarter. License revenues were up dramatically from last quarter, though flat with the tough year-over-year comparison. And the maintenance and services business continued to put up -- to pose very strong growth numbers as customers proceeded with their deployments in the ongoing use of the software.  We saw better performance from our federal aerospace and defense vertical, and we also secured 2 important new domino accounts. One of the Domino accounts is in the electronics and high-tech vertical and the second represents another major win in the retail and consumer vertical, where we have a fabulous win streak going and a lot more runway in front of us. You'll notice, of course, that we have a lot of big deal activity in Q3 and about 1/3 of this activity came from this portfolio of domino accounts. So clearly, Windchill is on track as we continue to demonstrate our ability to capture market share and then deleverage those new accounts to expand our growth opportunity.  So incidentally, last week, I was in Korea and had an opportunity to participate in the steering committee meeting with Hyundai and while the scope and the timeline of our PLM project at Hyundai suggest this project will always be a challenge, we are, in fact, executing well and the customer was pleased with our progress.  So I'm personally convinced that the main thing that's holding us back from achieving even stronger Enterprise numbers is the ceiling that we've hit with our sales capacity. But as we discussed in June, we're now addressing this issue and we're in the process of executing some fairly aggressive plans to expand our capacity starting here in Q4 and then continuing on a fairly consistent basis throughout FY'12.  So with this capacity challenge being addressed, we remain very bullish on Windchill and on Integrity and we expect, therefore, to maintain high growth rates in our Enterprise business well into the future.  So sort of moving towards a summary here. We started the year with a revenue forecast of 10% to 11% growth, which would get us from $1,100,000,000 to $1,120,000,000 and we coupled that with an earnings forecast of a $1 per share. So that was our starting plan. So now we feel that our performance through the first 3 quarters of fiscal year '11 puts us in a great position to now deliver a much more interesting plan. Now we're talking about 14% to 15% revenue growth, which would get us somewhere in the range of $1,150,000,000 to $1,160,000,000 and we're talking about an earnings per share of $1.20 to $1.24.  So while I think we started the year with a good plan, per our guidance, we're now in a good position to beat that plan by 4 to 5 percentage points in revenue growth and similarly to meet or exceed the 20% earnings growth component of that plan as well.  At our recent PlanetPTC investor event in Las Vegas, we talked a bit about our preliminary thinking about fiscal year '12. And the model we shared, which I would characterize as something well short of official guidance, which we'll give to you at the end of Q4, but that model suggested we expect to see growth rates further improve in 2012 into the midteens overall. And that with this midteens growth level, we felt that another year of 20% earnings growth was readily achievable.  So if I back all the way up to our investor event of 2009, you remember at that time we outlined a 5-year plan that suggested we could deliver a 20% earnings compound average growth rate over this 5-year window, which would get us to $1,600,000,000 in revenue and $2 a share. So now as we approach the last quarter of the second year and we begin to think more about the third year, we think we're in a great position to meet or perhaps even exceed the 2014 goals.  So while I think there's always room for continued improvement, I'm pleased with the progress we're making and how we're doing overall.  So thank you and with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff Glidden for some financial commentary.
Jeffrey Glidden: Thank you, Jim. I'll just provide a little additional color on Q3 results, and then we'll move to guidance for Q4 and full year.  As Jim cited, we're very pleased with the results in Q3 and it was a busy quarter. Q3 financial performance really reflects the leverage in our financial model as non-GAAP operating margins expanded 440 basis points to 17.6%.  Cash flow was strong. We generated $48 million in cash flow from operations or $0.40 per share. DSOs improved to 56 days, reflecting again a strong cash flow and good delivery against commitments to customers.  On the capital side, we repurchased 1.8 million shares of PTC stock for $39.9 million, and we completed the MKS acquisition, funded by cash and $250 million of borrowing from our revolver. And we ended the quarter with $261 million in cash, up $1 million from a quarter ago.  With our third quarter results, we also announced that we were reviewing a compliance issue in China involving payments by certain business partners. We have identified and investigated the potential issue as part of our ongoing compliance program. We have engaged outside legal and accounting advices to complete an investigation, and we have notified U.S. government authorities of the potential issue.  Based upon our review today, we have not identified any material impacts to our business operations or financial condition. Our review is continuing and we'll provide further updates as appropriate.  I will close with our Q4 guidance and outlook for the year. Again this assumes the foreign exchange rate of USD $1.45 to the euro. Again that's been fairly choppy, so we're cautious and always look -- watch that very, very closely.  For Q4, we expect non-GAAP revenue of $320 million to $330 million and EPS of $0.40 to $0.44 per share. This guidance reflects our decision to hire additional sales reps in Q4 as Jim cited.  For fiscal year '11, we expect non-GAAP revenue growth of 14% to 15% or $1,150,000,000 to $1,160,000,000. For FY '11, we expect non-GAAP operating margins to be between 17% to 18%, up from 15.6% in FY '10. And we expect non-GAAP EPS to be, as Jim cited, $1.20 to $1.24.  So we thank you for joining us, and we'll now open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Mr. Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: A few questions. The first, the third quarter -- your Desktop licenses were down sequentially and your Enterprise licenses were up sequentially, which was the reverse of what happened in the March quarter. And so the question is would you attribute that inverse relationship to what you've talked about in terms of sales capacity or production? Or do you think perhaps we're beginning to see the signs of some slowdown in what has been a CAD market recovery in the preceding few quarters?
James Heppelmann: Jay, this is Jim. I mean, I think it's hard for me to read too many trends in those data points because on one hand, there's a sequential story and on the other hand, there's a year-over-year story. And there's seasonality in these numbers and so forth and the numbers moved around a little bit. So I mean, I think, in general, we expect to move in a direction you're suggesting, which is strength to return to the Enterprise numbers somewhat at the expense of or perhaps, in general, a reduction in strength in the CAD numbers. As much as I'd like to keep posting quarters at 41% license growth in the CAD business, I'm a little reticent to project that. So I think that the trend is headed that way, but I can't read as much into this one data point as you might be suggesting there.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So that's fair. Could you be more specific as to the amount of sales capacity you're looking to add?
Jeffrey Glidden: Yes, Jay, this is Jeff Glidden. We ended the quarter with approximately 420 sales teams. It's our goal -- I think, we cited this at the PlanetPTC, it's our goal to add approximately 100 additional sales teams over the next year. So I think we started that hiring really already in Q4. It reflects, by the way, just our confidence in the market. I think we've got the demand, we see the demand, we probably got as strong a product position as we've ever had.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Just 2 quick last follow-ups. When we look at what is still your single largest revenue line item, Desktop maintenance, that had a pretty good sequential increase and year-over-year increase in Q3. Do you think that we're now finally beginning to see an inflection in the Pro/E active maintenance numbers that might carry into fiscal '12? Is that customer signing on to maintenance to get access to Creo? Or perhaps you could talk to us through some of that maintenance trend.
James Heppelmann: Well, you can help me here, Jeff. But generally, the trend in maintenance tends to follow about a year behind the trend in license. So one of the things I'm excited about is it's pretty clear that we should have a strong Desktop maintenance year in fiscal '12 following on the backs a surprisingly strong license year here in fiscal '11. So I think that you're probably right. We're at that inflection point where the maintenance is now starting to reflect the license trend that began several quarters prior. And I think, we'll be able to continue now a positive maintenance trend in the Desktop business for some time.
Jeffrey Glidden: Jay, I would just add, I think, the teams have done just a great job on renewing maintenance, picking up back maintenance. They've been very strong on the programs. I think the customers really recognize the value. And I think we've been, I'll just say, extremely pleased with the performance. We say it's sustainable and just so we don't miss it, we broke the 1 million seat mark in Windchill this quarter as well. So I think all signs are very strong on the maintenance business.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And sorry, just lastly, one of the things that was left -- I'm still a little unclear coming out of the event in Las Vegas last month was how the Creo pricing or customer spending by existing customers would map from, what they already had or what came before in the customers deployment to what has been delivered now or will be delivered. It's basically a question about how much run rate or incremental run rate you might get from existing customers as you roll out Creo?
James Heppelmann: Well, I think, probably the bulk of the Creo upside has come from the base. Although, part of that is the former CoCreate base tending to buy the Pro/E product and part of it is the former Pro/E base tending to buy the CoCreate-type capabilities. So a lot of it is cross-sell and some of that, of course, started even in advance of the Creo 1.0 release. But I would tell you, I was speaking yesterday with our reseller channel head, Bob Kocis, and new account production in the reseller channel is at multiyear highs right now. And that's mostly new accounts adopting the Creo product. I think it's sort of in the mid-20s growth rate right now in terms of new account production, which is great. It's fantastic trend. Now those are small accounts and they don't necessarily move the needle that much in the short term on the financials. But over time, they become pretty important to us. So I think that we're definitely seeing a significant measurable uptick in new account production but the bulk of the upside revenue we've had probably comes from the existing base.
Operator: Next question, Yun Kim from Gleacher & Company.
Yun Kim - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Jim and Jeff, can you help me reconcile why the number of 7-figure deals are up so much from last year, yet the PLM license business was flat? Does that mean all the incremental 7-figure deals are mainly CAD driven? Or is the PLM deal size trending lower from last year? If you can help me what trends you are seeing around 7-figure PLM deals, I think that will be very helpful.
Jeffrey Glidden: Yes. Just a few comments. I think, first, let's not lose sight of the large deals or the activity is terrific. Pipeline is building and as I think Jim said looking at trends in the short, though, is somewhat helpful. But I think what we said at the midyear was we felt that PLM business was strong, the pipeline was good and just the large-deal activity has been good. So I would expect and say that we've seen good activity with both Creo and with Windchill. And I think that the trends, as Jim described, is we would expect more PLM large deals as well as Creo deals as we go forward. So I'm not sure I have any more specific comments than that.
James Heppelmann: Maybe I could just clarify something, Yun. So there were 27 large deals in the quarter, and I said about 1/3 of them came from the domino accounts. That does not mean that 2/3 were CAD business because -- maybe another 1/3 came from installed base accounts that weren't domino accounts, but were purchasing Enterprise software. So Windchill was well represented in the big deals. CAD also did well particularly because we used to not have any big CAD deals. So I'd say that the CAD number was up significantly, but the Windchill number was also up significantly, both in terms of deal count and overall revenue. So the big deals are going well. I think part of what happens is when you don't have enough capacity, people tend to congregate around the bigger deals and maybe what we need to do is put more capacity in below those people and make sure that we're pursuing enough base business as well. But I think we're doing well in the big deals.
Barry Cohen: The other thing about those large deals -- Barry here, it's 27 deals, they also represent license and service. So it's just not $1 million plus license deals and improved service and most of that service revenue that's in those big deals are Enterprise PLM accounts there, installing and adopting the Windchill technology.
Yun Kim - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Got it. And then you guys mentioned in your prepared remarks that services margin is being impacted by the Hyundai-Kia engagement. Is there any visibility to when this impact on services margin will end? And is there any way to quantify how much the impact was in the quarter?
James Heppelmann: Well, I'd say that this is the previously announced. That's not new news on Hyundai. This is sort of back to Q1, the sort of loss contract we discussed at that point. And the fact that by taking the loss upfront, it made the rest of the project breakeven, and breakeven does not produce good service margins, okay? So this is not a new phenomenon. This is just a continuation of that phenomenon. Part of what I think we were trying to say there is if we could back that out, the rest of the services margins actually look better than they appear. I think that's the point we were trying to make.
Yun Kim - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: How long do you expect that disengagement to go on?
James Heppelmann: The project run through the calendar year. And then we'll negotiate a next phase, and I'm confident that the next phase will be on more favorable economic terms.
Yun Kim - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: And then Jeff, what is your plan regarding the credit line you tapped into? How soon you plan to pay back without impact to your share repurchase plan?
Jeffrey Glidden: I think, as you saw, we did both this quarter. We continued to stock repurchase plan. We'd expect to complete the $55 million as we planned for the year so that's another $15 million in the fourth quarter. We'll continue on that and I think we shared when we did the MKS deal that we'd expect to pay that line off at a pretty good clip, probably -- certainly within the next, say, 8 to 12 quarters. And it will really give us a lot of flexibility. So I think we're in good shape. As you saw, we generated significant cash again in the quarter and I think we'll expect to be paid probably between $40 million and $50 million of that back just in Q4 alone.
Operator: Blair Abernathy from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just wanted to get a little more on the PLM domino backlog. In particular, as you've been winning these large mandates in the last 2 years, trying to get a sense of what your expectations are now around the license and consulting services mix from these large wins, and how far out into the future? How big is that backlog looking?
James Heppelmann: Well, I think our services business, they're looking at 4 to 6 quarters of visibility into their backlog. So as we sit here today, we're pretty comfortable, we know with relatively close precision what the FY '12 services number is already. But I think more importantly, it's not our strategy to grow the service businesses as fast as we can. What we have right now is an effort underway to try to build out a partner ecosystem to which we could give more and more of these services. But the truth is, the demand right now exceeds the ability of PTC and our partners to sort of keep up with. So I think we're in an area of strong demand, but a strategy that says -- increasingly shift some of that services demand to partners, and we're just sort of trying to bridge our way to that future state.
Jeffrey Glidden: And just 2 other comments, just to make sure we're clear. We have backlogs or orders on hand for services. We also have a significant pipeline of new opportunities or extensions to current opportunities in the PLM space. And with many of the larger accounts, we'll have and work with them very directly on 3-year product roadmaps. Those may not committed orders at this time, but they're really a pipeline of activity that we feel pretty good about.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. That's helpful. And just another question on the large deals in the quarter. Can you just give us a sense of the vertical performance? What seemed to be working better for you in Q3 and also was there any contribution in large deals from MKS?
James Heppelmann: The second part of that question is no, not in the partial quarter that we had.
Jeffrey Glidden: Yes. Recognize MKS was really only 1 month with the month of June. So MKS was not a particular contributor to the large deals. I think Jim cited verticals in terms of we saw a return of activity in aerospace and defense. Again we're cautious long term on the government business, but at the same time, we've seen good performance there. Industrial was good. We cited retail and consumer as a large domino win along with some of the high-tech businesses. And again relatively newer vertical for us is medical devices, and that is a good market and has good outlook as well.
James Heppelmann: Yes. And I think automotive, Hyundai and some of the other OEMs and the big suppliers as well. So I think it was actually -- the truth is it was a pretty good balance. It was not concentrated in one area as we think about it there.
Operator: Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I just wanted to go back and revisit the PLM business. So can you talk with us a little bit maybe about the pipeline and the aging of some of the deals that are in there? Meaning, is the pipeline continuing to grow? Have you restruct it? And is the demand side from the customer perspective growing and it's purely a capacity issue like it was last quarter? Or is there a lengthening of sales cycles and decisions on the customer side?
James Heppelmann: I don't think there's a lengthening of decisions, I think that the pipeline is pretty strong. We've been here at a sales management meeting for 2 days, looking at the pipeline for Q4, for Q1 of next year and really for the balance of the year. And I think the pipeline looks pretty good. It's just a question of where does sales guys spend his time? And when the customer says -- calls up and says, hey, I heard about this Creo thing, can you come tell me about it. And then that turns into more activity, which pretty soon turns into a purchase order discussion, then that sales rep gets a little distracted from what he normally would have been doing, which is pushing the ball forward on the Windchill side. So I think what we need is we need more capacity so that we can have both of those conversations, not one or the other. And that probably means we need reps to have fewer accounts and more time per account to carry on multiple conversations. So I think that's why we think it's a capacity issue, not a demand issue. Nobody at PTC or sort of in our whole ecosystem here really envision that we were going to have the kind of Creo year that we had this year. It's surpassed everybody's expectations, management included here. And it came a bit at the expense of our ability to spend as many cycles on the Windchill business as we would have projected to do at the beginning of the year.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Listening to your comments, it sounds like you believe that, obviously, it's not a sustainable growth rate. It'd be great if it was, but it's probably not. So as that starts to moderate or trend back towards what it looks like a industry average growth, are you concerned that we might hit a blip or a pause as we turn our attention back to PLM, but to re-jump those conversations or those focus, it may not be an instantaneous thing and could you get some disruption as they shift the attention back from the CAD buyer to the PLM buyer?
James Heppelmann: What I think you have is 2 overlaying factors going on simultaneous here. On one, you have an improving economy. Our customers are hiring engineers. They're expanding their deployment of CAD technology and so forth. So there's an economic factor. And then separate from that, there's an exciting new product factor. And these things are overlaying each other and sometimes it's hard to assign a certain weighting to each of these separate factors. I definitely think the economic factor will run its course. But we'll be left with the new product factor, which I think is also interesting. So I would anticipate and I've said this previously that we will revert to a growth rate that is noticeably superior to the growth rate we would have had, had we not had this new product. So maybe we would have thought this business was a 3% to 5% grower, I think post Creo, we think this business is 5% to 8% grower, sort of on a go-forward basis, after the economy factor runs its course.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Last question, I'll jump back into the queue. Is there a sense that you can give us when should we look for a re-acceleration in PLM just on the fact that you have been hiring new sales capacity and it takes time for them to ramp up. Is there any sense when you expect to get enough productivity now that new sales capacity that it moves the needle, we start to see the pickup at PLM?
James Heppelmann: Well, I think, first of all, if we talk about PLM, in general, we did have a 20% growth quarter in our Enterprise business, so I don't...
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Well, let me be more specific. I think there's a lot of us that are just looking at the license number. I think we're all very impressed with the service and the maintenance and hoping the service is also a leading indicator. But I think we want to see the license growth return to it because it seems like that had been the engine of growth for the company for a number of years.
James Heppelmann: Listen, that's fair. I was just trying to remind everybody the big picture, the business is growing nicely. But you're right, we need to focus on the license. I think in Q4 here we'll be disappointed if we don't post a positive year-over-year license growth number in Q4. And then I think we would be disappointed if we didn't, throughout next year, continue to post increasingly positive year-over-year license growth numbers. So I think we feel like this snuck up on us a little bit. It takes a quarter or 2 to react to it, both to kind of remind people to focus on the right things and they add in more capacity so that they don't have to make so many trade-offs and so forth. But I think in Q4, we would expect to give everybody numbers you're happier with and then that trend would continue.
Operator: Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: In your prepared remarks, you talked about an SMB business that continues to show sign of improvement. I guess, I'm wondering could you give us a little more granularity to there? Obviously, license on both sides of the business had a good quarter. And then I guess, how sustainable is that as we look into next year?
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, if you look at that 4-box, we had 14% growth in SMB CAD on the back of 22% license growth. And we had 10% growth in SMB PLM on the backs of 33% license growth. So I think both of those businesses are doing well right now. The way the SMB business typically works is we win the CAD business first, we grow that footprint for a while and then we bring in the PLM component. So I think this is a place where PLM almost always follows CAD. So I think that the introduction of new oxygen, new accounts into this SMB space is very important. I think there was a period of time where that was difficult to do because our CAD product maybe was viewed as old and tired. Right now our CAD product is viewed as the most exciting thing in the industry and people want to talk to us. They're pulling again which is something that we haven't had for a while. So I think that, that trend in the CAD business is very sustainable. It actually -- it took longer for to SMB business to react to the improving economic situations. But I think that now we're in a pretty good spot there, and I think we'll continue to see some good numbers coming out of our reseller channel going forward.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: That's great. And then I guess from a geographic perspective, obviously, North America continued to lead the way with very strong growth where sort of the rest of the world was sort of mid, sort of upper single-digit growth. Can you kind of comment, I guess, more specifically on what you saw in Europe? Was there any disruption in Europe? Or is it sort of continued slower sort of international recovery?
Jeffrey Glidden: This is Jeff. On the one hand, I would say, we're cautious on the economic outlook in Europe, particularly, but we've got very good activity. Now we are getting some boost from currency and so that has helped the reported numbers and I think when you take currency out, we still -- we had modest growth. That said, I think the activity in Europe and the strength of our European business and team is very, very good. And so I would say we're cautious, but I think we would look to the next and subsequent quarters. Notwithstanding some major disruptions in Europe, we have a very, very solid pipeline of activity and would expect to post good results for Europe in the next quarter.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: That's great. And then one last question. You've had MKS under your belt now for about 2 months now. Obviously, you took your Q4 expectations up by about $5 million. Kind of reflecting back over the past couple of months, is there anything that you've been surprised with to the good side thus far?
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, I think the diligence period was a little strange for us because it was a public-to-public deal involving a Canadian public company. And so normally, we get much more intimate during the pre-close period than we were allowed to here. So I think that what we've found is that the cultural fit is very positive. These guys come to our meetings and you can't hardly tell who's who anymore. They already fit right in and think the same way. The sort of technological concepts inside their products are pretty much aligned with the same ones we have. We always talk about this concept of an integral architecture, and it's not just coincidence that their product is named Integrity because they talk about an integral architecture as well. So I think there's some very good cultural alignment, very good strategic alignment. So I would say that thus far -- and we're early here, but thus far a significant integration, post-merger integration project, is doing better than we might dare hope it would.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And I guess, with taking the Q4 expectations up a little bit, how -- the $75 million for next year or north of $75 million is pretty consistent from your analyst day. I mean, ultimately, I guess, how conservative could that be versus sort of what you've seen here and sort of the integration thus far and just kind of getting a sense for sort of your comfort level around that number next year?
Jeffrey Glidden: I would reiterate Jim's comments. We're very pleased to date, we've got a good pipeline of activity but that said, it's only 2 months into it. So I think we're very comfortable with the $75 million and we would, I think generally say, we think there's upside to that because of the market opportunity. But I think it's early, too early for us to give you much more than that, but...
James Heppelmann: Yes. Certainly, our early findings would suggest that, that $75 million number is not a stretch number. That's a good conservative number that we ought to be able to beat and as Jeff said, possibility.
Operator: Richard Davis from Canaccord.
Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity: So you're winning these domino accounts and then you're exploiting from them. So the 2 questions I have kind of tie into one another. It sounds like your experience sounds promising at this point to kind of exploit from these beachheads. Are those wins coming against firms like the FSO [ph] and UGS? And then secondly -- because really what I'm trying to do is grapple with if I think about your history, you're a big direct sales company in the '90s and you kind of went channel in the 2000s and now you're kind of going back to direct sales because the deal size have gotten big again. So I'm just trying to modulate around that. It sounds to me like you're very confident you can exploit from there, but you have some examples and case studies that tell you that it's safe to dip in the water and add 25% to your sales capacity?
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, on the first part of your question, the number one and two contributors to the domino program would be the SAW and Siemens and they're probably about tied. And number three would be SAP. There's a number of domino situations where there are customers who tried SAP PLM and essentially came to the conclusion that wasn't the right solution. So I think 2 years ago already, Richard, I remember we gave you a model that we call the domino monetization model. And it sort of predicted how we thought revenue streams would materialize after a domino win. And I think that model has proven to be remarkably accurate. And it's just a model. But basically, we said we'd get a little upfront project, mostly services. We execute on that. That turns into a most significant license order. And then service and then the maintenance starts to become more meaningful, and we execute on that. And there's another phase of expansion and so forth. And I think if you look at it, I said about 1/3 of the 27 dominoes -- about 1/3 of the 27 large accounts -- large deals, excuse me, were coming from the domino accounts. Well, there were only 2 new domino accounts in the quarter. So even if they gave us significant transactions, that meant that a number of the pre-existing dominoes also gave us significant new transactions. So I think that, that model has proven very accurate, and we do feel like more sales reps would give us the ability to pursue more domino accounts. These things take time and energy and so forth and when you start -- if you're a sales guy and you're in a situation where you have more opportunity than you have time to pursue, then you tend to congregate your resources and your energy -- concentrate your resources and energy around the big deals that are most sure. And I think what we need to do by adding more capacity is you push people a little bit outside of their comfort zone and make them go out and develop more new business, start new campaigns, develop new customers, et cetera. And I'm pretty confident we'll be able to do that.
Operator: Steve Koenig from Longbow Research.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: I'd like to come to an issue that investors have talked about a while ago. I don't know that we've talked about it much recently. But could you all update us on the progress on profitability of your Enterprise segment?
Jeffrey Glidden: Okay, Steve, good question. And we don't specifically break out profitability on Enterprise and Desktop. I think you know that the margin -- really the mix of products are what makes a huge impact there with license and maintenance driving very significant 90% margins with services having lower margins. So we actually look at that -- those trends over time. We also look at it within an account. And I think as Jim has described, you'll sell licenses, you'll follow that with services and over time, the profitability of these accounts will actually build as you build that maintenance base in the same way the PLM business will build. What we're seeing this year is a lot of services revenue, particularly in the Enterprises space, driven by all the license sales of last year. So right now you'd look at it and say, we deal with a lot of services mix. We think as those implementations are completed, we'll sell more license, we'll sell more maintenance and the profitability of those accounts will then again expand in the margin. So I think the patterns that we've seen have been very consistent. I think what we're looking at this year is really the phenomena of a lot of systems that were sold last year we've installed. And again I think as we look at it, we feel pretty good about the growth and the profit expansion from the business as well as in the Enterprise.
James Heppelmann: Yes. I don't know, Jeff, maybe there's some rule of thumb we could think of. I'm looking through the numbers here to back it up. But probably, if license plus maintenance is greater than service, then the business is profitable.
Jeffrey Glidden: Margins would be favorable.
James Heppelmann: And the more so that mix moves in the direction of license plus maintenance, the more profitable the business is.
Jeffrey Glidden: Correct. And let me just add a point, the Windchill 10.0, one of the goals of that was be able to implement these systems more out-of-the-box at a more rapid pace. And to the extent that as we start and will be implementing Windchill 10.0, that should allow our customers to implement faster with a lower service component over time and obviously therefore, generating additional revenue stream on the product side as well as on the maintenance side.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Great. That's helpful. If I may ask one follow-up. I'd like to dig into, for a second, the implications of your large deals strength. Is part of that -- I understand reps are congregating around larger deals when there's lots of opportunity. Is part of it though, as well, possibly due to a business policy shift and focus causing maybe some shift away from modules and upgrades. And if that's so then what are the implications for best exploiting the Creo cross-sell opportunity, which I would think that maintenance renewals could represent a good time to sell Creo into the Pro/E base, for example.
James Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, it gets a little tricky here because I think the underlying phenomena is different in the Enterprise business versus the Desktop business. The Enterprise business is not really a modules-and-upgrades business. It's really more of a new seat business. And sometimes an expansion of the footprint does come into effect. But on the other hand, the CAD business, the Desktop business is very much a modules-and-upgrade business. So the modules-and-upgrade opportunity with Creo has basically yet to start because that was something we couldn't sell until those products were released and we just released them, of course, in June. So I think that there definitely is an opportunity around the maintenance renewal or even separate from one to go do a Creo deal to sort of upgrade the seat configuration to contain new modules and so forth. And perhaps to add some new seats direct to the parametric base and so forth. So I think that's very interesting, but I think on the Windchill side, it's a different phenomenon. Most of our significant windchill orders come from new wins and then expansions of those wins into more seats, more departments, more geographies what have you.
Operator: Ross MacMillan from Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And I apologize if this has been asked already. I got on to the call a little late this morning. But I just wanted to step back and talk about license. We started the year at 20% to 25% growth. We're now down to 15%. You manage to do that while keeping EPS guidance the same really, so I guess that's due to the strength in maintenance, in particular, which is great. But I guess I have 2 questions on license. The first is that last quarter when you took down the range for the first time, you still, Jim, I think said that you thought the original plan was possible. So now with this further revision, that seems a bit less likely. And I guess, I'm curious as to kind of what changed? And the second question is related to this, is there anything we should take away with regard to pipeline build and/or managing, if you will, like the transition from 4Q to 1Q and maybe managing kind of that pipeline and that transition from a big fourth quarter until first quarter? In other words, are you building more of that pipeline and visibility by making these changes to the license growth rate for this year?
James Heppelmann: I'll let you hit the second question there, Jeff. Just on the first question, I think, part of the problem with the license growth this year is that we probably didn't have enough capacity in place, if we're honest with ourselves, with the benefit of hindsight here, to deliver on the 20-plus license growth. But I think the second thing is we got off to a slow start, but we did 15% in Q2. We just did 18% in Q3 and I think if you look at our guidance range for Q4, it's sort of in the 15% to 20%, let's call it 18% again. So I think in the back half of the year, we are going to deliver sort of 18% license growth, which is comfortably in the middle of the range of 15% to 20%. So I feel like maybe we were a little too bullish particularly as it relates to capacity to underlie that bullishness. But I think that we're in a pretty good place and if we can inject a little bit more capacity and catch-up, then we ought to be able to sustain license growth in sort of 15% to 20% range for some time going forward.
Jeffrey Glidden: And relative to the Q4, Q1 transition, I mean, we always have Q4 as seasonally our strongest quarter. It's driven heavily obviously by the sales compensation and so forth by direct reps. So I think we'll continue to see pipeline build and obviously adding sales capacity will help that. I'll just give you one other flavor for Q1 is that's also a strong quarter for us in terms of the channel because that fiscal year ends and generally ends in December. So we have a little bit of a -- I'll call it a buoyancy that occurs in the first quarter, which is the fourth calendar quarter, which will help us in Q1. And we'll just have to watch this build on both capacity and on pipeline and will keep you apprised as we see changes or hopefully, positive inflection points. That's what we're looking for.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: That's great. And maybe one quick follow-up. Just on the Arbortext, any update there in terms of timing? Any color around when we should start to view that as a more meaningful revenue contributor?
James Heppelmann: Yes, I think there's some significant deals in the pipeline here even for Q4. Part of the Arbortext story -- and I think we told you this probably at the investor event, is that we have some significant new capabilities coming to transform this story from a technical publishing story into more of a next-generation service information system story. For example, the type that Caterpillar has talked about with you guys in the past. So some of the new product capabilities that help that transition or transformation take place are coming this quarter. And so I think you're going to see us have some pretty interesting transactions around the Arbortext businesses this quarter. And then having to spend a couple days here with sales management, I'd say that the longer-term pipeline, the FY '12 pipeline, suggest that Arbortext will grow after than Windshield or Creo next year. So I think that, that will be sort of a situation Arbortext has extremely strong growth. Enterprise being a much bigger business, of course. We'll have impressive growth and then we would expect Creo to sort of return to a more sustainable levels at that point.
Operator: We have time for 2 more questions. Rafael Garcia with Morningstar.
Rafael Garcia - Morningstar Inc.: You guys have been experiencing solid growth in the PLM segment over the last few years. However, it looks like Autodesk is finally ready to make a more decisive move into the PLM space. So my question is, how are you guys positioning the company to advance your PLM market share in the SMB and Enterprise segments?
James Heppelmann: Well, it's hard to say because we need to see a little bit what Autodesk really does here. I mean, Autodesk is starting to talk about PLM, but I will actually point out this will be their fourth run at a PLM strategy. So they're 0 for 3 and maybe the fourth one will be a big success. I don't know. But I do know this, PLM is something that isn't just about products. When we sell PLM, we help companies transform their business processes and that's one of the reasons there's a lot of services involved. And Autodesk has a channel and a distribution mechanism that does not align with that idea at all. So Autodesk is good at moving products. They're not good at helping companies transform business processes. And I'm not sure they know that yet. I'm not sure they know that, that's required yet. So I think that Autodesk might put some PLM in the cloud and I'm not sure that's going to matter if their resellers aren't able to sit down and work through process transformation and financial product value propositions associated with changing the way you develop products from an as is to a to be model and so forth. I just don't think that -- for sure in the Enterprise space, Autodesk is not even going to be able to engage in an intelligent conversation. And I think in the SMB space, their resellers are just one step different than a store shelf, basically. So I think it's going to be difficult for them. I think we have one more question.
Operator: Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: A couple of follow-ups. Jim, I'd like to ask about the active base data that you've put into your prepared remarks, and it's very interesting to watch those trends. First, I know it's been average but your Windchill base is roughly 7x as large as your active CAD base. And I'm wondering if that's a number that you think about or manage in some way or what do you think it means that, that number is so much larger than the CAD base, which has been growing only very slowly, at least recently. And secondly, do you see some opportunity for perhaps increasing the revenues for license in the PLM base? Right now you're probably getting maybe 1/10 as much per seat in PLM under maintenance as for [indiscernible] average Pro/E seat. Do you see the possibility for increasing the former for Windchill maintenance?
James Heppelmann: Well, you think, Jay, for many years, we said that we felt the seat opportunity in a given account for Windchill was 10x to 20x the seat opportunity in that same account for CAD. And so we're headed there. As you mentioned, we're at sort of a 7x ratio right now. But that said, we're selling windchill to a lot of accounts that never bought any CAD, so you can't just take our CAD based on 7 and say that's the opportunity because when you think of some of these big retail accounts, the targets, for example, they don't have any Creo and we're selling them many, many Windchill seats and we've had a terrific run of those type of accounts. And then on the other hand, we're selling a lot of Windchill to accounts that use somebody else's CAD tools, use CATIA or UG NX [ph] or what have you -- SolidWorks. So I think that we feel like this ratio will continue to develop in the direction you said. Now I think there's also an opportunity to increase the CAD seats in this cross-sell of direct to Parametric and Parametric to direct technologies should as well help with the cross-sell and could drive up the number of CAD seats, thereby further increasing the number of Windchill seats. So I think from a seat count standpoint, we expect this trend to continue indefinitely. The second part of your question, I think, was really about the ASP, the average seat price. I think that there is 2 competing trends there. On one end, as the footprint of Windchill gets bigger and deeper and we do have more modules that we can pile into an existing seat and then the price of that seat and that user goes up. But on the other hand, we keep holding in more and more casual users as we expand to that bigger ratio. As you go from 7 to 1, to 10 to 1, to 20 to 1, you're involving more and more casual users, who would expect to pay much less per seat than sort of the more concentrated users that preceded them. So I think these 2 factors balance each other out, and I can't really predict that the average maintenance per seat will go up. I think the 2 factors might kind of counterbalance each other, and we would see about the same trend, if I had to guess.
Tim Fox: That concludes the call. Thank you for joining us. Speak to you next quarter.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey Glidden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James Heppelmann - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of National FIRST Executive Advisory Board Barry Cohen - Executive Vice President of Strategy Kristian Talvitie - 
Analysts: Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Yun Kim - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Ben Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to PTC's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2011 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Kristian Talvitie, PTC's Senior Vice President of Financial Planning and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristian Talvitie: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us on our Q2 results and outlook call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everybody that this call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products or anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumption of PTC's management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and result to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties are contained in PTC's most recent Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. All financial measures in this presentation are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measures is located on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com. With us today on the call is Jim Heppelmann, Jeff Glidden and Barry Cohen. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Heppelmann: Thanks, Kristian. Good morning, and thanks for joining us, everybody. Let me start by saying that, I think, all in all, Q2 was a very strong quarter. I won't tell you it was a perfect quarter, but I will say that I'm very excited about the underlying strength of our business that was demonstrated. While we posted a quarter that was ahead of our plan and at the top of our guidance range, we can still see some relatively obvious ways we can make the business even stronger going forward. We feel there's room for improvement, and with that, the potential of even stronger performance in the future.  Let me start by reminding you that since 2009, I've been saying that the primary measure of our success is our ability to deliver on this 20% earnings growth per year through 2014. So against that draw, Q2 represents another good quarter under our belt. And with very strong performance from our maintenance business and with surging demand for our Creo CAD solutions, we're confident that we'll deliver the 20% to 25% earnings growth that we've been guiding till here in fiscal 2011. So factoring in the 25% earnings growth that we had last year, finishing 2011 in this guidance range would put us well ahead of the required pace at the 40% mark of that 5-year plan, with strong momentum going forward.  I talked to you a number of times about how our 20% earnings growth plan is rooted in 4 factors, being growth, leadership, efficiency and predictability. So I'd like to reflect back on Q2 and actually the first half of fiscal 2011 from the perspective of that framework.  In the area of growth, we said we'd like to increase our organic growth rates into the low teens and drive toward a 13% growth CAGR over the timeframe of this 5-year plan. We remain confident that we have strong growth prospects with our Windchill PLM and our Arbortext SIS, or Service Information System business, and similarly with our license revenue. But to get to the low teens overall, we said we needed to increase the growth rates of CAD and the growth rates of our Maintenance business, both of which have been growth laggard in recent years.  So over the past 2 years, we put in place a number of initiatives to drive growth in these areas, including our Creo strategy for CAD, and a series of new business policies and operational improvements in our Maintenance business. Quite frankly, the success we've now demonstrated in those areas has surpassed my expectations. So the biggest challenge we have at the moment is balancing the various growth opportunities against our capacity.  As you know, we have the same sales force selling both Creo and Windchill, and the strong demand we've seen for Creo in the first half, clearly takes selling cycles away from Windchill, suggesting we should be thinking about and probably working on remedies to what may currently be a capacity limitation to our growth opportunity. On the leadership front, we had another good quarter securing domino accounts that we've been using to demonstrate our ability to take market share in tough competitive environments. So included amongst the 3 accounts was our first true Creo domino, which was a large Japanese electronics company who decided to sweep out a mix of the Sol and Siemens tools in favor of an across-the-board standardization on Creo.  A second account was a significant European industrial company who replaced an SAP PLM strategy. And the third was TJX, a local and large retailer here in Boston, who has multiple store brands, and starting with a long list of 15 vendors and ultimately selected PTC from the short list that included Siemens and the Sol. So we have good momentum there, and we feel we're well on track for our goal of 30 dominos by year end.  On the efficiency front, we've made a lot of progress with big improvements in maintenance and much better services margins in Q2. Also in Q2, we began to migrate our R&D spending towards our longer-term business model, though, in reconfiguring these resources, we incurred a $3 million onetime severance cost in the quarter that serves to mask the progress we've made, but that progress will now become more apparent in future quarters.  And then finally, on the predictability front, our goal is to evolve toward a business mix that has less quarterly volatility. That means a strong emphasis on our portfolio of annuity customers and the significant optimization of our Maintenance business that we've been working on. The 24 large deals in this quarter, this past quarter, as well as the 22 in Q1, demonstrated that, yes, we are building a solid base of dependable annuity accounts.  If you look at the average deal size this year, you can see that we haven't had the megadeals, those license transactions larger than $10 million that we saw last year. At least we haven't had them yet, We remain hopeful. We might see some of those, but nonetheless, we remain at or above our plan in revenue and EPS outlook for the year because this base of annuity customers is really forming up nicely.  So above all, I think this quarter shows how far we've come on the predictability front, that we can reach the high end of our guidance range without megadeals and even if a few license deals slip, such as we saw in the federal and defense arena in the midst of the federal budget chaos during Q2.  So to summarize the quarter, we saw a Creo demand at levels we haven't seen since the mid-90s, but that level of activities stole some thunder from our Windchill business. We've seen the combination of strong license growth in recent quarters, coupled with tighter business policies, translate into real strength in our Maintenance business that should persist for a long time going forward.  In terms of headwinds, we mentioned in the prepared remarks that we saw a few big Windchill deals in the federal and defense sectors slipped due to the federal budget crisis that nearly shut down the government. But with that crisis now resolved, we remain optimistic we'll land those deals in the back half of the year. We also absorbed the $3 million severance in the quarter.  So when you net all that out, we still ended at the high end of our guidance ranges, so I'd have to say it was a very solid quarter, yet, we all know we could have done better. So with Windchill, Creo, Arbortext, and soon MKS, all showing strong growth possibilities, we're going to commit ourselves to ensuring that we have the balance and the capacity to capitalize on the full opportunity going forward.  If we succeed in doing that, we should be looking at a situation of increasing organic growth going in the next year. And then with MKS layered on top of that, we could very well be looking at an upper teens growth opportunity in 2012. That would put another year of 20% earnings growth within reach based on revenue growth alone. And then we wouldn't have to stretch too far to meet or surpass that goal again for the third year of this 5-year plan.  On a different note, you'll notice that yesterday we announced the management change in our sales organization, that I think is going to be a big positive going forward. Paul Cunningham was a 22-year PTC sales veteran with a long list of accomplishments. But with a new CEO and a new CFO wanting to reshape the company and move the business forward, I think we're better served by having some fresh energy and new ideas coming out of the sales leadership position.  Bob Ranaldi, who we've reappointed that position, has done very well running our North American commercial business over the past several years, it's been very strong. And then years prior to that, he played a number of roles, but in particular, played a strong role in recruiting and developing our current channel sales leader, our current European sales leader and our current Asia-Pac sales leader.  So I think Bob Ranaldi is just what we need and not the experience with the PTC system to take over without missing a beat, yet, someone who's is going to bring new energy, a fresh perspective, incredible work ethic that's going to help us evolve our distribution channel for the next level. So Paul's departure was very amicable, and we wish him the best in his new pursuits. I'm sure he'll do well.  Finally in closing, I'd like to remind you that you are invited to our Investor Day, on June 14, at our Planet PTC event in Las Vegas. This is our worldwide customer group. It's a great opportunity to meet the team, see the newly-released Windchill 10 and Creo 1 products, learn about the MKS transaction and what that acquisition is going to mean to our models going forward and so forth.  So please follow up with Kristian if you have an opportunity or an interest in participating.  So with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff Glidden, to see if he has any comments to add to that.
Jeffrey Glidden: Great. Thank you very much, Jim. I'll just make a few brief comments on Q2 and then some comments on our guidance for Q3 and the balance of the year. Just adding a few comments on the revenue mix, as Jim cited, our license revenue was up 15%, and we were impacted by lower than our estimates and lower than prior periods business from a U.S. federal operations. Just a reminder, traditionally, approximately 10% of our business over the past number of years has come from U.S. federal, so that was down in the quarter.  At the same time, our commercial business, excluding the U.S. federal, was very strong. And license revenue in those areas was up approximately 25% year-over-year. We've cited the services revenues were up 19%, it's really reflecting the strong PLM license business of last year translating into the deployments this year at major customers and those are progressing well. Maintenance revenue was really a highlight, up 7% to $132 million, again, focused on policies and disciplines and really the value of the maintenance programs that we provide to our customers.  A second comment I'd like to make is on business leverage. Q2 operating margins expanded 210 basis points from 13.6% last year to 15.7%. It's really reflecting the leverage in the overall model. And on a 12% revenue growth, we're able to deliver 30% EPS growth.  A key highlight in the quarter was cash and cash flow. Cash increased $77 million, and we ended the quarter with $260 million in cash, so we're very pleased with that. A couple of comments on MKS acquisition, we'll give you a little bit more update in June, as Jim cited. Just to reiterate, we'll be funding that acquisition through a combination of borrowings of approximately $250 million off our credit agreement and existing cash of about $54 million.  We also plan -- we'll continue and plan to repurchase some $55 million worth of stock during FY '11. So we'll continue to have very strong cash position and be in the place to fund those continued repurchases.  Now I going to close with a few brief comments on guidance. As cited in the prepared remarks and in the press release, we expect revenue for Q3 to be $275 million to $285 million. This reflects year-over-year growth of approximately 13% to 17%, so accelerating growth in the quarter. And non-GAAP EPS of $0.28 to $0.32 per share. This is up approximately 30% to 50% year-over-year, again reflecting good leverage in the model.  For FY '11, we expect revenue growth of 11% to 12% or $1,120,000,000 to $1,130,000,000 revenue. We're continuing to make investments to support our long-term growth, and at the same time, we're focused on operational effectiveness to drive margin expansion.  For FY '11, we expect non-GAAP operating margins to be between 17% and 18%, up from 15.6% in FY '10. And clearly, we expect our FY '11 non-GAAP EPS to be between $1.20 to $1.25.  Thank you for joining us, and we'll now open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mr. Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Jim, I'd like to ask you about sales execution, which you highlighted in your comments and in the prepared remarks. You used a phrase about the dilutive effect of strong desktop on PLM sales that you've not used before, which is to say, you've not really said in the past that there's somewhat either/or quality to desktop sales and PLM sales. When Windchill has had very strong quarters you've not suggested that, that's somehow taken away from desktop execution or sales. So could you talk about how you can improve the execution or productivity with what you have today in sales? And otherwise, what are your plans for expanding capacity? I think that was one of your priorities for fiscal '11, and then I have a follow-up.
James Heppelmann: Yes, so it's a good question, and I'm glad you brought it up, so we could talk a little bit more about it. You should imagine that we have a certain capacity. And if you look at the commercial numbers worldwide, setting aside the aerospace and defense numbers, we had some pretty good results and that capacity was fully utilized. But a typical sales guy, there's only so many hours in a day. And when you have strong demand coming for Creo, and sometimes for the same customer, you go work on that project. And so what happened is we had a lot more hours spent selling CAD last quarter than we did spend selling PLM. Now the reason we never talked about in the past is it was implicit. Jeff -- Jay, sorry, I'm looking at Jeff here. In the past, the CAD story wasn't so exciting. So all the resources spent their time selling Windchill, and that was a huge boost to the Windchill business. But what's happened is with the CAD business, with this Creo launch, and quite frankly with the strong economy and demand for more seats, we've sort of -- the CAD business has stolen back some of the resources that maybe rightfully always were due to the CAD business, but in the meantime had spent their time and energy working out Windchill deals because there was so much more demand. So I think when we say dilution, what probably we mean is there was a rebalancing of energies away from PLM toward CAD. And that just tells us that we have a limit on capacity, that is the governing problem here, and that we probably need to think more about capacity. But I think our capacity outside this aerospace and defense sector -- or really the federal and defense sector was quite productive, and we really became limited by capacity more than anything.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Your single largest source of revenue is still, if I'm not mistaken, Pro/E or Creo maintenance, larger than license revenues or Windchill license and maintenance. The question there is over the last year you've had, according to the data sheet, a 7,000 unit increase in your active installed base for Creo. By my calculation, over that same last 12 months here, you've probably sold, referring to the license revenues, something around 20,000 new seats of Creo, give or take. And this has been the case now for the last couple of years where there's been a significant difference between that improvement in your maintenance base versus adds to new units. I don't know if there's always a lag in maintenance, but this is a seemingly considerable one, and I'm wondering if you could talk about when there might be more upside in the active base numbers?
James Heppelmann: Let me start, and then Jeff can jump in. I mean, first, let's just talk about our Maintenance business. I mean, we're not forecasting for the full year numbers far in excess of our plan and far in excess of our original guidance for maintenance. And we think that strength will continue. So if you say, why is that? Well, number one factor, we had very strong license growth a year prior. So there's a one year lag factor for sure here. And then the second thing is, we changed some policies. As I was becoming CEO and Jeff was coming on as CFO, we took a look at some of our policies and said, why do we do it that way? Let's change it. And the combination of these 2 factors has added 3, 4 points in growth to our maintenance revenue stream, that's 45% of our revenue. And so it's pretty exciting. So I think that you're going to see next year, a strong Creo Maintenance business. And I think that, that strength will persist across the board into next year and beyond.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: All right. And lastly, same question I asked Dassault yesterday on their call, and that is, could you comment on the profitability of your Windchill business, obviously less than the CAD business, but are you seeing improvements in the profitability of that part of the business?
Jeffrey Glidden: Yes, I'd happy to take that. So, I think, as we've said, the mix of business there is very important. The margins on license in both our CAD business and PLM are very, very strong. As you know in the license side, it's 95% margins along with the maintenance in the mid to upper 80s services with the maintenance and the mid- to upper 80s services with lower margins. So as that mix continues to shift to melt maintenance and license, and we believe that's the case certainly for the year if not for this quarter, we'll continue to see margin expansion in that side. And we said, reiterating Jim's perspective from prior quarters, our goal is first and foremost to improve the profitability on that business as well as get Creo growing. So right now, I think we've got both of those and will continue to expect improving and building profitability in the PLM business.
James Heppelmann: Yes, I think, just looking at this 4-box here, and this is only one quarter's worth of data, but it all comes down to mix. If license and service begins to outweigh and then dramatically outweigh -- I'm sorry, if license and maintenance begins to outweigh and then dramatically outweigh service, that business is going to become very profitable. And I think, just looking at the numbers here, we've now -- we're at the position where license plus maintenance is greater than service. And I don't have the trend here, but I anticipate that, that trend has been continuing to improve over time. And I think we'll continue to see that going forward. The growth in the Windchill business, maintenance business should not be missed here. That's very important. And the fact that, that business is clipping a line in that upper right box and a 15% growth rate is pretty interesting.
Operator: Sterling Auty from JPMorgan Chase.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, I want to drill into the PLM business, So you talked about the federal and the aerospace and defense. And I think you talked about a couple of large deals that slipped, but the fact that you're bringing down the license growth estimate for the year would seem to indicate that it's more than just a couple of slipped deals. So can you talk to us in a little bit more detail about the demand environment, not only in those weaker but in the other areas relative to what you've seen in the last couple of quarters.
James Heppelmann: Yes, Jim here, again. So let me first say, we didn't plan for a strong year in federal, aerospace and defense. We're aware of the macro situation, and we planned accordingly. But what did catch us by surprise was a couple of deals that we thought we were going to get, suddenly in the midst of this "we're shutting down the government" crisis, nobody wanted to spend any money on anything because they weren't sure what was happening. So these deals slipped, we think we'll get them. But I think we as a management team, clearly our Maintenance business is well ahead of plan, and clearly our license business is not well ahead of plan. Although keep in mind, we had a very aggressive plan. So I think we said, we either need to take our guidance up or we need to switch the mix around and de-risk it all a little bit. And we just thought it was a prudent move to fix the mix, add a little bit more maintenance and take some of the pressure off license, and so give you different guidance mix that gets us to the same result. I'm not sure we would give up on the idea of the license plan we had, but I think we would admit that we're going need a big back half to hit that original plan of 20% to 25%. It's more likely we're going to sort of end up in that 15% to 20% range which, quite frankly, we're still proud of.
Jeffrey Glidden: And Sterling, this is Jeff. I'd just add that we've been very focused on building these annuity accounts, really focused on that recurring maintenance stream. And when we look at the overall year, we basically -- I would suggest taking the license number down by approximately $10 million to $15 million and reflected that in increased maintenance. And that trade is always a good trade, where we're more disciplined on the maintenance side because that represents an annuity that, that $10 million will come year in, year out. And so we feel very good about it. It improves the predictability and is fundamentally a wash on margins and profitability, but it gives us much better predictable and annuity streams that we really like.
Barry Cohen: I think the main point as you were asking to is we're not seeing a lesser demand in Windchill at all. $24 million plus deals reflects quite a strong robust quarter. Our pipeline is very strong for that. Last quarter, $22 million of those deals. So we're seeing that. I think, Jim alluded to, is if you look at last year versus this year and you look at the number of megadeals about $10 million, we haven't seen those deals this year, and we haven't seen these deals yet, and certainly, if we got one of those megadeals in, it would change our outlook. And those megadeals are not predictable, kinds of deals that sort of come together and more or less based on the business planning of our customers. So I think, we feel very strong that the demand is there, that Windchill is very healthy and that will -- we see and will continue to see a growing pipeline in relation to Windchill.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: But when you say aerospace and defense, the only thing that pops to mind is some domino accounts like in Airbus. Can you just give us some confidence that the annuity-like stream out of some of those domino accounts in those industries that you pointed out as weak continue to be good?
James Heppelmann: Yes, can I just make a clarification? Normally, we have a segment we call Federal, Aerospace and Defense. For purposes of today's conversation, we've been trying to take aerospace out of it because the aerospace industry, quite frankly, is just fine. It's the federal and defense sector that's under the government spending pressure. That does not generally apply to the aerospace sector. So that should alleviate your fears now.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: All right. Great. And last question would be when you talk about maybe some capacity constraints and having to deal with that, in my mind, I have to try to -- the margin expansion opportunity versus the increased investment necessary that you might need to drive the top line, if you invest more heavily in sales and marketing capacity, what's the other lever that you can pull on to drive more margin expansion?
James Heppelmann: R&D spending is one we've talked about many times. And look at our R&D numbers, subtract $3 million of severance cost and see what they look like. I think they're pretty interesting and indicative of our movement to take R&D spending back to sort of normal levels of historical span. So that would be a key opportunity. But let me reiterate something I say each time, we're working backwards from 20% earnings growth. We are not going to come to you with a plan that says, we have a lot more growth opportunity here but, sorry, we're going to blow the margins. We're going to stay committed with 20% earnings growth. It's baked into our strategy. It's baked into our compensation. You can pretty much take it to the bank that we're going to do everything we can to deliver our net 20% earnings growth. It's just a question of what combinations of revenue growth and margin expansion get us there? The more revenue growth, the better from my perspective because the expansion opportunity -- the margin expansion opportunity doesn't go away. That just becomes more years of sustainability of this goal because we can always continue to do that when you're 6, 7, and 8, if we've been able to get there on more revenue growth than we anticipated.
Operator: Next question, Ross MacMillan from Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Jim, I was curious, just because of the original license guidance and where you guys turned out. How big is that federal and defense business for you? What sort of magnitude is it for Parametric?
Jeffrey Glidden: Yes. Our traditional, and really looking back over the last 4 years, U.S. Federal has been approximately 10% of our business. So again, that's a piece of the business that we feel very good about. There was some deferrals that occurred this quarter. I think it's clearly we've got some long-term macro trends there related to federal spending and defense. That's going to continue to be a healthy business, but probably at a smaller percentage of the business. That said, as we have cited earlier, our commercial business was up better than 25%, that's really the key driver in my mind for the growth going forward.
James Heppelmann: Just to add a little more color. Typically, we've reported our federal, aerospace and defense business is about 20% to 25% of our business in a typical year. You could basically say aerospace is half of that and federal and defense is the other half would be a good way to look at it. So that said, the federal spending is divided across many different parts of the federal government, some of which are doing just fine. Nobody's trying to cut Homeland Security spending. So it's Army, Navy, Air Force. It's NASA, it's Department of Energy and the nuclear weapons complex. It's a lot of different programs that have independent customer relationships with us. When you add them altogether, it becomes this 10%, 11% of our revenue.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Great. And then on Japan, you actually look fine there. Any thoughts about, do you have any views as whether there could be a delayed impact in Japan? I was just curious because your actual license growth seems to be pretty good there.
Jeffrey Glidden: First, I should cite and just say that we have about 250 people in Japan, and the good news is they were all safe. And some of their families were impacted but we are very pleased with the leadership in Japan and really how people work through it. I think Jim's been there a couple of times, both just before and just after the event, So the business was good, and there was no real impact in the quarter. Typically, this is a strong quarter for us in Japan. We usually see Q2 being strong and that was consistent. I think we're still cautious. There's uncertainty as to what will happen in the next couple of quarters with Japan. But I think long term, it's a very resilient economy and culture. And we'd expect continued growth. We've got great leadership there, and I think the long-term view will continue to be very, very strong in Japan. But there's some uncertainty about the next couple of quarters.
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, let me also say, in Japan, we had a very good quarter. And that's it. I don't think all of our problems are managed with good fix. I think on the path to better and better and stronger and stronger business, this was extremely strong quarter. And we think things are getting better, but I don't think they're that much better instantly. Our leader over there is extremely good. You should know that a fair amount of that license revenue, the majority of it was closed after the earthquake. So I think that companies didn't just stop spending money. Jeff mentioned, I traveled over there. I was actually supposed to go there the Saturday immediately after the earthquake, but I postponed it a bit. I traveled from Narita to Tokyo to Nagoya and back. Incidentally, I brought a radiation detector with me. I didn't see a single speck of evidence that an earthquake had ever happened anywhere along that route. And my radiation detector didn't pick up any radiation. So I think the Japanese people who are immediately involved around the area of the earthquake and the nuclear, it's a big deal. But I think by the time you already get to Tokyo -- it's just my sense, my personal sense is that it seems far away from the people in Tokyo. And they were in the office working, and you look over at Tokyo and there's a million high-rise buildings it seems, and there isn't a single one of them damaged or anything else. It's not like -- somehow it's not as bad as the U.S. seems to report it. But I don't really want to say it's not bad because I think if you're in that immediate area, it is pretty bad. But I think that a good amount of our customers aren't there.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: That's helpful. Just a few quick other ones. Just as you thought about your revision to your full year license, Jeff, I think you described it is about a $15 million reduction. How did you kind of gauge that, I'm curious as to how you kind of got to that level of license growth?
Jeffrey Glidden: So we look at the business holistically. So we look at both license, maintenance and service in aggregate. And as we said, we've got major deployments underway in the services site. We have seen a mixshift, but I think it's actually healthy between -- in some cases, more maintenance and higher annuity streams from the maintenance side versus license. So I think the mix is actually a positive signal for us, and it's really based on pipeline and outlook and customer plans and programs. So I think the lift that we're seeing in maintenance, I think, it's terrific, and it's very sustainable, and at the same time, in a number of cases, because we're not forecasting large deals with perhaps a little bit more conservative on what we thought the license numbers could be this year. I think as Barry cited, there's some big deals out there to be worked, those are yet to be closed.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And the very last one, just on the severance in the R&D area. Could you maybe just add some color, you mentioned automotive. I wasn't quite clear just kind of what actually you're doing there.
James Heppelmann: Okay, well you remember last quarter when we announced this HKMC contract and the accounting hit we took for it and so forth, many people said, does that mean you're hiring new people? And we said, no, we're going to repurpose. We're going to take R&D spending down. And the net effect is a transfer of resources from R&D to services from an accounting perspective. The only thing is, in taking down those R&D resources, we had to pay out some severance. So I think, it really was associated both with our general automotive strategy and then, specifically, with HKMC contract and rejiggering our resources to align with what we told you last quarter.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Is it actually a transfer of employees from you to the customer?
James Heppelmann: No, no. Think of it is a transfer of employees from largely North America to Korea. But a lot of North Americans don't want to move to Korea, so it became a termination of some employees in North America and hiring of some employees in Korea. Some of the employees in Korea are not working necessarily directly on the HKMC project. We announced we were opening an R&D center in Korea to really build some automotive expertise as a company strategy around that, but a fair amount of them are people doing work in that contract for which we described the accounting last quarter.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Got it. That's helpful.
Operator: Richard Davis from Canaccord.
Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity: So first, a tactical one. Is the Q4 guide -- does that include the MKS revenues or not?
Jeffrey Glidden: It does not. We'll give you an update on that in June.
Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity: Got it. I didn't think so, but I just want to make sure. And then the second one is, in your opinion, is Windchill 10 a margin driving vehicle for you? And also, should we kind of, adjacent to that question, assume that if I were a salesman I would kind of be pre-selling this to my customer base saying, hey, look, we got Windchill 10 coming out, it's a really whizbang improvement, maybe you should buy this. And the point is, does that give you at least notionally some cushion in your PLM business as the second half of this year rolls out?
James Heppelmann: Yes. So in the first part of the question, is Windchill 10 a margin driver? I would say yes. Because really, 2 reasons. Number one, it reduces the degree of customization. A fair amount of customization has been user interface tweaks and then a fair amount has been functionality gap-filling historically. And with 10, of course, there's a lot more functionality, but more importantly, I think the era of customizing user interface has come to an end. So there should be less customization, therefore, less services, therefore a better license to service mix. The second thing that's very important is we should also have faster adoption thereby leading to the next license order, which again, improves the license to service mix over the course of a year or so. So I think it should help a lot with the margins. And then, regarding the pre-selling, I think there was a concern that this launch of Creo was going to hurt our CAD revenue. And in fact, the launch of Creo has, in part, I want to give the economy some credit here, but the launch of Creo has caused our CAD revenue to explode, and the explosion of CAD demand has hurt our Windchill revenue. So I think, Windchill 10 is neutral on Windchill revenue, if anything mildly positive. But I think it's really this transfer of selling cycles over to the CAD side of the house because of such strong demand for Creo. I mean, I don't think anybody on this call probably were going to post a 57% license increase in our CAD business in those large accounts in Kristian's upper left box. I mean, I think we're all extremely pleasantly surprised. And if we could get all of these cylinders hitting at the same time, this is a different company than the one we're talking about here today even. So I think it's pretty interesting, but we need to execute better on multiple dimensions. .
Operator: Yun Kim from Gleacher.
Yun Kim - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: So I just wanted to ask you regarding the business dynamics in the Creo in the quarter. So the Creo doesn't get released until the summer. So I mean, you explained that the economy contributed to the success of the CAD business in front of a major release. It's just -- is there any other dynamics that showed the strength in the quarter? Could it possibly be that people now wanting to buy Creo, and that's why they're buying the older version before it gets released?
James Heppelmann: No, so let me take you through the story again here. Nothing's changed here, but I want to remind you kind about the facts because it's probably hard to remember all the stuff. We used to have 3 discrete products: Pro/ENGINEER, CoCreate, ProductView. And in Creo, we came out with the new concept that blends these 3 together in a pretty interesting way. So Creo is actually the successor of the 3 product families. Now Pro/ENGINEER and CoCreate were never cross-sold in the past. So with our branding, we went back and renamed -- because all 3 of these products are now upward compatible to Creo, we went back and renamed Pro/E to be Creo Elements/Pro. We renamed CoCreate to be Creo Elements/Direct. And ProductView, Creo Elements/View. So those are the 3 products we're selling today, and what's happened is suddenly, we're seeing a tremendous amount of cross-sell. We are seeing the Parametric customers who formerly had Pro/ENGINEER begin to buy the Direct product, formerly known as CoCreate, and vice versa in particular. So we're seeing a cross-sell having been unleashed in anticipation of a unifying product that actually blends the 2 together in a more perfect way. So that's pretty exciting, but again, I think that's exciting and we have evidence that this Creo launch has made a difference. But I don't really want to take it away from that fact people are hiring more mechanical engineers, and they simply need more seats as well. So it's really probably, first and foremost, better economy, secondarily, maybe a third of the factor, is the cross-sell that we've unleashed in anticipation of the unification.
Yun Kim - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. That's very helpful. And then I just want to make sure, given the constraint in your sales capacity that you mentioned, do you plan to accelerate sales hiring in second half of the year?
James Heppelmann: Yes, I think we're going through a planning process on that dimension right now. I would anticipate our June Investor Day might be an opportunity to give you an update on that. We've not yet authorized that. Normally, going into the next fiscal year, starting October 1, we would authorize a new wave of capacity. The question for us is, can we accelerate that and begin some of that hiring in anticipation of next year earlier than October 1? And that's an open question that we can give you an update on in June.
Yun Kim - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: And I just wanted to sneak one last one in. Jim, what has been the initial reception regarding the Windchill 10 release, so far?
James Heppelmann: It's extremely positive. We had one small VAR account that told us it took a day to install it and go into production the next day. So very small customer, like 8 seats or something like that. We've had many, many big customers participate actually in the development of the software and then comment on it afterwards. So I think Windchill 10 is going to be a blockbuster release. I think it's a little unfortunate for the Windchill fans out there that Creo blockbuster release stole some of its thunder, but trust me, that Windchill 10 product is going to prove very material to our results going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Steve Koenig from Longbow Research.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: I guess I'll start with my easy question first, and then I got a little bit more involved one. The short question is, can you all explain how you will differentiate MKS from the embedded systems functionality that Dassault has? Are you all approaching the market differently or do the products compete pretty head-on?
James Heppelmann: Well, Dassault formerly had no capability in this area. They, about -- I don't know, maybe a year ago acquired a little company called Geensoft, which is I think it's $1 million revenue company based somewhere in Europe. So Dassault bought a small little player who has stitched together some open source products. We bought the industry leader, or in the process of acquiring the industry leader whose doing $75 million in revenue. So I suppose, you could say the 2 compete, I think, that we have the industry-leading platform, the best technology, the most customers, the broadest footprint, the number one position by a factor of 10. So that's how I would characterize it, Dassault will be a competitor, but we think they're not necessarily a strong competitor.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. Okay, that's very helpful. And then the more involved question is about just wanting to get your updated view on the market growth rates in the CAD and the PLM segments. And then, how you guys will compare to that. And the backdrop for this would be just looking at organic growth rates from you guys versus Dassault. We don't have the UG [ph] numbers. You guys were ahead of them last year in growth, and PLM really drove that. The last couple of quarters, they pulled even pretty much on those organic constant currency growth rates.
James Heppelmann: Hang on, though, Steve. Dassault hasn't posted any organic growth rates in 4 quarters now. Because they're rolling IBM into their numbers.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: We're doing that backing, We're looking at the combined IBM, Dassault, 12 months ago versus what they're doing now, so that's somewhat of an organic calculation. But leaving that aside, I guess my real question here is, you referred to the PLM market, the upper right boxes, kind of a 15% fitness. So I'm wondering what you think the growth rate is there about the market and for you guys, and kind of same question for CAD.
James Heppelmann: Yes, I think, I'm reading the same data Kristian gave me as they gave you here. But looking backwards, it's sort of been the upper single-digit 9%, 10%, 8% to 10%, let's say, percent growth for the industry -- the PLM industry, and CAD's probably been 3% to 5%. We have been a strong over-performer in the PLM segment because we've had a 17% growth CAGR in that upper right box, or actually that red column, during a period with the -- for many years while the industry was growing 8% or 9%. So we've doubled industry growth historically in PLM. And we probably lagged industry growth in CAD by 1% or 2%, maybe the industry was growing 4%, and we were growing 2% or 3%, during much of that period. 2009 aside, when nothing was growing for anybody. I think going forward, we think we're going to continue taking market share in PLM. We didn't necessarily take any this quarter, but this quarter we probably took a lot of market share in CAD, certainly from a revenue standpoint. I would expect that this phenomenon of explosive growth in CAD will probably temper itself a bit over time. And that the growth in our Windchill PLM business will accelerate again. And I think we'll probably get back to a situation where we're a low teens organic grower based on a Windchill rate greater than low teens. And a CAD rate probably in mid -- currently, I believe, mid upper digits for some time now -- mid to upper single digits.
Operator: Ben Rose from Battle Road Research. [Technical Difficulty]
Ben Rose - Battle Road Research Ltd.: On HKMC, can you give us an update on any milestones that have been reached thus far? And your perspective on how things are looking going into this next portion of the year? And then a follow-up would be, and I will limit myself to one follow-up would be, any evidence that HKMC is turning the heads of others in the automotive industry?
James Heppelmann: Yes. I think just to be honest, Ben, it's a little too early on both of those fronts. Most of our early milestones at HKMC have really been around mobilizing the resources to do the project, and we're doing fine there. But it's too early to declare ourselves ahead or behind schedule in any meaningful way. And then I think on the sales front, I certainly couldn't point any revenue, but I think we've engaged in a series of conversations where people want to hear what's going on at HKMC. Incidentally, the same automotive companies want to hear about what are you going to do with MKS because MKS has quite a bit of traction in the automotive industry as well.
Operator: Your last question comes from Mike Olson from Piper Jaffray.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies: Just a quick one here. Back to this question about resources going into Windchill versus the CAD side and the focus shifting somewhat back to CAD. You guys have clearly been taking share in PLM over the last few years. Is it possible that with Creo and all the resources you're putting in on the CAD side that we'll actually see an increasing ability to gain share on the CAD side, or is it more the case that competitor implemented CAD systems are just generally too sticky to push out and replace?
James Heppelmann: I think we are going to take some share. I mentioned we had our first Creo domino. The first account where we could say this really was a situation where they like that Creo story better than these competitors and decided to turn off competitor seats to standardize on Creo. I anticipate we'll have more of those going forward. One of the interesting things about Creo, remember we talked about AnyMode Modeling, AnyBOM Assembly, AnyData Adoption, et cetera. This AnyData Adoption concept really allows Creo to bring data in from other CAD systems in a much more meaningful way that has been historically possible and use that data productively going forward. So I do think we're going to be able to take share, and I think really, it's going to be this combination of the story of Creo, Windchill, Arbortext, MKS, Relex, et cetera, that just becomes so compelling that one becomes increasingly tempted to bite the bullet and switch out to CAD tools as well. Some of our competitors have probably not done themselves any favor by being a little heavy-handed with their customers. So there's also a base of frustrated customers out there, from one competitor in particular, that are somewhat vulnerable. And so, I think we'll be able to take some share.
Kristian Talvitie: . Great. Thanks very much, everybody, for the questions. And we look forward to seeing you all, or anybody or any of you that can make it to Las Vegas, in June for another update. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This concludes today's call. Please disconnect at this time. Thank you.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristian Talvitie - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Jim Heppelmann - President & Chief Executive Officer  Jeff Glidden - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer  Barry Cohen - Executive Vice President of Strategy
Analysts: Sterling Auty – JP Morgan Yun Kim – Gleacher Blair Abernethy – Stifel Nicolaus Steven Koenig – Longbow Research Richard Davis – Canaccord Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Company Ben Rose - Battle Road Research Andrew Kaplan - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to PTC’s first quarter fiscal year 2011 results conference call. After brief comments by management we will go directly into question and answer session. If anyone should require assistance during the call please press star followed by the 0 on your touchtone phone. As a reminder ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Mr. Kristian Talvitie, PTC’s Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristian Talvitie: Good morning, good afternoon everyone. Before we get started I just want to remind everybody that this call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC’s products or anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumptions of PTC’s management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC’s most recent Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q on filed with the SEC. All financial measures on this call are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measures is located in the prepared remarks document on the investor relations page of our Web site at www.ptc.com. Here today are Jim Heppelmann, President and CEO, Jeff Glidden, CFO, and Barry Cohen, EVP of Strategy. With that I’ll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Heppelmann: Good. Thank you Kristian. Well, good morning to everybody. Good morning here from snowy Needham where we have a foot of fresh snow on the ground. But the PTC management team being very loyal and commitment all found a way to get to the office. I’d like to say we’re very pleased with what we think was a very strong first quarter and a very good start to our fiscal ’11 year. We really see a good balance of revenue strength across almost all of our product lines, across our direct and indirect channels, across our different geographies and so forth. It was really pretty much solid across the board. We also saw a good continued momentum with Domino wins and we’ll talk about it. We saw pretty good progress in monetizing some of the previous Domino wins as well. So I’d like to start with some comments regarding the automotive industry in general and the win at Hyundai Kia Motors Company in particular. So just to give you some background context, automotives is the biggest vertical within the manufacturing industry. That said, the automotive segment has been an historical strength of some of our competitors, Siemens and Dassault in particular, and relatively speaking PTC has been under represented in the automotive industry over the years. Now at the same time, we felt that with the competitive strength we have in PLM we ought to be able to fix that to our advantage. We should be better represented in the automotive industry. So I think right now and really over the last six quarters or so we’re starting to see a lot of good progress of PTC taking share in this very important automotive segment. So if I look at the last 18 months or so, we’ve had competitive displacement wins, may of which we’ve announced at places like Volvo Truck, which is one of the world’s biggest truck companies, at Continental and as well separately at Schaeffler. And I think some of you know that Continental and Schaeffler are merging together to become the world’s biggest automotive supplier. We had a very important win at Cummins, at Harley-Davidson, ArvinMeritor and a number of others. But really prior to this last quarter what we hadn’t succeeded in doing was penetrating one of the passenger vehicle automotive OEMs. And the passenger vehicle automotive OEMs are by far the biggest segment for enterprise PLM. Now we had some presence with CAD and power train and we had some presence with our Windchill software next to the CAD software we had sold. But in terms of enterprise PLM PTC really didn’t have a single automotive OEM account we could point to. And of course that held us back because whenever we got in an engagement we didn’t have a good automotive OEM reference to use. So obviously we’re very pleased to announce what is a tremendous win at Hyundai Kia Motor Company. Now Hyundai Kia win, HKMC as we call it, is extremely important because HKMC is the envy of the automotive industry right now, particularly the OEMs. They are currently the fifth largest in the world and they are the fastest growing. So at current speed by next year the will be the fourth largest and passing Renault Nissan in the process. So to put that in perspective, Hyundai Kia is bigger than Ford, than Daimler, Honda, BMW, Chrysler and a long list of others. This is a big, successful company and a big, important win that will be watched carefully by the entire automotive industry. So what happened at HKMC is that two years ago HKMC decided they really needed a better PLM strategy and they began a competitive benchmark process. PTC was represented as was Siemens, Dassault and SAP. The incumbent strategy that they were looking to upgrade was a Dassault Enovia strategy. So they went through a comprehensive request for proposal process and then separately they did many months of hands on software evaluation testing the software against the HKMC requirements at the HKMC sites. So PTC was pretty happy after this two years of competition last quarter to come away with a victory. Now just in the waning days of the quarter we started what’s a pretty typical phase I deployment. Now you’ll remember we’ve given you this monetization model that says most of our deployments start with a relatively small first phase where we’re trying to prove out the solution in the customer’s environment with actual users and actual data and actual production work processes. And when we’re successful with that then these things tend to expand and they expand again and again and again over time. We’ve taken you through that model. So the actual win has relatively small revenues in this first phase and should get a lot larger over time. So in the press release and in our prepared remarks we talked quite a bit about this term contract accounting and how it caused a one-time 3-4 cent EPS hit that we’ll make up in the back part of the year. Now I’m not an accountant and many of you are not accountants so I’m going to try to give you a plain English explanation of why this happened and what it means for us. Okay. So we won the benchmark. Clearly HKMC believed PTC had the best solution relative to their requirements. But at the same time their requirements are very aggressive. HKMC is a leader, not a follower. So they have very aggressive requirements. So they came back to us with a list of additional enhancements they’d like us to make to the solution. Now that’s not unusual at all for a large customer to give us a list of enhancements. And so let me add it’s particularly not unusual when you’re entering a new segment like we are with automotive OEMs for the first time. So PTC looked at these enhancements and we said the bulk of them look like good things to do to the product for the benefit of all of our customers, certainly all of our customers in the automotive industry. So we said okay, we’re willing to incorporate those enhancement requests in the future product roadmaps and that’s something that we would - a conversation we would have with many customers. Now the difference is that Hyundai is a pretty good negotiator and they said we would like you to commit to those delivery timeframes and so forth in the contract. And so after some back and forth on that we agreed to do it. But the accounting treatment is once a commitment is made the deliverables must be delivered per this contract. Then the cost of all that R&D work gets assigned to that one contract, okay? So when you take all this incremental R&D cost that would have just been run rate R&D and you assign it in one fell swoop to this one contract and you add those costs on top of the deployment costs of actually putting that phase I deployment in place, then you get into a situation where the costs of phase I when counted that way exceed the revenue of phase I. And then the accountants say okay, now you need to take the excess cost as a loss in the current time period. So the net effect of all of this is that we have taken 3-4 cents of R&D monies we would have spent in Q2, 3 and 4 and we have basically accrued that cost here in Q1. So as we actually incur that cost in Qs 2, 3 and 4, it won’t show up because it’s already been more or less pre-paid. So it’s very important that you understand that these costs are not incremental to the PTC FY11 spending plan. It’s really just a reprioritization of existing resources and not incremental spending. So the 3-4 cents of cost is essentially like I said, a pre-payment for a front loading of costs that has no effect on the full year and therefore we left our EPS guidance unchanged for the year at $1.20-1.25. Now I think what’s most important is that we don’t let this discussion around accounting sort of obfuscate the more important thing, which is that HKMC is a tremendous strategic win for PTC. It is the most important account we were pursuing here in fiscal ’11 and we won it. This is going to do a lot to reinforce our momentum. It will start an unbelievable number of new conversations in the automotive industry at all levels and it will further cement our claims of PLM leadership in the industry. So moving on to the rest of the customers, we were very successful in securing two other Domino accounts as well in the quarter. So that puts us at a count of 22 versus a full year target of 30. So we’re doing very well against that target and we’re confident that in the end we will meet or potentially exceed that target of 30 Domino accounts. The other thing and Jeff will give you some detail, we’re seeing how Domino accounts previously won are contributing in a pretty meaningful way to the big deal pipeline now and about 1/3 of the big deals that came in in Q1 came from Domino accounts previously won. So our enterprise numbers I think overall look very solid though you all realize you need to look a little bit closer to see that because the enterprise numbers look much better when you take into account the very tough comparable from Q1 of last year when we had what was essentially a blow out quarter the blow out came from enterprise license revenue, which basically came in 20 million higher than our guidance and our expectations. Okay. Now on top of all that I was very pleased, I think we all were, to see really pretty strong desktop strength and as well, solid SMB or reseller strength. And I attribute those two things to a combination of factors. Really on one hand, good economic rebound that has now worked its way down into the SMB segment and on the other hand, a lot of momentum and excitement around Creo. Creo has driven a much higher level of sales activity than we have seen previously in Mathcad for both the direct and the channel resources. There are many, many customers who want to hear about it, understand what it means, how is it different and better? It’s just driving a lot of activity and you’re seeing some of that fall through as revenue. So I’m pretty happy with the desktop side and I think we’re set up to have a pretty good year on the desktop front. So overall just reflecting on all this, I think we have a great start to the year. We’re ahead of plan on revenue. We’re actually on our plan for EPS after taking that 3-4 cent hit or I should say we feel like we’re 3-4 cents ahead just to be clear on that. We’re confident that our FY11 revenue and guidance remains achievable and we think we’re in a good place relative to our longer term plan for 20% sustainable revenue growth through 2014. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Jeff for a few brief comments.
Jeff Glidden: Great. Thank you very much Jim. I’m just going to give a little more color on some of the business metrics in the quarter. I’ll talk about cash and cash flow and then turn to our guidance for both Q2 and the balance of the year. As Jim cited, a terrific highlight of the quarter was the large deals and obviously 22 large customers generated 51 million in the quarter. This compares to 10 customers generating 50 million a year ago. So this really speaks to very much the increased breadth and depth of our business. Last year obviously the average of the 10 customers was about $5 million each. That was reflective of a handful of very large deals that are very difficult to forecast and do give us the hard compare. I think the health of the businesses is really reflected very much in the 22 deals with an average of just over 2 million. That’s been a very consistent metric for us and I think that’s where we expect to be going forward. I think another key point is about 1/3 of these accounts were Domino’s and that’s just very important in building our annuity base, having the Domino’s not only being major wins in a current period but generating incremental revenue and a continuing revenue stream as we build these annuities, so a highlight there. We’ve really talked about the direct enterprise revenue. That was 106 million or 40% of total and that compared to 111 million in FY10 for the same quarter. And as we have articulated, looked at about 20 million of upside in that prior period, our year over year growth excluding that upside of about 20 million would be 16% on enterprise and 36% year over year growth. Again, I think as we look at it, the pipeline of enterprise PLM opportunities is strong and growing. Jim has said we closed three Dominoes in the year in the first quarter and we feel very comfortable with the target and goal of 30 for the full year. Highlights again were CAD, desktop and channel. So desktop CAD revenue was 146 million, up 8% year over year with license growth of 36%. Channel revenue was 77 million, up 7%, license growth of 26. This is really a continuing trend, very healthy for us. Both Q4 was up, Q1 again and I think it’s a reflection of both improving economics and really market customer and partner response to our Creo strategy. It’s been excellent. We were concerned as we went into the quarter that we might see some stall. We have seen the opposite. We have seen growth and strength in that, which reflects I think a very strong story and a very strong strategy in the Creo announcement. Turning now to cash and cash flow, cash did decrease by $57 million in the quarter to 183. Recall that we had a litigation settlement of $48 million that was consummated at the end of - really at the beginning of Q1. That was paid out. So that’s a major piece of the decline in Q1. I would say the good news is Q2 is probably our strongest cash quarter. We expect cash to increase in Q2 by 77 million such that we’d end the quarter with 260 million of cash. And this is before any stock repurchases. So just on a cash basis we’d expect to close the current quarter with 260 million of cash. For the full year cash flow from operations and I’m going to exclude the $48 million settlement, the cash flow from operations without the $48 million settlement would be 165 million. That’s a significant number for us. It’s great. It’s up year over year from FY10. We also plan to purchase $55 million worth of stock in the coming quarters and in the full year and we expect to end FY11 after $55 million worth of stock purchases at 275 million. So we’ve got a very strong balance sheet with excellent cash flow. I’ll just close with our guidance just reiterating our guidance assumes $1.37 US dollars to the euro. This is consistent with both our simple average for 2010 and our guidance at the end of last year. So we’re holding to that. As you know, the euro has moved up and down fairly significantly within these periods but we feel right now we don’t forecast currency. We really just live with the flows up and down as they come. Guidance is based on this. So for Q2 we expect revenues to be 260-270 million. This would be year over year growth of 8-12% and non-GAAP EPS of 22 cents to 26 cents. For the full year we expect revenue growth of 10-12% or 1,110,000,000 to 1,130,000,000 and non-GAAP EPS of $1.20-1.25. We thank you very much for your time and your interest and we’ll now open it up for your questions.  
Operator: If you would like to ask a question please press star, 1. You will be prompted to record your name. To withdraw that request you may press star, 2. Once again to ask a question you may press star, 1 on your touchtone phone. Our first question comes from Sterling Auty of JP Morgan.
Sterling Auty: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning guys from snowy New York. We’re suffering right along with you. Let’s start with the contract with Hyundai. So I want to make sure I understand there was no revenue that was actually recognized in the quarter. Was that also because of the way that the contract was constructed?
Jim Heppelmann: Jeff, you want to take that?
Jeff Glidden: Sterling, I’ll take that one. So we signed this contract really late in December and so it’s really basically the structure here is contract accounting. And we’ll be recognizing revenue on a percentage completion basis. So as we sign the contract we’re into deployment now. We’ll begin recognizing revenue and the revenue stream really in Q2 and beyond. Based on contract accounting what we did is an estimate of all the costs to complete this and what we booked in the first quarter was the excess of cost to complete versus the contract value for phase I. So phase I revenues will start being accrued in the second quarter.
Jim Heppelmann: So just to add a little color to that, because we were doing this percent complete contract accounting we are not able to extract out the license revenue and recognize that as we would do in a traditional deal. And then if you say well, what percent complete did we get to? Well, the answer is zero. We just started in the waning days of the quarter. So that’s really the story there.
Sterling Auty: I think there are a lot of us that follow other companies that use this in other segments so I don’t think it’ll be that foreign. But maybe one clarification - is this completely unusual for you guys to use percentage completion? Or have you done that with any of the other Domino deals?
Jeff Glidden: It’s a rare occasion. I think we have done this on a couple of occasions where we have made commitments and where the service is the vast majority of it we would use 81/1 or contract accounting. So it’s very consistent with past practices. That said, 97/2 or software revenue rack is the vast majority, 95-98% of our business is software revenue rack.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. What is very unusual is for us to make commitments around product development. Now normally a customer gives us some requirements, we look at those requirements and we say sounds good. We’ll try to work it into our future product roadmap but we’re not committed to it. So even if we normally would do a percent complete you wouldn’t really see it that much. What’s strange here is we made the product enhancement commitment and that brought in all of this cost from future periods in one big lump, which is why it looks strange. I have not seen that happen prior at PTC.
Sterling Auty: Got you. One of the other items that we saw and I got questions from investors is also looking at the license revenue as a whole kind of towards the lower end of the guidance range. If you had used 97/2 if you didn’t have the commitments, is there any quantification that you can give us as to what license revenue might have looked like? And then the follow on to that is would you get all of that license revenue during fiscal 2011 under the percentage completion for this phase I or does it stretch it out even longer than that?
Jeff Glidden: So let me pick up on this. It wouldn’t - we’re under contract accounting and just let me say that the license piece of this is a small number of licenses up front and that is in phase I. We expect that to broaden significantly in phases II and III. So there will be significant amounts of additional revenue recognized in future periods on phases II and III once we complete phase I. So it’s a very small amount of license that would have been in this and that’s common, not uncommon for our Domino programs where there will be a lot of services up front to get a deployment complete and then we see a rapid expansion of license seats after that.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. And this phase I does not fully complete within this fiscal year. It’s more like targeted at calendar year.
Jeff Glidden: Correct. Yeah.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And last question and I’ll get back in the queue just to keep beating the dead horse. In terms of the expenses that you were forced to recognize were 100% of those expenses in the R&D line or when I look at the costs of services and I look at the services margin?
Jeff Glidden: It’s in services so there’s about $5 million in services that’s recognized there because that’s a services contract. And it did have a 2% percentage point impact on gross margins in the quarter as well as on the bottom line it had the 3-4 cents. But that really bridges I think what was a very good quarter in overall margin, good services margins excluding the HKMC deal.
Jim Heppelmann: So again, just to be perfectly clear what essentially happened to a large degree is future R&D costs got characterized as current period services costs. That’s what you’re going to see happen here over time. Higher services costs now means lower R&D costs later.
Sterling Auty: Got it. All right. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yun Kim of Gleacher.
Yun Kim: Thank you. So I think Sterling did a good job of asking all the right questions regarding the Hyundai Kia contract accounting deal so I’ll just go on to something else. It looks like you mentioned the desktop CAD business had a very good quarter. How do you account for such a strong business in front of a major release coming up, Creo product, in about six months? And then also you hear some put through effect that’s happening from some large PLM wins that you had last year basically Windchill driving some pro-E sales right now. Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. You had a couple questions there. I think again the desktop CAD number was strong for two main reasons. One is there were some large deals that contained desktop CAD. Those were probably more a function of renewals that came up and got renegotiated than any special connection to Windchill or anything else or Creo. And then there was just good, robust strength in the SMB channel where most of the new buying behavior happened. And there Creo is helping us a lot because as you remember, the Creo story on one hand is very interesting. On the other hand it’s fully upward compatible from the existing stuff. So excitement about Creo even though it’s not delivered today, actually does translate into a purchase of what’s available today because it’s upward compatible. So I think that what’s happened is the number of conversations that we get included in has increased dramatically as a result of Creo and all the marketing that we have done around that.
Yun Kim: Okay. Great. Thanks. And also Jim, you mentioned about 1/3 of the large deals were follow on deals from existing Domino accounts. Is that where we can expect the level to kind of trend for a while? Or do you expect that level to pick up or maybe even dip a little bit? How consistent would that level be going forward?
Jim Heppelmann: Well, just to be completely honest with you, I don’t have that data in front of me for prior period so I can’t comment as to the trend. That feels to me to be probably relatively normal, maybe increasing a bit over time. Kristian tells me it’s been increasing over time. But I don’t have the data for prior periods sitting here to compare it to.
Jeff Glidden: Yeah. Just as a general view I think we’re building these annuity accounts. The Domino wins are terrific and then our clear goal is that they generate not just a deal up front but a continuing stream of revenue over three, five, many, many years. So I would expect as we build the annuity accounts we’ll see more of that Domino revenue flowing through as well.
Jim Heppelmann: And I think just to again add some more color, clearly we have taken you guys through this Domino monetization model. This has most of these Dominoes are not up front big purchases. Occasionally they are but that’s the exception rather than the rule. So the rest of them become small engagements up front dominated by services revenue. And over time they translate into more and more license revenue and then a building stream of maintenance. And if I look at this portfolio of the 22 Domino wins to date, they are all more or less on that exact path with the exception of a few that gave us big orders up front.
Yun Kim: Okay. Great. And then I just want to make sure the closure rate on these follow on Domino deals are much higher than the initial contract, right? That’s probably a fair assumption?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes.
Yun Kim: Okay. Great. And then Jeff, there was a pretty sizeable sequential jump on deferred revenue in the quarter. Is that all maintenance renewal or was there some pick up in the consulting work or even some license revenue?
Jeff Glidden: You know that is the maintenance renewal. It’s a big, big Q1 event, which is terrific and that’s what also drives the very significant increase in cash flow in Q2.
Yun Kim: Okay. Great. And then the final question from me - can you give us an update on the interest level of large system integrators as far as working with you in terms of signing the next big PLM deals? Are there more site consultants being trained on Windchill? If you can share with us any specific plan that you have to get these large system integrators to ramp up. Thanks.
Barry Cohen: Well, this is Barry here. One thing we have done now is we have created a model for what the service economy needs to look like in 2014. And we have assigned it as a goal to the service organization so we have really resolved the strategic issue going forward where we’re going to be ramping up the SI community with a lot greater investment and support in the years coming. And we’re seeing that to be very well received by the SIs out there. So we’ll expect our economy to grow significantly over the next three to four years.
Yun Kim: Okay. Great and congratulations on the signing of that Kia Hyundai deal. Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you. Just before we move on if we could keep questions to one question and one follow up, that’d be great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blair Abernethy of Stifel Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy: Thanks. Can you hear me guys?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes.
Blair Abernethy: Just on the Domino wins to date, the 22, Jim, I’m wondering if you can just help us out a bit in terms of characterizing the backlog on licenses. If you look at the group of 22 now how much of them could you bucketize as sort of in the first phase versus a second phase versus a final phase of implementation?
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. Well, I think we began the program, began talking to you guys about Domino accounts in mid-2009 or so. So you could say that the earliest wins are what, six, seven quarters under our belt? And the latest wins of course are days under our belt. So I think that says that all of these accounts are somewhat in their early days because this is a multi-, multi-year phenomenon that takes to run this course. And quite frankly we’ve never actually had one run its course. So we’re not sure when they do end. It just becomes an engagement where we become a strategic partner and we continue to do incremental business with them year after year. But just trying to get back to your question, I think that I would characterize all of them as having ample additional opportunity from where we now stand and most of them as starting to be pretty meaningful.
Barry Cohen: I would add that when you may see the final phase, in actuality we don’t think of having any final phase because one is the roll out of Windchill and PLM but there is also the expanding footprint of PLM. I think most of you heard and saw how we’re expanding into the service market within our accounts with our Sys Arbortext offering. And so we see these as really sort of never ending annuities.
Blair Abernethy: Okay. Great. And then on the win with Hyundai, if we look past this and say okay, what other automotive OEMs are out there looking to do a major overhaul as well at this point? Do you have - are there other ones in your pipe now?
Jim Heppelmann: You know, I don’t want to predict that we’re going to close another one soon. I think what’s going to happen is we’re going to start being taken seriously in the evaluations that they do. General Motors ran into evaluation last year and they didn’t include us in the evaluation. And I was a bit dumbfounded and actually flew out there and asked them why, why would you not include the leader? And they said you’re not a player in automotive. And so okay then, it is what it is. That’s no longer true. General Motors watches extremely closely what’s happening at Hyundai and now I don’t want to speak specifically for General Motors but in companies like that they’re wondering if they haven’t maybe been leap frogged because Hyundai didn’t follow their strategy. They leapt ahead with a new strategy with the now current market leader. And I think a lot of these automotive companies move from defending what they’re doing to questioning what they’re doing. But now we’ve got to start the sales cycles that take some time to run. So I don’t think it’s going to make an immediate difference. But in terms of working our way increasingly into this industry in the coming years, it’s huge.
Blair Abernethy: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig of Longbow Research.
Steve Koenig: Hi guys.
Jeff Glidden: Hey Steve. Good morning.
Steve Koenig: I’m good. Thank you. First question and then one follow up - you’ve given a pretty in depth explanation of the contract accounting, which was helpful. Can you direct that however specifically to Q2 and talk about the dynamics there, the guidance being a little below the Street on EPS? And was it all the Hyundai deal where basically it looks like you’re now going to be matching your costs with your revenue so margins on those resources and the other annuities will be low? Or are there additional items in Q2 that would have affected that guidance? And then I do have one follow up.
Jeff Glidden: Okay Steve so relative to Hyundai we won’t provide specific revenue and margin guidance. But I would suffice to say that it’s baked into our plan and our forecast and it has a very small effect going forward. The dollars we took in Q1 one, helped to mitigate that and it’ll be percentage completion. Again, the uptick that we would expect would be as we move from phase I to phase II with license revenue. So I would say it’s a small effect. As we look at the balance of the year we’re really looking at trends that I think are very important and that would be continued margin expansion. We’ll be building and continuing to invest in sales capacity to drive growth because we feel very comfortable and very confident in the market opportunity ahead. We’ll be watching and expecting that our R&D expenses will continue to trend downward over time. And as I think we have cited before, our R&D expenses historically were in the 16% range. We essentially increased that significantly over the last two years into the 20% range. We’re trending down now 19-18% this quarter. We’d expect over time that will normalize. So I think we’ve built in a number of programs. We’ve got some investments in services that we spoke about last quarter that occurred in the first half of this year that will get better margins for us on the services side in Q3 and Q4. So I think most of the programs that we funded we feel very good about and you’ll start seeing the small effects of that in Q2 and more as we step up through Q3 and Q4.
Steve Koenig: Okay. Great. That’s very helpful. Then just turning to my follow up, I’m wondering on the PLM side you did have a tough compare this quarter. Last year you all spoke about growing Windchill, growing PLM I should say, 20% year on year and growing licenses at potentially 30-40% pace. Do you still see that pace as achievable this year?
Jim Heppelmann: Well, I think we definitely believe we’re going to hit the 20% overall growth. And I think it will take license growth in the 20-25% range you’re talking about - I’m sorry. More in the upper 30s range that you’re talking about. Now keep in mind we had 72% license growth last year in Windchill. So we see ourselves scaling back to sort of half the license growth rate we had the previous year, attributing some of that previous year license growth to economic recovery and soft comps from the previous year and so forth. So I think we feel like that 20% growth for Windchill this year is completely doable and we have the pipeline to support doing it.
Steve Koenig: Great. Thanks a lot Jim. Thanks Jeff.
Operator: Our next question is from Richard Davis of Canaccord.
Richard Davis: Thanks very much. So the question I have as much as I like talking about accounting is by my reckoning if you barely allocate expenses to CAD and PLM Windchill is somewhere between I guess breakeven and low single digit operating margins. And if you look at every other software company that generates, if you cut your revenues roughly in half, $300-400 million, they all have 20% operating margins. So it’s awesome that Windchill’s growing but why are the margins low? How do they get better and when do they get up to industry average? And how do you think about that because if you’re able to pull that off then it could be an awfully interesting story here?
Jeff Glidden: So Richard, this is Jeff Glidden. We understand the question and where we really start with this is looking at the revenue growth and then the mix of product and services that are within that. And as we have articulated in many of these accounts and in our Windchill business, a large, significant portion of that revenue is services, which has a lower margin mix relative to license and maintenance. So I think there is both within existing accounts and over time we start with the heavy services mix. We watch license revenue grow at a more rapid rate. That will drive maintenance and as that overall mix improves that moves gross margins from today probably in the 60% range up into the 70% range itself. So that alone and I think that’s another piece of the way we manage the business, these strategic channel partners and other really consultants are an important piece of building that ecosystem to provide that level of service and support to our customers.  So I think you’ll see continued mix shift that is very favorable for us on the gross margin line. We’re also today as you know, investing significant amounts of money particularly in R&D to leap frog others with the Windchill program. As I’ve just said, those will moderate over time so you’ll see leverage on the operating expense side as well. The combination of that will put us into what I think will be industry targets for that Windchill business. So it’s both growth and gross margin expansion and operating margin expansion for the Windchill business.
Richard Davis: So is it fair or logical to conclude that the R&D payoff would be to more productize Windchill such that therefore future deployments whether that’s a year from now, two years or what have you, are less service intensive? In other words, you have to do less up front effort or is this a system that requires links to so many different back end systems that it’s unlikely that you can fully productize the business?
Jim Heppelmann: No. I think you’re exactly right. That’s exactly what we’ve been working on for some time now and continue to work on is try to eliminate or let’s say minimize the amount of services and customization work and so forth. It’s never going to go to zero. That’s impossible. But I think people think in terms of a multiplier from license to service revenue. That multiplier has dropped dramatically over the last few years. And we’re trying on a go forward basis to give a bigger portion of that services need to a services economy above and beyond PTC. You know, if you really go back to what Jeff said, it’s all about the mix in Windchill. And our goal is to grow license revenue the fastest and to sort of grow maintenance revenue at a pretty good clip as well and to actually throttle back the services growth. And again, two parts to throttling back. One is throttle back the demand and then number two is throttle up the supply of the third party ecosystem. And if we do that then as we grow we grow to an increasingly more interesting mix. And then you’ll also get some benefits of scale that the R&D as a percent of revenue for example can drop. And I think we’ll get some benefits of leadership, what I call economies of leadership, which means we’ll have shorter sales cycle, higher productivity, better pricing power - all those good things as well. So I think all that stuff together is really about fixing the mix and I think it’s going to make Windchill very interesting going forward.
Richard Davis: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan of Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks a lot. Jeff, I just wanted to go back just so I fully understand on the contract accounting, it sounds like you match revenues and costs over the remainder of the contract. But you took costs in excess of that in the first quarter. And I guess my question is does that imply that you actually have higher costs for fiscal ’11 than you would have previously expected because you effectively committed to say I don’t know, two years of R&D or three years of R&D and it’s getting stuck into fiscal ’11? Is that the right way to think about it?
Jeff Glidden: The first part on the accounting is correct. The second part is not correct. That is this is funded through our existing spending programs and plans. So it’s not we will not have incremental expense in the year. We’ll have some different pocketing of it. We’ll have more recorded in services and we’ll have a lower level of R&D over the course of the year. But it’s really a function of it’s already as Jim said, it’s baked into our expense plans. And therefore despite this impact in Q1 we’re comfortable with maintaining our EPS guidance for the balance of the year.
Ross MacMillan: Okay. That’s clear. Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Keep in mind that timeframe of performance for phase I is pretty short. So this is not a multi-year thing. It’s really a calendar year thing.
Ross MacMillan: And I just wanted to be clear on one other point in the contract. It didn’t sound - if this had not been contract accounting it didn’t sound like there was a material amount of license revenue associated with phase I. And so if it had been 97/2 accounting would there be much delta let’s say to the license revenue taken in the first quarter?
Jeff Glidden: We didn’t break that out and we won’t. I’ll just say it’s a small amount of license revenue in the phase I, which will be followed by significant amounts of license revenue as we anticipate in phases II and III.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. Had that happened, we would have had a little more license revenue and we would add 3-4 cents more EPS this quarter. And we’d have had higher services margins and all that type of stuff.
Ross MacMillan: That’s great. And then could you just remind us of the phasing on Creo? There are I think as you move to the new product introduction there are two elements. Can you just remind us A, when we should expect to see those two elements and B, if you will, can you explain those two elements and how they kind of relate to let’s say the existing install base today? Is the second phase for example really all incremental new functionality and phase I is really going to satisfy if you will an upgrade path for the majority of the base? Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. So actually we talked about before key capabilities, any mode modeling, any data as options, any roll outs and what’s the other one - any bottom assembly. So three of those are sort of meat and potato things that have much meaning for everybody. Those three are in the first release, which remains scheduled for the June timeframe so Q3. The next thing, the any bottom assembly, this is a more sophisticated concept that requires changes to Pro-E, Creo and to Windchill as well to change the way the two together do assembly model. And so this is in the phase II release, which is a bit further out. But it’s also not something that will have an immediate impact anyway because it’s a more compelling but bigger change for a company to make. So I think if you’re thinking about it from a revenue standpoint, that really comes down to our release 1 in the June timeframe. That’s what 98% of the customers plan to upgrade to, etcetera or anyway that they’re excited about let’s say.
Ross MacMillan: That’s very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Rose of Battle Road Research.
Ben Rose: Good morning. Just a couple of quick questions - Jim, what is your sense of how long the first phase will last with HKMC? I’m sorry if you did mention that. I didn’t catch that. And also could you give us a sense of how other verticals look to you over the next six to nine months ex automotive?
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. So the first one is easy. That’s essentially a calendar year contract. I mean that’s not contract but a calendar year plan that we have with HKMC. So if we execute per the plan it’ll be wrapping up come January of 2012. On the second question about the verticals I mean you guys can help me here because it’s just anecdotal information I would have. If I think where have we seen a lot of strength, two areas stand out for me kind of looking back at the past few quarters. One is automotive. In fact, I think we had 27% total revenue growth in the automotive vertical in 2010 over 2009. That’s surprising to everybody. And it probably is superior to either of our competitors who would call that their home field advantage and that’s before the HKMC win. So I think that’s one. The second is retail. We’re seeing a lot of these big box style retail companies buying PLM and PTC has an exceptionally high win rate in that vertical. And there is a lot of green field opportunity so we’re seeing a tremendous amount of activity in that vertical. That said, I don’t see any of them as being laggards. I just see all of them as feeling pretty healthy and two of them sort of being more outstanding than that.
Ben Rose: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Andrew Kaplan of Deutsche Bank.
Andrew Kaplan: Hi. Congratulations on the Hyundai win. That’s a huge win. Just a quick question on that - you said it’s a one-year execution basically. The plan is to execute their changes that they’re requesting within a year. Can you shed some light on the economics if you don’t execute within that timeframe? That’s my first question. Second question is you took a $57 million decrease in cash position because of a litigation settlement. Any other large looming litigations that are out there that you can comment on?
Jeff Glidden: Okay. So this is Jeff. I’ll just speak to the Hyundai program. This is just phase I so there are some incentives and some contract clauses that we really need to execute and deliver this in the year. We expect this. We’ll get that done and we’re accounting for it as such. The real key for us is not any issues on this side on phase I. It’s about how do we get to phase II and phase III because this is like an iceberg. We see what we see in phase I, which is a small deployment and maybe a few hundred seats of Windchill. Over time we think this is thousands of seats of Windchill and so that really represents the opportunity. So I think the vast majority of the opportunity is ahead of us with tremendous upside as we go forward on this. Your second question was litigation. We have put this behind us. The good thing having and by the way it was $48 million was the net effect of that litigation settlement. I think that’s behind us and that’s a good thing. I’d reiterate that we expect very strong growth in cash in Q2 as well as the balance of the year and there are no - we fully disclose any risks or litigation out there and I think this settlement is terrific to have behind us and there is nothing else of that ilk ahead of us.
Andrew Kaplan: Thank you.
Operator: At this time there are no other questions.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. Great. Well, that’s been a lot of good discussion and I’m confident actually through the discussion here that you guys see the HKMC win for what it is, which is a tremendous victory with some very short-term accounting discussion. But soon enough that will be behind us and PTC will continue to execute what I think looks like a great year. And I think that’s the second great year in a five-year great program and we’re well on track for both of them. So I’d like to thank everybody for joining us and well look forward to talking to you all in about 90 more days. Thanks a lot.  
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. You may disconnect your phones at this time.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to PTC’s fourth quarter fiscal year 2010 results conference call. After brief comments by management, we will go directly into the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Kristian Talvitie, PTC’s Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Kristian Talvitie: Great, thank you. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Before we get started, I wanted to quickly cover a couple of housekeeping items. First, as you hopefully all know by now we’re hosting a live event in Boston tomorrow to unveil our Project Lighting strategy. This promises to be a pretty exciting event so please register on ptc.com to attend the live virtual event, which starts at 10:00 a.m. Easter tomorrow. Second, as you also hopefully all know, we are having our fiscal 2011 Investor Day next week on Wednesday, November 3 in Manhattan at the Nasdaq market sight. The event will last from 9:30 to about 3:30 Eastern Time and it include presentations from management as well as some customers, as we share our longer-term business strategies from key product platforms and talk in more detail about our 2011 targets and financial model. If you haven’t registered already please contract me or Kristian to do so. With that moving on to the Safe Harbor language, this call in Q-&-A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC’s products or anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumptions of PTC’s management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC’s most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q on filed with the SEC. All financial measures on this call are non-GAAP financial measures; a reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measures is located in the prepared remarks document on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com. Participating on today’s call are Jim Heppelmann, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Glidden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Barry Cohen, Executive Vice President of Strategy. With that I will turn the call over to Jim.
James Heppelmann: Thank you, Kristian. Good morning. I am very excited to be joining you here today, on my first earnings call as the company’s new CEO and though I am the new CEO, I think most of will recognize that I am not really a new voice on the call and in fact many of you have known me for years already. So, just quickly recap my background for those of you who maybe know. I’ve been with PTC for about 13 years since I was choired into the company in 1998 as the Founder and Leader of the Windchill Technology Company. I stayed with PTC following that acquisition and then for most of the decades it followed. I was the head of product development and strategic marketing functions at PTC. You may remember that this was the time, during which we completely reinvented our strategy and our product portfolio, and remerged as the technology leader, which is an accomplishment that, naturally I am very proud. So, during my time here, I have also invested much of my time in the sales process and with the customers. So, I feel that with the combination of background, I’ve had a chance to learn the business very well and to learn it from several different perspectives. I had a great opportunity to help steer the company in the time I’ve been here and feel that I’ve been a key driver in efforts to reshape the CAD Company of the 1990s, into the growing enterprise solutions company that we have today. Then finally, I was probably one of the most thoughtful succession plans I am aware of, I joined the Board in 2008. I became President and Chief Operating Officer in 2009 and now I am taking the helmet [ph] of CEO going into fiscal 2011. So I have to say it’s a really exciting time to take over, the company is in a good position today and I think we have a legitimate opportunity to make this one of the great stories in the tech industry going forward. So looking back at fiscal 2010, I think the year will go down in the record books as a terrific accomplishment. Let me first remind you that we begin the year with guidance of $980 million in revenue and $0.96 in EPS. That goal represented 4% revenue growth, which we based on an assumption of 20% license growth, which many people including some on the calls thought was far too aggressive at the time. But throughout the course of the year, the business kept getting stronger and we raised our revenue and EPS target. We ultimately ended the year at $1.10 billion in revenues and $1 in earnings per share. That represents 8% of revenue growth based on nearly 40% license growth which I think ranks us amongst the strongest growth companies in the software industry right now. The 25% earnings growth result readily surpassed our original goal of 20% and you will remember that along the way we made significant new investments to position the company for growth in FY 2011 and beyond. So, if you think about it, while 2010 was a great year in retrospect. We actually had a lot of challenges that held us back from an even greater potential. Let me talk about a few of them. So first, if you look at how we segment the business, our license revenue was strong, but our service and maintenance business actually declined slightly in 2010. Our enterprise business was strong, but on the other hand our desktop business wasn’t. Our direct sales force did exceptionally well, but our reseller business was held back by the economy. And then regionally, North America and China in particular were strong, but Europe, Japan and parts of the Pac Rim really were not. So well, 2010 was a pretty good year, in some ways it felt like we had an eight cylinder engine with only four spark plugs firing. But during the course of the year all of these trends have been improving steadily and now it feels like the business is strong on all fronts as we transition into FY 2011. For example, if you go into the fiscal fourth quarter results, you will notice that license, service and maintenance lines of business all grow. Enterprise and desktop segments both grow and I think some eye-popping license growth numbers in the desktop business. The direct sales business did well and the reseller business did very well again with some pretty large license growth numbers. And then North America, Europe, Japan, and the Pac Rim all grow. So, if I would use the baseball analogy, I’m not sure it’s a perfect game, but it’s certainly was a shutout if we reflect on kind of some of the results. So right now it feels like everything is starting to work, clearly we have a lot of sales and revenue momentum right now as we head into fiscal 2011, but so did they pile on. Fiscal 2011 will be the biggest new product year the company has ever had and by some distance. So let me take you through some of the highlights. So, our Windchill product line, which is already recognized now as the clear leader in PLM. We’ll see the biggest single release we’ve ever produced in the Windchill product portfolio when we shift Windchill 10 in the second quarter of fiscal 2011. And then our Pro/ENGINEER and CoCreate businesses are going to under go a compelling reinvention when we launch our lighting initiative publicly tomorrow. We feel that this initiative is the single biggest innovation in CAD technologies since our founder Sam Geisberg brought Pro/ENGINEER to the market in 1987. Moving on to Arbortext, we recently positioned our Arbortext business to make it more strategic to our customers, by thinking about it as way to produce service information rather than a way to produce documentation, and that’s settled but important and we can elaborate it on it next week. But we have some important releases that sort of estimate that concept in place and we think that this new service information system approach, has unlocked a pretty strong growth rate and it’s really raised our internal views quite a bit on the growth opportunity associated with Arbortext. We’re going to have a customer at our event next week who’s going to elaborate on this in some detail. I think you’ll find it pretty interesting. Moving on to Relex, our Relex line of reliabilities software, which has a tremendous amount of momentum giving some of the high profile failure products in the market, the shut off valve on the ocean floor that didn’t shut off, the automotive recalls and so forth. So that business has a lot of momentum right now and we just shift a big release called Relex 2011 in the last few weeks. Then InSight, which is these new products we’ve been developing and acquiring into, which deals with product analytics is going to have a pretty important, very significant new release. It’s going to establish, basically a new architecture platform, but as the product across the analytics and carbon footprint life cycle analysis to the platform we already have for environmental analytics for companies that are bound by hazardous material regulations, which by the ways almost all of them. So there is a lot of good stuff, a lot of good momentum in the business and unbelievable product line upcoming in fiscal 2011. Obviously, we remained concerned about the economy, we read same the newspapers you read, but with all this momentum we do have an increased level of confidence going into fiscal 2011. And as a result of that, we raised our revenue guidance to 10% to 12% and we raised our EPS guidance to 20% to 25% at a constant currency level relative to last year. So, Jeff, going to elaborate on that shortly, but I am looking forward again to sharing this type of the information in more details with many of you live next Wednesday at our Investor Day in New York. So it will be a great opportunity for you to get a deeper look at the factors that are driving our momentum. So, finally and in closing I’d like to say, I am very honored and pleased to have successfully recruited Jeff Glidden to be our new Chief Financial Officer. I have said on some earlier calls, that we have a lot of interest in the CFO position during our recruiting process and I thought we would get an opportunity to have our pick of the litter. Basically that’s how I think the situation played out, when we found Jeff we found an incredible enterprise software experience base, we found someone who has a great track record in history of helping companies like ours unlock shareholder value. I would have to say in just few short weeks, that Jeff’s been here we’ve already seen what a big difference he can make. And I am very please to add him to what I think is already a very strong management team. So with that I would like to turn it over to Jeff, and he has a few words to offer as well. Jeff.
Jeff Glidden: Thank you, Jim. I’m very, very pleased to join the PTC team. As you know, I’ve joined the company on September 27 for the last of the fiscal year. This timing was important as I wanted to be fully immersed in on board as we closed out the fiscal year. By the way, the veteran CFO, I know that no one can explain what the year end really is about. CFO must live it to understand all the energy issues and opportunities. That said, our sales, legal and finance teams performed very well and we delivered strong results for the quarter in the year. In my role as CFO, our fundamental goal is to build value for our shareholders, our customers and our employees. We will reveal all our investments plans and priorities with the goal of building long-term value. To these ends, you should expect an increase focus in drive on business planning, profit planning, cash and cash flow. As Jim highlighted, we had a very strong finish to the year and I’ll provide a brief overview of the results for the year and the key business drivers. Our business has always been impacted by a number of significant and large customers. In Q4, we had a record 28 customers that generated $59 million in license and service revenue. For the year, we have seven deals which represented $187 million in revenue. The good news is that we are significantly growing a large base of the annuity accounts. The close rates and quality of these deals has been excellent and I would add that the strength and sales momentum of year end has continued and we’re off to a good start for the new year. A second, key highlight of the year, it’s been the growth of our maintenance business. This business has been flat at approximately $490 million for two years and returned to growth in Q4 with revenues of $125 million. And perhaps the most important metric in our maintenance business is active seats. We ended the year with more than 1.2 million seats up over 20% year-over-year. For the full year, revenue totaled $1.10 billion, our non-GAAP operating profit increased 30% to $158 million. This represents an operating margin of 15.6%, which is up 270 basis points from 2009. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased 25% to $1, we generated $157 million in cash flow from operations and we ended the year with $240 million cash and no long-term debt. So, overall, a very good year for PTC. Before moving to guidance for 2011, I will address two one-time items that are included in our year end results. One, a tax structured reorganization that was completed in Q4, and two, the resolution of the GE, Japan litigation that has been addressed in Q1 of FY ’11. During Q4 we completed a reorganization of a legal entity structure to support our tax and cash planning. As you know, PTC has significant amounts of cash regard a international operation and the clear benefit of this reorganization has been to enable significant redeployment and repatriation of cash between our domestic and international operations. While this reorganization has resulted in a one time increase in our FY 2010 GAAP tax rate to 70%, it has no effect on cash taxes paid and no effect on our non-GAAP tax rate. Based upon this reorganization we also expect the company’s effective tax rate for both GAAP and non-GAAP to be approximately 25% for 2011 and for the next several years. I’m also pleased to share with you that in October we resolved the litigation brought against us by GE Japan, which is been pending for more than three years. As you recall in the fall of 2007, PTC established a reserve for customer advances of 4.7 billion Yen approximately $57 million in US currency as of October 2010, related to certain transactions involving in employee of Toshiba Corporation. During the litigation it became evidence that the Toshiba Corporation was engaged in the scheme depriving both GE and PTC. This individual now a former employee of Toshiba has been convicted a fraud and is now serving a prison term. It also became evidence that PTC have been paid with funds that this Toshiba employee had obtained fraudulently from GE. As a result of this resolution with GE Japan and in October PTC have recorded a GAAP benefit of $9 million and paid around amounts received from these transactions back to GE Japan a net cash payment by PTC of $48 million. As a result of this resolution GE has assigned any direct recovery to PTC. We are also very pleased to end this issues resolved, the future liability cleared and to put this uncertainly behind us. I will close my remarks with some comments related to our FY 2011 guidance. Looking first at our expectations for 2011, we see continued growth in our growth, we’re raising a full year revenue targets to a range of $1.110 million, to $1.130 million, for growth of 10% to 12%. While we are continuing to invest in increasing our sales capacity in funding new product development, we also planned to increase our operating margins from 15.6% in FY ‘10 to 17% to 18% in FY ’11. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be $1.20 to $1.25. I’d add that estimates are based on an exchange rate of $1.37 US to the Euro, which is our simple average rate for 2010. So this is essentially a constant currency comparer. For Q1 we expect revenue to be $255 million to $265 million with non-GAAP EPS of $0.22 to $0.26. The guidance for Q1 includes continued investment to expand sales capacity and to launching new products like lightening tomorrow. In summary, we just completed a very successful year and while we’re tempered by the economic outlook we expect continued growth and margin expansion in 2011. I look forward to seeing you all next week at our Investor Day and we’ll now open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Richard Davis with Canaccord Genuity.
Richard Davis: Thanks very much. Some of the areas that we think, it will be big is this, something called kind of collaboration as a service and frankly Windchill fits dead into that space. So the question, I think we heard from some investors is, can or do you intend or how much is currently kind of in the cloud and what are the dynamics to do that because putting into cloud gives you operating leverage et cetera, but there is also the pushback socially form some companies et cetera. But if you could talk about that because to me that seems like a really interesting longer-term strategy that you guys could execute on.
Jim Heppelmann: Hey, Richard, it’s Jim. Do you think we ort to contact [Inaudible] way and see how he does with it [Multiple Speakers]? So, I think the interesting thing is that Windchill is ready, we began the sort of offer a cloud version of Windchill some years ago, I think we’re probably ahead of our time, if I reflect on that situation today and then think about tomorrow, I’d say a large amount of Windchill’s appointments go into a private cloud today. That is the data center field with virtualized hardware and so forth. The classic private cloud is very important to our business. I think it’s really sort of an emotional issue that people have been a little afraid if you will to collaborate with such critical product design IP in sort of public calls if you want to call them at, but I think at some point of time that emotional issue will breakthrough and we’re in a good position. The business we started originally, we went through a transaction to get to a very close partner wise who does the hosting. So, we have a cloud ready solution ready to go and the technology that supports the multi tenant sheared secure architecture. So, we’re in a good position like I said probably out ahead of it a bit, but definitely the private cloud is important in the public cloud to your point may become important going forward.
Richard Davis: Perfect. Thank you very much .
Operator: Steve Koenig with Longbow Research.
Steven Koenig: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. I guess my main question would be, just looking at guidance for Q1. Your revenue guidance kind of bracketed these expectations. Your earnings guidance was a little away and so I’m wondering what’s, what did the analyst get wrong? What would we get wrong in terms of that guidance and whether the sales team hiring were the marred increases in the year? What’s pressuring the Q1 EPS?
Jeff Glidden: Yes, so Steve, I’ll make this [Inaudible], I’ll just make two comments. Just recall that last year we had about some very significant large deals, maybe $20 million of large deals so when you look at the year-over-year growth without forecasting large deals, we are probably 10% to 12% growth. So I think the revenue numbers are pretty solid and as I said we’re up for a pretty good start. I think on the extent side is probably just a flow within the year. We are making front end investments in both sales capacity and in launching some of these new products. So I think those are the two areas and I think, we are, we believe those are the right investment and feel very comfortable with what those will bring us later in the year.
Jim Heppelmann: Steve, its Jim, maybe just a sort of to you question. What did you get wrong? I mean, I think generally speaking PTC’s internal view of our annual revenue has a bigger hockey stick and than most analyst models show. And I think if we looked at back at history, we’d see that year after year after year. I think the good news is we maybe making some progress in muting that. For us to come out with guidance for Q1 that’s nearly flat with a pretty darn good Q4, it is a new trend. That’s what happened last year on the strength of some huge deals, but that’s what our guidance to again this year. And in the time, I’ve been here; we used to look at a significant drop from Q4 to Q1 and now we are looking at guidance is almost flat. I think that’s a pretty good trend.
Steven Koenig: And then just on that point if I could follow-up with one quick one is. Are you starting the quarter with some big deals in the bag? What gives you the confidence in your visibility into Q1 to do that that was a pleasant surprise to see the revenue guidance, kind of flat or up year-on-year?
Jeff Glidden: Yes, and I would just comment that the finish of the year was very strong, just recognize Q4. July and August are usually quite particularly in Europe and Labor Day was late this year. So we were very busy in September, let me say that in a positive way, lot of activity and we closed just, a very, very strong book of business in the quarter and I think that momentum carried over. So, I think we have two or three significant deals that have already closed and shipped in Q1. So, I think the momentum that we saw at the end of the year, the activity, the confidence of the sales team and really buying patterns of the customers had continued to be strong as we enter the quarter.
Jim Heppelmann: And maybe just elaborate to a second level on that, particularly if you look at our Windchill business, what happened with our Windchill business was far more than economic bounces back last year, in fact I don’t have the exact numbers in front of me, but I think our Windchill revenue in 2008 was 406 and if I am correct in 2009, it retreated a little of 392, I am looking at Kristian here. But this year its substantially above FY ’09 or FY ’08 levels, and that’s 70% license growth in Windchill was not a bounce back, because it never drop 70% or any number even close to that. So, I think we are at a situation with that business has fundamental strength unrelated to the economy and these are long sales cycles, which in some ways long sale cycles, but did a fair amount of big deals predicting exactly when a deal is going to close is challenging, but at the same time you get a good long-term view of the pipeline, because these deals don’t just come out no where as bluebirds, you worked them for a long period time. We have an incredible pipeline, we are going to elaborate on that next week as well, but we have an incredible pipeline here of PLM business.
Steven Koenig: Thanks guys.
Operator: Sasa Zorovic with Janney Montgomery Scott
Sasa Zorovic: Yes, thank you. A couple of questions, my first one would be regarding any sort competitive changes that you have seen here for the quarter or you would sort of say that, has there been any kind of market share shift here or you thought of this more like an economy coming back. And then secondly would be specifically to products and sort of up here some of the maybe sort of slower start there. Obviously we have started seeing the acceleration towards the year end, what sort of the outlooks specifically there?
James Heppelmann: Okay, Jim here. So I think when we look at our results in 2010 in particularly at that 40% license growth, I always attributed to three factors. One factor is, the economy go better. Our second factor is; there is genuine strong interest in PLM, above and beyond economic bounce back. And the third factor is; PTC is taking more than our share of that strong interest and of that economic bounce back. So, its hard to know that these factors are equal, I suspect they probably are that as the economy reseeds maybe that one time economy improvement factor was started to dissipate, but we see no signs of the fundamental demand weakening and no signs of PTC’s market share graph dissipating. These are very strong factors, and I think that will continue growing forward. So, will we have 40% license growth next year? No. But I think our models says we’ll have something in the mid 20s which is suggesting that the economy was worth 15 points of that 40% license growth and that the other 25 is fundamental strength of business. On the section of our ProductPoints; though ProductPoints is an exciting product, I think we had a pretty good year with it. I read one little report this morning that said we hit our amended goal of 300, but missed our original goal of 400 wins. In fact, those are the same goal. We 100 followed by 300 more for a cumulative goal of 400. So, we hit all of the goal, just in case anybody is unclear on that point. I think we had a pretty good year ProductPoint, it’s certainly an important market share trends developing. I think, it’s a product’s starting with $0 in revenue and it takes a while for a product starting at zero to become meaningful, to say 1% level, 2% level. So it’s not yet that meaningful, but I’d say we’re very pleased with the trends; we’re very pleased with the products and the customer reaction to the product. We did have a good lower rate wax, SMB PLM performance in the quarter and some of that definitely was on the bags of ProductPoint. We’ve also seen the trend where ProductPoint’s a great door opener and then as we get in the real conversation, some amount of those ProductPoint campaigns turn in to Windchill proper campaigns, which is great, even better. So, I think we’re happy with the product and then I’d say is stay tuned because I think we’re probably two quarters away from pretty surprising announcement of our ProductPoint that we’re not quite ready to make here today.
Sasa Zorovic: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Michael Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Michael Olson: Thanks good morning. It sounds like for the most part of the business is tracking at or better than expected in all geographies, but under that context which geography would say is improving relatively slower than the rest? I guess, where as there still maybe some dry powders as that geography improves?
Jim Heppelmann: I’d say Japan probably is the place where we continue to feel like we have a lot of upside. Japan has stabilized. I don’t think we’re happy yet with the growth rate, but we have some impressive new management on the ground in Japan, probably, what, six months ago. We reorganized the way we do business in Japan. We have a Japanese president who manages the Japanese organization including sales, service, marketing and so forth. I think that’s important because it’s very difficult for American companies to do business in Japan the American way. And so I think we have a better leader and a better organizational model, which would help us there a lot. I’d say the other place is Europe, which is probably not been bad, but it’s lagged the recovered that we saw in North America and China. But I think our reported results in Q4 were 2% growth in Europe but on the constant currency basis it was 10. So, the Euro has been bouncing a little bit of place, but that’s a pretty good result to see 10% constant currency growth there. So, it feels like that one is starting to come around again.
Michael Olson: Okay, and then assuming the improvement in demand continued are there additional investment that you are going to need make in fiscal ‘11 as far as sales headcount or just other investment to capitalized on the momentum?
Jim Heppelmann: I think we have fiscal 2011 fully funded in our plant included sales capacity. When we got a head up plan in 2010, we took the sort of bold move of pre-funding the 2011 investments at mid-year 2010, which meant that those sales reps are just coming on board now, they generally are on board, they have been through training and they are out on sales calls on October first here. So, I think what you might see, if we got a head of plan again next may be we would start thinking about 2012, but I don’t feel like, I feel like 2011 at the plan and guidance we gave you is fully funded in our expense model.
Michael Olson: Thanks very much.
Operator: Blair Abernethy with Stifel Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy: Thank you, nice quarter guys. Just a question on your domino implementations, looking back now ’08 one wind over fiscal ‘09 six winds. Can you give us a sense as this backlog builds, would you give us some color on the stage of implementation of some of these early deals?
Jim Heppelmann: I would say most of them are early to mid stage. The earliest ones are mid stage meaning they’re probably in production, but we’ll expand from there, the more resent ones course, the one we just got early this quarter nothing is appreciably even started yet, but I think it takes a lot to implement this software and not just to implement the software but more importantly prepare the customer to work in a new set of business prophecies, right that take some time, it takes about a careful planning and holding. You got to make sure you got buy in of the business to work that new way et cetera. So I would say some of these dominos, let me back up for a minute, when we look at these dominos we gave you a model for how they monetize over time and they generally start with a small order pilot projects, pilot project becomes a production project, the production now we are nears to three or four it’s expanding into new business units and it’s expanding into new product programs et cetera, and it becomes a very long-term annuity. But when we reflect on the actual dominos we want probably three quarters of them follow that model and so much surprisingly one quarter of them have given up the big shopper or purchase order up front, which is fine to. That really locks them in and secures as big commitment to us. So again I’m not sure there is exactly an average domino and if they were the standard deviation would be large because some gave us big license order up front others that big license order maybe a year or more away from us. I’d say though on this whole domino topic this has been a very good program for PTC and I think with this community on the phone here to help you understand kind of what’s happening beneath the water line on that iceberg as we discussed that originally. I think over time we inside the company and we probably want to provide visibility to you we want to focus on the annuity streams we are getting from these customers, and we want to start thinking of, there are key assets is a portfolio of annuity account that are giving us revenue of greater than two million per year on a reliable basis greater than five, greater than 10 or greater than 20. And we’ll give you at our Investor Day next week a lit bit of our peak at what that portfolio currently looks like and I think over time a domino is very interesting because it represents competitive strength at the time you win it. But to the extent, it becomes an annuity at the $2 million, $million, $10 million or $20 million level, then it’s really interesting. And so we want to sort of little bit shift all of our collective attention to what this is annuity portfolio look like because the PTC is going to be a $1.6 billion in 2014 like we think we’re going to. It’s going to be on this bedrock of a growing list of annuity account and the account with in that list simultaneously growing themselves in terms of the revenue contribution, they’ve given to PTC. So I think we’re going to try to shift your attention a little bit overtime to this annuity discussion, but we won’t leave the domino discussion too quickly because I think it’s great indicator if you will of our competitive strength in the market.
Blair Abernethy: Okay, great, thanks very much.
Operator: Ross Macmillan with Jefferies & Company.
Ross Macmillan: Just a couple of questions. The first one just on your commentary around Q1, it’s sounds like you had the ability to maybe shift maybe one large domino deal, or maybe a sale in Q1, but an eight figure deal and that’s providing some of the confidence here for Q1. Is it fair to say that your starting Q1 in a stronger position from what’s being signed already relative say to the last year when your Q1 was obviously a very strong quarter relative to Q4.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay.
Jeff Glidden: You have any contact for last year
Jim Heppelmann: Let Jeff take these questions more over time, but what I’d say first of all I don’t personal think we have an eight figure deals in the prior, I’m not sure. So, no mega deal here that gives us this components, so the general business strength. I am trying to remember the exact timing, but last year in Q1 we had some nice deals coming early in the quarter two, which gave us confidence in Q1 and then subsequently we had some more big deals coming in if you remember, I think we over performed to that $220 million or something like that, which is almost 10% upside in our guidance last year. Keep that in mind by the way when you are evaluating whether or not our guidance is strong for Q1. As if we’re comparing ourselves to a 10% over performance here last year, and in the quarter last year. But, I think again, these deals are big, we have a lot of them in the pipeline, and it’s hard to project exactly when that close. I think at the end of every quarter we succeed in pulling some in from the next quarter. And then I feel leak out through the next quarter and at the end of day it probably cancel each other out and we’re sort out where we are. So, I don’t think that any of our guidance is based on, specific big deals is based on a big pipeline of strong business with growing demand.
Ross Macmillan: That’s a great color, thank you. And then just one other one, just so I understand the merit increase that was implemented in Q4 was that already decided at the time of setting guidance or was that something that you implemented subsequently, such that, in effect, you managed to basically deliver the revenues X that merit increase on a lower cost base. I am just trying to understand when that decision is made.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, it was sort of, it was not really baked in our guidance. Let me try to explain what we did here. First, why we did it, last year when they started the year, we had a pretty conservative view of where the economy was and so forth and wanting to make sure we had our 20% earnings growth, we said sorry that would be no merit increase for employees, which seems, to be frankly you, added $0.04 of earnings to our mark, but it came out the package of our employees. Just to fast forward, we gave $0.01 back. Then as we got into the year, things started looking good and of course our employees were saying hey what about us, and we began to believe that if we over perform and then some first chuck of that over performance, needs to go back to our employees, to make them to whole or at least partially whole, we are really talking partially whole. So our model was, there will be no merit until such time as we can pay it and remain at or above the dollars here. So from that standpoint it wasn’t been our guidance, if we would have been at $0.99 or just a $1 without the merit payment or the profit shares I think we call that, there would have been no profit share. Obviously, we did better than that such that we could pay the profit share and still remain at a $1, so my view and you can reverse the engineers that we over performed, but when back in fixed and then equity from a prior time.
Barry Cohen: It’s Barry, I mean there is one modification, one Q4 was not a merit it was a spot owners based on over performance that we shared, it’s not a cross that we’re carrying forward and next year we do have a merit goes in to the plan and in the guidance and that’s already baked in and we will, we do not anticipate any spot owners in the coming year at all.
Jim Heppelmann: Let’s just elaborate on this a little more, because I think it’s important. Because people want to make sure that when we over perform some respectable amount of it falls though. So what happen a couple of times in this bad economy period as we did not pay a merit and then I think at least two or may be three of the last four years we paid a spot bonus because we actually did better than we thought we would, when we took the merit away. But what we also did as we said hey, let’s go back to the drawing board on this whole merit program and think about it differently. Lets start treating it not as fixed cost, but as a cost that’s part fixed and part variable. So I can tell you that there will be no discretionary profit share bonus paid next year, because next year it’s in the plan and we will accrue for it. And if we over perform then any profit share will be accrued for in the numbers that we are posting. We didn’t have that program last year, we took it away and then over perform, so we thought we had to give it back. Next year this need not be a discretionary decision because it’s all careful planned for in the cost reduction.
Ross Macmillan: That’s super, helpful thanks. And then one last one if I may, I am just curious Project Lightening you are going to talk about it tomorrow, but it sounds like the formal launch to GA if the product is still a bit away off, could you just help us understand that kind of interim period and what the plan is, is it educating customers or you still working through late stages of the beta program, if you could just provide some color, that will be great.
Jim Heppelmann: I don’t really want to give you all the big secrets from tomorrows lounge here today. But there is going to be some suppressing [inaudible] in what we announce tomorrow. And hopefully you will come to understand why we are announcing it at this period of time and we will be then in a good position to discuss it in some details as the Investor Day for those of you who also choose to participate in that. But just before I go into that let me back up a second, you know what I’m excited about, what I’m excited about is that Kristian showed me yesterday and it was in our notes here that industry analysts are not forecasting the CAD market to grow at an average of 6% for the next whole year, and that surprises me a little bit because I tough we had all pretty much given up on growth in the industry. So we though Lightning would help us post growth rates that were better in the industry bit we were sort of assuming that the industry growth rate is probably want that interesting. Now we think that’s still true but the industry growth rates suddenly look a lot more interesting. Now I’m not sure these analysts actually have a crystal ball but certainly there is a lot of optimism that there will be fundamental growth in the industry and I think we have lot optimism that on the backs of what we’re going to launch tomorrow, we are going to get more than a fair share of it. So if we do that that would have a material positive impact on everything we’re telling you in our long-term plan, because none of that’s really contemplated or even required to perform against the 20% earnings growth we’ve been taking to you about now for some time.
Ross Macmillan: Great. Thanks a lot. Good quarter, thank you.
Operator: Sterling Auty with JP Morgan.
Sterling Auty: Thanks. Let me actually start with Jeff. This is the first quarter, technically for both CEO and CFO. It’s pretty typical that the first quarter out of box, you take a conservative outlook in terms of guidance, but you’re actually raising the numbers. I’m kind of curious what you saw in terms of the forecast capability disturbing the pipeline that gave you the confidence. And then on the heels with that also, is there a strategy, kind of, for your first 100 days in office? You mentioned some of the focus points in terms of business planning, cash and cash flow. But maybe a little bit more color in terms of what your approach is in your first 100 days in office.
Jeff Glidden: Okay, Sterling. Thank you very much. I think being here at the end of the quarter, it was very important. Well I was only onboard for five days, as you know, I’ve got to sign-off on 10-K that represented 365 days. So, in that week, I probably did five weeks worth the work of going through all of the major deals, major accounts, et cetera. And for us and for me, everything starts with our customers. So, understanding the customers, the deals, the pipeline and so forth and I will just reiterate, I was very, very pleased with the way we closed the quarter and the momentum that continued in our ability and visibility into the business. So, I think as we see, I think Jim described it, the Q4 felt like a number of pieces of the business trend in a positive way and we expect that those will continue. So, I think the trends from Q4 and the year should continue in Q1. So we gave the guidance we did and while we had a headwind, if you will, from FX, we’ll probably now have a little bit of that shifting and we’re giving constant currency, so currency does affect us and that can be give us and take it away. So I just say, currently we have just sort of taken that off the table. It’s constant. In terms of my own approach, again, I started with customers, I think I’ll just, a couple of work stories. I think I’ve onboard an hour and a half and Jim came in to my office and said we have a large customer downstairs; I’d like you to meet them and so on my first day, I spend two hours with a large customer. I spent a good part of the week with our sales team. I met 1,100 new friends and drilled in to a lot of the accounts. So I feel very good about the market and customer perspectives, and some of the sales teams. So, I think the sales teams are excited. So, that feels good. I think the areas that we need to work on is really profitability and profit planning across the business and that relates to product line profitability, segment profitability and not in an accounting sense but in the way we look at our business, regional profitability. So, start measuring there and another one that’s Sterling, is near and dear to my heart is cash and cash flow. We have, I think a very strong cash position and a great cash flow story and I think we can do better. So, I would expect at the end of Q1, we should be able to and I should be able to give you a much crisper view of both the future in terms of margin expansion as well as cash and cash flow.
Jim Heppelmann: Hey Sterling, it’s Jim. Just a follow-on a little bit here. I had ample opportunity to interview Jeff and talk philosophy and everything else. It’s actually kind of refreshing when you hire someone because you spend a lot of time on quality topics that when you get busy, you don’t talk about it again for a while. But you all heard me, I hope by the time talked about my mantra of growth, leadership, efficiency and predictability. We want to be a growth company. We think we can and need and want to be a leader, not just a player, but a leader on the back of growth and leadership, we can drive huge amounts of efficiency, healthy, natural efficiency that translate into operating margin expansion. And then we want to be predictable and really have a good solid grasp of where our business is and where to go and so none is surprised. So I look at say, as the CEO, I will go on growth and leadership, that’s what I do. I am a vision guy, a customer guy, a strategy guy and I went out look for CFO who could really own efficiency and predictability. And that’s sort of the partnership I have with Jeff. Let me cover the front half, you cover the back half, we’ll meet in the middle and really build a great company and I think Jeff’s the perfect guy to go do that.
Jeff Glidden: And I just add and you introduced as the pick of the litter or the new guy, and hopefully I be the guy that deliver, Sterling.
Sterling Auty: Sounds good. Jim, on that growth idea. When you look at the PLM license revenue growth that you are looking for in 2011, can you give us a sense of how much of that you would expect to come from the existing domino deals that is already signed? Jim Heppelmann I have a good way to break that out, maybe third quarter, I don’t know. Clearly if you just think of the life cycle of the deal, winning the deal a large percentage of the time it’s not a big licensed event. One way to look at it is the real potential of those 19 annuities has hardly been tapped with exception of those who might have given us, the minority who might have given us something license to the up front. So, I think we want to keep adding dominos because they become the sort of long range annuity and we want to keep up selling the rest of them, but I am not sure I could put that in to a quantitative number for you just would be guessing.
Barry Cohen: One point, I think Barry, again here, is that the Dominos not only are source of annuity and growth, and we have a large and fuller base that accounts for our opportunity to grow our revenue going forward. So while we are emphasizing the Domino before its market shares implications, we don’t want anybody forget that we had a large same account program that produces a lot revenue and we’ll be part of our annuity program going forward.
Sterling Auty: Okay, and then last question, you touched upon a little bit in terms of the core CAD market in the 6% growth, but I am wondering qualitatively how much you’ve heard from customers. Now that Unigraphics have been in part of Siemens for a while now and looking at kind of the dynamics of investment in specially the mid to high end CAD, is there an opportunity that you are hearing from customers that, may be there is a potential upgrade or replacement cycle that might be in front of you?
James Heppelmann: Well, let me first say in the CAD industry if you take the [Inaudible] view and view it as mature industry one of things you concluded that the switching cost is so high that it’s very difficult for customers who become, just in franchisee switch anyway and therefore it’s very difficult to steal them and it’s very difficult to lose them. One of the biggest, mostly exciting breakthroughs I think we’re going to talk you about tomorrow is we think we have broken the back of the switching cost equation. We think we’re going to produce a product here than it’s very compelling and relatively easy to switch to. I think it not necessary going to be easier to switch from, because the other product won’t have this characteristic that ours has, its special. We’ll try to elaborate on that in some detail tomorrow, but if this works, as we think it well then we’re going to have CAD Dominos and I certainly don’t want to forecast that yet, and I would reiterate our hope out about 20% earnings growth doesn’t really require that, but if we are able to deliver on this initiative in a growing market and start taking share on top of that, its going to be a very exciting time.
Sterling Auty: Alright, great, thank you guys.
James Heppelmann: Okay, we have time, maybe one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Yun Kim with Gleacher
Yun Kim: Thank you. So first I’ll welcome Board Jeff and also to Jim as the new CEO.
Jeff Glidden: Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you.
Yun Kim: So on Project Lightening how important if you are current network for resellers for getting you product offering, do you feel that you need to make considerable investments in terms of expansion in training for the new product launch or are you going to be more focused on selling the product through your direct sales force initially?
Jim Heppelmann: No, I think, the resellers are very important and they are very excited by the way we have given them a preview at our sales and reseller kick offs, a week before last. So they are very important. I think if you go back to our core box we would characterize the reseller CAD business as a growth market, and we think this is going to help us significantly in that market because I talked earlier about switching cost. The real fundamental biggest break through here is usability and that that is all about usability in ease of years. So, our resellers are pretty excited about this. Now, our resellers have a certain amount of coverage and I think within that coverage, they’ll do well with this lightening strategy. If lightening becomes a strategy, they can start actually switching accounts then we’ll need more coverage. But, I think that’s a story that’ll play out over some period of time and we’ll have ample time to react to it and if we have to go recruit more resellers, because we don’t have an opportunity and displace auto works or audit those accounts, that would be a very good problem to have and we’ll cross that bridge when we get to it.
Yun Kim: Okay, great. And then Barry, I just want to make sure, with your guidance for fiscal year ’11 business. Has there been a change? Because I thought initially maybe you were looking at growing that business in the mid-teen for the year, but it looks like you got it for 10% growth. Is there something that I’m missing or I just miss something here?
Barry Cohen: You want to take that, Jeff?
Jeff Glidden: On the services business, I think we feel good about the growth in that. I will say one of the things we’ll focus on is efficiency and productivity in that, but I think the view currently is that’s a very important piece of the puzzle particularly as we deploy and basically, deploy the new products and technology. So, I think we feel good about the opportunity for growth there, and I will say there’s opportunity for efficiency and productivity as well and we’ll address all of those.
Barry Cohen: And I think the view really of the service business is greater than 12% growth going forward after 2011 and that the 2011 looks like about 10% to 12%. So we’re guiding a little conservative upon the 10%, but we expect that to be a solid double digit growth.
Yun Kim: Okay. Great and then lastly Barry, obviously with the business booming here, has lot of these large deal deployments with Domino accounts happening. Can you just talk about whether you’re getting more and more interest in large system inaugurators and can you just talk about just the overall status of your SI partnerships equity systems?
Barry Cohen: Yes, I can take that or Jim can take that, but I think that we’re seeing a lot more interest from the SIs and we’re targeting more and more accounts together than we ever did before. And we should, we will expect that that kinds of partnership in the eco system will grow in 2011 and beyond and both, yes, more interest and more pondering activity going on with the SIs.
Speaker: Okay, guys. So, I think we’re out of time here. But, thanks a lot of time here. Thanks a lot, a lot of good questions. Sort of in summary, it feels like we had a great Q4 that capped what in retrospect was a really great fiscal 2010, especially given sort of out though when we started the year versus where it actually ended. It feels we had pretty interesting situation right where we have most things working and a lot of momentum as we go in to next year, raise the guidance a little bit to reflect. But confident that we could have a pretty good year in fiscal 2011 and that might be the first of many that would follow. So just sort of in closing, I invite you to all tune-in tomorrow to the virtual launch of our Lightening Strategy and then of course, hopefully we’ll get you live and in person next week, at our Investor Day at the Nasdaq site New York. Okay.
Kristian Talvitie: Alright. Thanks a lot everybody.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for attending. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristian Talvitie – VP, Corporate Communications James Heppelmann – President and COO Cornelius Moses – CFO Barry Cohen – EVP, Strategic Services and Partners
Analysts: Michael Olson – Piper Jaffray Companies Ross MacMillan – Jeffries & Company, Inc. Ben Rose – Battle Road Research Sterling Auty – JP Morgan Chase & Co. Yun Kim – Gleacher & Company, Inc. Steven Koenig – Longbow Research LLC Blair Abernethy – Thomas Weisel Partners
Operator:
Kristian Talvitie:
James Heppelmann: All right. Thank you, Kristian, and good morning to everybody on the call. Based on the press released and the earnings transcripts, which we provided to you already, I think you’ll agree that we had a very solid Q3. We came in above our revised guidance both for revenue and for earnings, which we were pleased with. Naturally, this gives us a lot more confidence in our full year plan and we’re pretty confident in that billion dollars in revenue and a dollar in earnings. That would land us naturally at 25% earnings growth for the year, which of course is ahead of the 20% earnings growth long-term goal that we have, so we’d be sort of in the lean column for the first year on that, a little bit of upside. In the quarter, we had very strong PLM results again as well as some sort of renewed strength in the reseller segment and then the desktop business, which was good to see. But the most important thing, I think as we continue to see this market share expansion phenomenon continue in the PLM sector, we talked about landing two more of these big important Domino competitive win. One of them was this Continental Automotive account that we have a press release on yesterday or the day before. Continental was €20 billion in 2009, so it’s a very large company. This is a company, who had largely standardized on the (inaudible) and product line and we went through a comprehensive benchmarking process, proof of concept and then as a result of all that, the (inaudible) concluded a very significant order, which would be one of the large orders in the quarter. We also won another Domino account. I’m not yet able to disclose the name, but it’s a medical technology company. Again, that company is about $20 billion of revenue. This was an account that was somewhat brain field though; I will note the one PLM installation they did have was from Dassault. Again, a long comprehensive benchmark in process and PTC was elected the winner. So, if you add the two Dominos we secured in Q3 to the goal we had to the year, that puts us at 15th, which was our twice revise goal. I have a little piece of good news here this morning, which is we’ve already secured one more Domino account in Q4. This one is Target. Target, you’ll probably recognize as the $65 billion retailer, know very much sort of step the standards with private label products. Target is the case where they have an active installation of a competitor’s product. Now, they began to question whether or not that installation was providing adequate value. They went through a one-year comprehensive benchmarking process and at the end of that, decided to make a switch to PTC, which we’re very pleased about. So, the reason these Dominoes and the competitive displacements in general are so important is I think they’re just adding to our revenue growth abilities and I’ll remind you what we said before, is that today’s Domino is tomorrow’s annuity, and our ability to take these accounts and these wins and monetize them for years to come is really sort of the basis for the magnitude of the PLM business that we’re building. In the quarter, we also made some incremental investments for growth, in terms of sales capacity and a few other areas. We will continue to do that in Q4 for our plan. We told you in June, we were slowing that down a bit, just to cautious, I think we’re going back to our original plan based on where Q3 landed in their outlook for Q4. And then finally, one closing comment, I’d like to point out that the CEO transition is going well. Mr. Harrison is sitting here with us this morning and I’ll note for the record that his fontan’s (ph) is a little deeper than it is most summers at this point in time. So, with that, I’d like to turn it over to the operator and we’ll begin the Q&A process, thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question today comes from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Michael Olson – Piper Jaffray Companies: Hey, good morning. A couple of real quick ones here. You talked about direct America’s revenue is from the transcript in down due to timing of large deal closures, does that at all suggest that there’s some domestic deals that got push into the September quarter that closed later in the June quarter than you expect or just any detail that you can provide on the comment that was in the prepared remarks.
James Heppelmann: It’s Jim here. I think the challenge we have is something to remember back to June when bolt cutting hammer our head of sales, share (ph) is sort of a big deal pipeline and we have quite a bit of revenue coming for this big deal pipeline. It is very difficult to predict when a given order is going to land in this quarter or next quarter. I can tell you pretty confidently, none of these deals went away in North America, none of them got downsized. On one hand, there were some deals that we would have like to close in Q3, it became Q4 business. I’ll tell you on the other hand some Q4 business became Q3 business and when you netter it all out, we landed where we landed, which was a good place. So, I don’t think you should anything into that other than when you’re writing a sales cycle that’s 12 to 18 months – is it 12? Is it 15? Is it 18? That’s difficult to predict, when you’re sort of sitting their maybe at the 10th month mark, so that’s the difficulty. But I think the fundamental business in North America is very strong.
Michael Olson – Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay. And then as far as another kind of quote from the prepared remarks regarding the new CAD platform, Lightning. I realized you’re probably not wanting to give a ton of detail on that right now, but is that intended to be kind of the next upgrade of Pro/E or is it something totally different?
James Heppelmann: So, let me first say, to sot of introduce the Lightning subject a little bit on the call here. At our Customer User Group meeting in early June, we disclose an initiative with pretty vague details to be honest. But we feel people tune in on October 28th, because we’re going to tell you what we’re really doing and I’ll tell you the same thing that on October 28th, we’re going to disclose a lot more details. But suffice it to say that Lightning really is a next generation CAD platform that we think is very compelling, really will put us in a whole different competitive position and I’ll tell you will be fully upward compatible from an existing implementation of Pro/ENGINEER. It’s a lot more than the next revision of Pro/ENGINEER, but one of the things PTC learned, I think better than our competitors in the CAD’s basis, when you come out with something new that let you pickup with what you were working on yesterday and the older version, that’s compelling. So, we’re going to have that kind of capability and will be in the position as the big product cycle upgrade.
Michael Olson – Piper Jaffray Companies: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ross MacMillan with Jeffries & Company.
Ross MacMillan – Jeffries & Company, Inc.: Thanks. I guess the big question is just really on the inside or the fourth quarter guidance. You guys had talked about a billion of revenue at your analyst day in June since then you up sided Q3 and you’ve had a positive effect shift. So, keeping the billion dollars in price, lower than previously assumed revenue in Q4, could you just talk to how you approach Q4 guidance, whether you think you just baked in more conservatism because it seems like your business is strong and from your comments there, Jim, it sounded like there had really been no change in your view of the Q3, Q4 kind of mix. So, I’m just curious as to why the change on Q4. Thanks.
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean I think it’s important to take this all in the context of the year and the chronology of guidance we’ve given you and so forth. And I’ll state what I said back in June, which is at the beginning of the year, we forecasted 20% license growth and nobody believed it, then we took it to 30 to 35% and nobody believed it, then we took to 35 to 40% and nobody believed it. The incurrence you took a huge swing in the wrong direction and we said we’re going to fold it that 35 to 40% and I think at that point, maybe you’re starting to believe it. Now, we have a piece of good news with 3 million ahead with a quarter to go. Should we take up our guidance? It just gets back to the difficulty of projecting which deals were going to land in – and stuff, which quarter these deals are going to land in. And I think you could state as we now stand here with a billion in buck, there’s less risk in the billion in the buck than there would have in had we come in sort of at the consensus or somewhere else in the range we had given you.
Ross MacMillan – Jeffries & Company, Inc.: That makes sense. Just to be clear then, no real change in your view in either buying patterns or the demand that the conversations you’re having with customers about their willingness to move forward on projects.
James Heppelmann: Yes, no change whatsoever. And I’ll remind you that we’re in a pretty aggressive position already. So, we’re not saying it’s less attractive, we’re not saying it’s more attractive, we’re saying it’s equally attractive and we expect this trends to continue.
Ross MacMillan – Jeffries & Company, Inc.: That’s very helpful, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Rose with Battle Road Research.
Ben Rose – Battle Road Research: Good morning. Question on the 250 active competitive accounts that you’re pursuing. Jim, could you share with us any progress there, I know you talked about the two Domino accounts this quarter, but just by way of this other 250, if you can quantify any progress and whether it continues to be reviewed at Dassault is the most vulnerable of your competitors in that regard.
James Heppelmann: I think our view is shifting a little bit that Siemens is equally vulnerable because some of the Dominoes I’m talking about here with the Silicon (ph) and some were Siemens account and I think we’ve close in the business that we’ve already transacted and then the business we are pursuing right now. That’s kind of an equal mix of Siemens and Dassault displacement and we’re making great progress that’s all I can say. I think the point we made before which I know you’re curious about, we think that the strength of our business right now comes from three factors, one is the economy is better, better than it was. It may not be perfect, but it’s certainly better than it was in 2009 and companies are spending money again. The second thing is PLM is a sector that people are choosing to make investments in. So, there’s some natural growth into marketplace right now, and then the third things is we’re taking a lot of market share. We’re taking our natural growth and a big chunk of Siemens and Dassault natural growth as well. When you add those three factors together, that’s how you get to the sort of the 38% license growth number that we’ve been forecasting. I think when you roll into next year; the economy will be different because we’ll have suffered comps. We’ll be comparing a somewhat better economy to a somewhat better economy, hopefully, and that one factor will go away. But the other two, which is investment in this area and market share grab, will continue forward and I think with our pretty license growth and overall revenue growth going into the airplay level as well.
Operator: And next is Sterling Auty with JP Morgan Chase.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Yes. Thanks. Okay, a couple of questions. First on the Domino deals, can you give a sense as to what kind of revenue contribution you’re getting out of the existing meaning we’ve talked about how the Domino deal should ramp up into that annuity phase, can you give us a sense as to how that growth in the annuity contribution looks at this point.
Cornelius Moses: Sure. Sterling, it’s Neil. One thing that we track and I think that we’ll talk more about as we head into next year is not just a number of Dominoes one but also kind of the annuity characteristics of those Dominoes. I think we’ve talked about that a little bit at our June user event, but I think we’d like to provide some more visibility to that information. What I can tell you is that when we started down this path over a year ago, but starting this year Domino has represented really, that’s been 5% of PTC’s revenue in aggregate and today, if you look they represent that just under 10% of PTC (inaudible). So, basically, they’ve doubled as the percentage of our revenue in the past 12 months, and we expect that trend to continue.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan Chase & Co.: All right, great. And then you mentioned adding sales teams, can you define for us what is a sales team? So, what should we expect in terms total head count increase as you add the additional teams?
James Heppelmann: Yes. I mean let’s just say on average or as a proxy, if there’s a little bit. But as a proxy, you could say a sales rep, an application engineer, technical specialist and then a business that (inaudible) manager, business development would be the person that’s putting together sort of the financial case or how these technology is going to help the company save money and so forth. It’s the business advantage (ph) that’s going to create. Those aren’t always on a 1:1:1 basis, so it’s not exactly like that, but just simply put sort of a 3:1 ratio, if we hire 30 teams. We’re probably talking 90 people more or less.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Okay. And then on the CAD side, I’m going to try from a different angle. In terms of the new solution that you’re talking about is it changing some of the core design functionality within the program or is it some of the ancillary extensions of what the program can do that you’re looking at the new version?
James Heppelmann: I think it’s a radical new idea that nobody thought of, developed or delivered before. It saw some great big problems that very much worth solving. It changes some paradigm around things like usability and switching CADs and so forth, and you can upgrade through it seamlessly from your credit Pro/ENGINEER installation.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan Chase & Co.: And do you think that you could –
Unidentified Company Speaker: (Inaudible) customers that they’ve been like a scion.
James Heppelmann: I mean yes, astonishing is a sort of adjective we’ve seen used a couple of times by customers when we taken them inside and given them a sneak peek at it. So, be patient. I can tell you, I’m super excited about it. I think the rest of the company is really buzzing about it, but we’re not quite ready to do the full disclosure, but we’ll do that like so.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Okay, thank you.
James Heppelmann: Let me just jump to the punch line though, the punch line is we’re not going to project this here in this call or give guidance, but we think this could change the fortunes of our desktop business and put it back on a growth vector.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And next is Yun Kim with Gleacher.
Yun Kim – Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Thank you. A question for Barry, with you expecting very strong salivation in the consulting business in fiscal year ‘11, do you expect to see some margin pressure of you and head count to meet demand or do you think there’s enough capacity right now to ramp without hurting the margins?
Barry Cohen: Well, I think that a little bit like a company and Jim’s plan for like 13 and one, revenue growth and margin expansion. I think we could’ve have seen a greater margin expansion next year, if we weren’t investing particularly in the Domino, so we see 15 (ph) growth next year and also to margin expansion for us and services.
Cornelius Moses: Yes, just to add to Barry’s point. This is Neil. One of the things that we’re also excited about is when we think about our services and maintenance businesses, I think we’ve spoken before about the hangover effect of last year’s license revenue performance being a drag on both those businesses in 2010. Actually, in the fourth quarter, we’re expecting the Turbine (ph) business to cross the threshold and begin growing again and then again in FY ‘11 in a very significant way. But in the fourth quarter, we expect the services business to be up both on a constant currency basis and on an absolute basis and we expect our maintenance business to be up on a constant currency basis as well. So, that tide is starting to turn and that’s I think a good omen for 2011.
Yun Kim – Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Okay, great, and just kind of sticking with the most popular theme in this quarter’s earnings season, what are you guys seeing out there and you roll up in second half of the year, or chart calendar second half of the year for you guys. Thanks.
Cornelius Moses: Just the terms of revenue performance?
Yun Kim – Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Yes. Just in terms of overall visibility. This is the overall sales environment.
Cornelius Moses: Yes. I would say that we actually reviewed our pipeline yesterday and the sales pipeline continues to looks strong. I think are feeling on the economy is definitely improving. We hope it continues to do so. But certainly we’re not hitting on all cylinders yet. But I think we feel good about the pipeline and the opportunity to deliver the types of numbers that we talked about in the prepared remarks for fiscal year ‘11. One thing I’d like to point out though is that – I’d like to remind everyone that the first quarter of this fiscal year, fiscal ‘10 was a blowout quarter for PTC, and that typically are smallest quarter of the year in terms of revenue. So, when you think about your models for next year, think about kind of a more normalized Q1, but still with a growth characteristics that we talked about roughly 20% license growth, services growth in the mid-teens and maintenance growth in the mid-single digits kind of constant currency basis.
Yun Kim – Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. And finally Neil, any update on the CFO search?
Cornelius Moses: I’m not sure I’m the right guy to ask. I think I’ll turn it over to Jim.
James Heppelmann: Yes, I think the search is going well. We’re sort of through the process, identifying the list of candidates we want to talk through or talk to and we’re halfway through the process to talking to those people, at least two candidates that I wouldn’t mind hiring right now, but we’re going to keep going to the rest of the list and then back up and analyzing, and decide overall who’s the best bet for it. I think it’s going well and we’re going to land a world-class CFO.
Yun Kim – Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And next is Steve Koenig with Longbow Research.
Steven Koenig – Longbow Research LLC: Good morning. How you guys are doing?
James Heppelmann: Good.
Cornelius Moses: Good.
Steven Koenig – Longbow Research LLC: A couple of questions for you. First one I’d like to dig in to Q3 a little bit, as usual lots of great data in the prepared remarks, maybe just a few other things, I would love to get a little more granularity on. One question would be linearity in the quarter and how to close rates to load up. Another question would be indirect revenues, you had good SMB CAD license year on year growth. Indirect revenues were kind of flattish or – it’s been a little weak sequentially for a couple of quarters, when might that turnaround? Then a couple more questions on the quarter and then will let be on that.
Cornelius Moses: Well, I’ll jump in and take the SMB comment and then Jim, maybe you want to talk a little about linearity. I think what we’re seeing in the SMB business is that this is a slower to recover, no question. We are seeing year on year growth both license revenue and total revenue, so that’s good news. I’ll be at relatively small growth at this point. So, we think that trend is going to continue in the SMB marketplace and we’ll see stronger growth next year, and it’s just going to take a few more quarters so that this does gets back to where it should be, I think it’s the answer.
James Heppelmann: Yes. On the linearity thing, we have a bit of a hockey stick within the quarter, and then we certainly have our hockey stick within the year and I would say the macro forces are pushing towards a bigger hockey stick particularly within the year and by that I mean more and more of our revenue is coming from enterprise deals. Enterprise deals are getting bigger, we’ve seen. We’ll probably do, by the way, the four biggest licensed transactions we’ve ever done the top four this year and the Windchill business. So, there’s a macro external forces that are trying to make an even bigger hockey stick and then I’ll tell you there’s some internal programs that PTC was trying to mitigate that and smooth it back out. So, I think from a linearity standpoint, we’re going to continue to see the situation probably be as is in the short-term with this hockey stick in the quarter and in the year. We’re going to work on and we have some ideas and programs before to place to try to manage that better, but it stopped because the customers are part of the problem here.
Steven Koenig – Longbow Research LLC: Okay, and Jim, maybe one more question about the quarter and then I just want to move to next year. On the quarter, any $5 million deals and then secondly, looks like non-large deals are having to really carry the day. It was up pretty nicely from Q1 and Q2, so any color on the modules and upgrades business?
James Heppelmann: I’ll hit the first part of that. There was one deal greater than 5 million. I don’t specifically know about the module business, maybe you have that there.
Cornelius Moses: Yes. The module business, I think and the upgrades business were good, not great this quarter. And you’re right the base business since there was just one large deal, the base business really kind of carry the day.
Steven Koenig – Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then lastly, let me turn to guidance about Q4 and then kind of directionally for next year. What did you assume about the macro economy in Q4 and about close rates? And then also that question applies to next year and kind of correlated that would be, if you’re revenue growth next year or say more like 9 to 10% instead of the 12% long-term carter you’re targeting. How much risk is there to your 20% EPS started and that’s all my question.
James Heppelmann: Yes. Well, it’s Jim again here. I think first of all on the economy assumptions, we don’t actually have an economist on the stuff here, so we just assume it’s going to like it is now, not better no less.
Steven Koenig – Longbow Research LLC: Okay.
James Heppelmann: We assume that for Q4 and we assume that for next year.
Steven Koenig – Longbow Research LLC: Okay.
James Heppelmann: What was the second part of the question?
Barry Cohen: The question was about the $1.20.
James Heppelmann: Yes. The $1.20, so I want Neil to go through sort of a currency discussion in a minute. But I’ll just start off by saying; we’re very committed to the $1.20. We’re more committed to the $1.20 than we are to the revenue growth level and we think we can hit the $1.20 at different revenue growth levels and Neil, take it to what currency does in a minute here. But currency has a much more profound effect on the revenue numbers than on the $1.20 or the earnings growth number in general. So, we’re committed to the $1.20 for next year. It’s really a question of exactly which combination of margin expansion, the revenue growth in FY ‘11, are going to get it there and that’s largely a currency discussion.
Cornelius Moses: Yes. So, we don’t have a foreign exchange specialist on the staff either. So, from a currency perspective –
Barry Cohen: That’s you.
Cornelius Moses: We basically take what the currency is today and project it forward. We’re using $1.25, which I haven’t looked this morning, but I think it’s a little bit more conservative than where the Euros currently sitting as far as next year is concerned. I think we talked back in June that our investor conference around the fact that every €0.10 movement in the Euro, on an annualize basis was worth – let’s call it $25 to 30 million in revenue, $15 to 20 of moving in expense and 0.05 to 0.07 in earnings. Now, in any given quarter that doesn’t impact the results that much. Maybe it’s much – 0.01 or 0.02, but not much more than that. Now, turning to the full year, what Jim said is actually correct whether we grow 9%, the user number, Steve, next year or 12%, we’re going to hit the $1.20. We have a natural hedge the way the revenue and expense move together and we have the ability to, if you will slow down additional investments if we need to, to ensure that $1.20 is a commitment we can make to you.
Steven Koenig – Longbow Research LLC: Great. Thanks a lot, Neil. Thanks, everyone.
Cornelius Moses: Yes.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our next question comes from Blair Abernethy with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Blair Abernethy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Good morning. Thanks, guys. Just a couple of things, first on the PLM side on the Domino wins that you seem to be pertaining to take a long nicely here this year. Is there – have been – are there any changes that you’re seeing and sort of the evaluation and selling cycle for the Dominos you’re targeting, number one, and number two, can you talk a little about what you’re closure rate has been this year in the Domino space, if you will and in terms of some of the – one deal that got away, sort of what are some of the key factors as to why that happened? Yes.
Cornelius Moses: Well, let me – first thing (inaudible) –
James Heppelmann: Before we start the year, I think how many we’re going to do in the fiscal year?
Cornelius Moses: Yes, I’d have to think about it chronologically. But just to put things in context –
James Heppelmann: Well.
Cornelius Moses: The goal we gave you, originally, through FY ‘10 with 10 Dominos with. We subsequently up that to 12, we subsequently up that to 15, this morning we’re sitting here at 16 with most of the quarter to go. I think we’ll end greater than 16, 20 or less sort of in that range. So, clearly the closer rate and the overall development of the Domino program seems to be better than we were projecting because I think we were taught the answer was 20, we probably wouldn’t have told you 10, we’d have told you at 18, but it’s really going very well and I think what I would expect to happen over time, we’re really building now our reputation and a brand that screams PLM later. I think overtime we’re going to start to see that translate in the sure (ph) to sales cycle, higher wind rate although the wind rate is incredibly high right now, but sure (ph) to sales cycle, (inaudible) discounting, better pricing power, et cetera. I talked about the target campaign that run for a year, our year is well below our average.
James Heppelmann: Who do we disclose it?
Cornelius Moses: Throughout really, the lab set.
Barry Cohen: And it wasn’t Dassault.
Cornelius Moses: It wasn’t Dassault. Although it did compete in the benchmark, we want to get Dassault, but nobody wants that company with the incumbent. So, anyway that’s a good example, a comprehensive process that ramp we start to finish in a year. I see our average prices are still substantial longer than a year, maybe a year and a half, maybe even longer than that. But, again, I think what’s happening in some of these campaigns is people are starting to say, “Hey, there’s a leader emerging.” It’s easy, we all know that it is easy to buy from the emerging leader, it takes triple to justification to buy from somebody who is clearly not the emerging leader and that phenomenon overtime, I think will become more and more impactful and I think it will continue to feel our market share grab and growth rate. Just to answer the last question, Jim, correct me if I am wrong, but we haven’t lost a Domino –
Barry Cohen: Yes.
Cornelius Moses: A competition that we’ve been in this year.
James Heppelmann: No.
Cornelius Moses: I think that’s right. And the challenge really is so our wind rate is exceedingly high, we’re really focus on as we talk about before is monetizing those Dominos. We know it’s a long sale cycle, how quickly can we convert that win into revenue and realize the kind of annuity opportunity that (inaudible).
James Heppelmann: Yes, maybe just a little more on that because it is important. The important thing about it, the exciting thing about Dominos is that they should turn into annuities and annuities become base business and that’s great. We provided to you at a previous investor event model that we felt the typical Domino monetization model and we said that a typical Domino, reminds you of what’s around the word typical because there actually is a bit of variability, but a typical one when we win, we get a pilot project that produces $1 to 2 million in revenue in the first year, typically dominated by services revenue. Because they say, “Hey, we made the selection but we want to validate that collection in the real world of our business.” And at the end of that, let’s call it first year, “They say, okay, it works. Let’s roll it out,” that tends to produce a life disorder (ph). And then maybe in the second year, we’ll do 2 to 4 million life disorder (ph), similar services, et cetera. In the third year, they decide to expand this to another program or another division or another business unit, and we get a further expansion. In the next year after that, they might decide to do a foot print expansion, ask them to do modules, and so new capabilities, et cetera. In the year after that, they go to a new business unit or more users or what have you so. So, we these Dominos typically ramping over a couple years to let’s say we have $5 million run rate and then we’ve seen some evidence they say at 5 million for an extended period of time as we continue to evolve and deploy and tackle new problems and so forth. So, I think that model is very important. What we really want to do next year is provide more systematic tracking internally. How are we doing in this portfolio of annuity account? It may have come from Dominos or it may have come from inside the base customer because we talk a lot about Dominos because those are competitive win, but we can have an inside the base customer doing an equal model revenue and then just as important, it’s just there wasn’t a competitive process to get them there. So, nonetheless, we want to think about this portfolio of Dominos and what are the trends around the portfolio. How is it expanding? What are the sort of that you will renewal rates, maybe different levels of annuity customers within that portfolio, et cetera. So, we’re going to put a better tracking and management program in place and then I would anticipate some of that will fall through and we’ll provide the visibility to you on some of the key data points.
Barry Cohen: One thing to take a little mystery on the wind rate is what’s happening. Customs are realizing that there are new requirements to succeeding the global market cycle, when they look at the legacies that’s been – they see that those systems can’t provide them with what they need. They’ve already made a decision that they’re legacy systems are not capable of helping them, so when they go outside that’s a perfect environment for us to show our competitive advantage and that’s why our wind rate is so great.
Blair Abernethy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. That’s great, guys. Thanks for the color.
Cornelius Moses: Yes and add a little more, comment is from maybe a competitor’s perspective, which I always think it’s sort of important. When we talk about the Continental deals –
Blair Abernethy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes.
Cornelius Moses: In trying to provide just a little color about that, that’s the German automotive company, the second largest automotive company in Germany. It’s been combined recently with Scheffler, with Ina (ph) Scheffler and I think actually the combined revenues with two company now rival Bosch. So, it’s either first or second in the world in terms of automotive business.
Barry Cohen: (Inaudible).
Cornelius Moses: (Inaudible), right. This is the company that is German and we have two big – let’s stay up our three big competitors Dassault, Siemens and SAP, two of them are in Germany, SAP and Siemens. And so far us to, and we didn’t have a big incumbency in terms of position there. We had some (inaudible) and it’s a diversified automotive suppliers. They’ve acquired some companies and so forth, so we knew of a presence. But, again, not unlike some of these other deals when we describe the ADS awhile ago and some of the others, we are not the odds on favorite going into these evaluations. In fact, you can make an argument that odds maker would put us last, and so it’s pretty telling and I think our competitors have a lot explaining to do, much more than we do actually as why we won or how they loss because we won by a complete as Jim describes it. Market leader technological advantage coupled with a partnership with the customers, where they really believe we understand their business and we can help enable change and globalization and so forth. So, the Dominos that we described early on, they’re inexplicable. How could we win and how could the competitor lose and we continue to knock this down. And I think we’re going to approach the 20 number, they’re going to be three or so at least this quarter and there are going to be a big number next year. We have all the sales people, the sales leadership from around the world in here, Monday and Tuesday, this week reviewing the tone of the competitive landscape we specifically ask them questions in the ongoing Domino benchmark as well as a displacement benchmarks, the other 250 active campaigns. We don’t see any indication that the competitors have closed the gap at all, technically. They haven’t announced any wins out there, could take ahead the competitor ever announced the displacement of our systems? No. So, I’m trying to give you a sense for just how importance this continue to be and it also answer that aspect of the forecast because there is probably is more conservatisms built into the forecast than there would be risk. But I think it’s prudent for us to do that, just given the nature of the business and how we want to run that business going forward. So, the confidence and the sales teams are as high if not higher than ever and I think you’re going to continue to see lots of this win rates. I was thinking earlier we could go through the $14 million deals that we won, 14 deals or whatever with this quarter, all grayer (ph) than a million and we could tell you where they came from sort of from a competitive landscape, I didn’t do that. But back to the point, it’s basically a mix; it’s not just a salt (ph). It’s pretty much a nice general mix there, which is good for us because that indicates that there’s a broad base of competitive accounts that we’re going after and can win it.
James Heppelmann: I’m not usually want to jump on your bandwagon when you’re on a roll like that. But I think the other point you’re making about Conti, which we feel good about is that not only with Germany, but it was in automotive and automotive is probably not our area of traditional strength.
Cornelius Moses: No, it’s an excellent point now. You take the Conti deals, the Volvo truck deal and a number of other automotives suppliers, (Inaudible) that we’ve been winning. We’ve been upping our presence in that whole automotive sector and I think you’re going to continue to see better and better – more and more wins in that sector next year as well.
James Heppelmann: So, one thing. This is Jim just to further on. I want to talk about the fact that our competitive advantage is also diversifying a little bit. We’ve talked a lot about a product/technology advantage and clearly, we have a technology advantage today. But those of you who follow the company for a long time, Jay Vleeschhouwer, for example, you’ve been at many of our User Group event. We’ve been talking about this idea of product development process improvement that technology is a means to an end. The end in the win for the customer is a better process. And what’s happened is we’ve developed a secondary and tertiary advantage now similar to the technology advantage, which is secondarily, we understand better than anybody how to put this technology to work, affect process change and create value and then that’s really a service advantage. And then at the sales level, we are the masters now at trying to – being able to characterize the financial value, being able to establish strategic long-term partnerships. The sort of PTC sales rep of circa 1990’s basically doesn’t exist anymore, we are definitely the trusted adviser in developing long-term strategic relationships and these things are very hard to replicate. You can wave a magic wand and become process experts. You can’t wave a magic wand and have consulted an enterprise sales force that tops in the industry and you certainly you can’t wave a magic wand and replicate our technology advantage, becoming a system of components working together that reinforce each other and are increasingly difficult for somebody to replicate. And in some case, I’ll draw your attention to that Continental press release. It basically says you’ll see some comments in there from the CIO and the CFO that talk about PTC as partner and some of the intellectual property we’re bringing to the table about how to optimize processes and then of course, the great technology that’s the enabler for that.
Blair Abernethy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, that’s great, guys. That’s great, guys. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Yes. Thanks. I just want to circle back to something Neil said. I think you were commenting about the December quarter and I was a little bit – I think you were trying to say listen you had blowout December quarter last year and I think you’re intonating that we should think about more the normal seasonality. So, as you look at the consensus estimates and look at the sequential, should we be looking for a traditional sequential change from the September quarter December or should we be applying the 20% license growth to that big quarter that you produced last December.
Cornelius Moses: You should be looking and thinking about a normal, a more normalized quarterization. So, typically, the first quarter is our lowest revenue quarter and then we see some steps, usually a step up in Q2 and Q3 are usually pretty comparable and then I would say that Q4 is usually similar between $20 and 30 million higher than Q3 and Q2. So, I think you should be thinking about a more normalized quarterization of our results, which is not what happened this year.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Got it.
Cornelius Moses: One other thing you brought up this 20% license growth and I want to reiterate. Our belief is that’s a constant currency license growth rate. Now, that’s had a currency stays where it is today, our average currency rate for fiscal 2010 will be somewhere on a $1.35. So, we are in a deficit position today versus the average of last year. I mean it’s very hard to predict where this will go. I’m just encouraging you to think of 20% in constant currency terms because currency does have this fairly dramatic swing on revenue.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And there are no further questions.
James Heppelmann: Okay, great. We would like to thank all of you for the time here and we really observed some pretty good questions. I think you guys have standards for the momentum we have in the business and pretty strong outlook. I’ll remind you again that the directional information we gave you for next year was something short of guidance. We will come back to you at the next call and give you fiscal ‘11 guidance, but in the meantime the directional information is hopefully directionally correct and we’re very committed to this idea of 20% earnings growth on a sustainable basis over a five-year window, and looking forward 90 days reporting the first year in the Wind Gala. All right. Thanks a lot and talk to you all soon.
Operator: And that concludes today’s call, thank you for your participation. Please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Cornelius Moses - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Barry Cohen - Executive Vice President of Strategic Services and Partners C. Harrison - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Heppelmann - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of National FIRST Executive Advisory Board Kristian Talvitie - 
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Blair Abernethy - Thomas Weisel Partners Equity Research Alexander Zorovic - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Yun Kim - Broadpoint AmTech, Inc. Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Richard Davis - Needham & Company, LLC Ben Rose Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC Jay Vleeschhouwer - Ticonderoga Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the PTC's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2010 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Kristian Talvitie, PTC's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Kristian Talvitie: Great. Thanks and good morning, everybody. Before we get started, I'd like to just quickly remind everybody that this call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products or anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumptions of PTC's management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC's most recent Form 10-K and forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. All financial measures in this discussion are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measure is located in the press release and prepared remarks documents on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Dick Harrison for a few opening comments, and then we'll right into Q&A.
C. Harrison: Thanks, Kristian, and welcome, everybody, today. We feel like we had a really nice quarter. Again, as we saw in Q1, license revenue grew in excess of 50%. 54% again, so we're greater than 50% at the halfway mark in the year in terms of license growth. We'll get into more detail on it, but we had growth in all products, in all geographies. Those of you that know our 4-box, we saw good license growth and just growth in general in all those four categories, and that just suggest strength across the entire business. We have maintained our guidance in the face of about $18 million sort of headwind in currency for the back half of the year, which is effectively raising the guidance, and we'll talk more about that. The number of big deals, 18 deals over $1 million was substantial. It was greater than it was in the same quarter in 2008 and really suggests, and I'll confirm it for you, there's an underlying pipeline of big deals, deals greater than $1 million that's at least twice the size that it would've been a year ago at this time. So with that, let me open it up to questions and answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: The one area that, I guess, I need better explanation is what you characterize as the lingering hangover in the Services business, I would've thought that some of the services revenue would have either been coincident, meaning in parallel with the improvement license or even a precursor to a certain extent. Give us more explanation as to why -- I think you characterized the weak license in the first part of 2090 on Windchill is actually affecting some of the services business now. I didn't quite understand that.
James Heppelmann: Sterling, it's Jim Heppelmann. I think one way to think about the Services business is if you imagined or sort of hypothesize an average services engagement of lasting four to six quarters, then what you realize is you sort of have a rolling portfolio of services engagement, and the new quarters we're adding now are not yet offsetting the quarters that are of projects that are wrapping up. So I think it's a very positive trend, and Barry can comment in a minute that the bookings are strong for new business going forward. But we're suffering this hangover of projects that were not started back in 2009 because of the bad economy are now part of that portfolio, of that rolling portfolio services projects. And thus, the services revenues is down, but we all know pretty clearly that where license go, services will follow. So we sort of look at it -- it's more or less a type of backlog going into next year that we absolutely should expect to see that services revenue coming online next year.
Barry Cohen: The only point I'd add there it's -- when you look at the results and where we are in terms of bookings and revenues, it's a little lumpy. So when you look at North America with license revenue, which is pretty okay in 2009, service revenue actually in North America is pretty strong. And we see some of the lag is in [indiscernible] where the license was softer during 2009 like in Europe and Asia. So we're already seeing the rebound in North America, and we sort of -- we certainly expect the rest of the rebound to take place in the latter half of the this year and the beginning of next year.
James Heppelmann: I think just sort of summary, for us to post the quarter we did on a combination of revenue that was extra heavy on license and a little bit softer in services. First of all, that's not really bad news by anybody's measure.
Barry Cohen: No.
James Heppelmann: But it's also a problem that will and almost by definition must correct itself going forward just given the nature of -- you sell the software and then you follow with the implementations over four to six quarters that follow.
C. Harrison: I think just to add to that, Jim, just a little bit, if Sterling were sitting in our staff meeting, as we talk about it, we view it in light of a slightly different problem, which is we see an acceleration of services potentially coming given all the license revenue. And so as we sort of do our planning the back half of this year and next, we know there's going to be services that are going to accelerate. And part of what we want to do is offload that to partners for the medium-sized accounts and so forth, and that's one of the things that we actually spent a lot of time on.
Operator: Next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Ticonderoga Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Following up on that last comment about the progression of services. I'd like to tie that into the profitability of the Windchill or PLM business. If you look at the most recent quarter, over 40% of the Enterprise or PLM business was in services, less than 10% of the Desktop or CAD business was in services. So I would have to imagine that the PLM business while growing has a fairly minimal margin versus the CAD business. And I'm wondering if you could talk about how you see that profitability progressing on the PLM side either from revenue scaling or diminishing the proportion of revenues from services.
C. Harrison: It's another one that we do spend a lot of time on. In terms of the profitability, I mean, one of the things that we're seeing with the license growth on the Windchill side and the maintenance growth on the Windchill side, which we're focused on. As those become a bigger and bigger part of the overall Windchill slash Enterprise revenue number, then the profitability will go up. As we've talked about in the past, we have a sales force that sells all products, and so we have to do allocations when we try to predict what the profitability is and they're not exact, but we do think the Windchill business is profitable, and we think that it's going to become increasingly profitable, as again, we get bigger and bigger license and maintenance numbers. Part of that is our ability to provide services which we want to do for the most important accounts and the most profitable accounts because they're long-term service engagements with predictable kinds of margins, and then we want to offload other services to medium-sized accounts to a growing partner program that's getting better and better at deployments.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Do you expect that in the third quarter that maintenance revenues will finally bottom and then improve sequentially thereafter?
C. Harrison: Yes, I think if you think about -- we're obviously being hurt the most on maintenance from FX Jay. I think either in the third or fourth quarter, we're going to see that, that bottoming that you described and growth up for that quarter [ph].
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Finally, in your data sheets, of course, you do the install base comparisons, and we continue to see some erosion in the non-Pro/E and non-Windchill -- all other categories in terms of sequential and year-over-year base count. So the question there is when do you think we'll see a turn in that active install base for those smaller brands? And then more broadly, how do you think you're doing in terms of multi-product sales and really configurations and growing the smaller brands?
C. Harrison: I'll answer the first question and maybe, Jim, you want to way-in on the second question in terms of the smaller products in our portfolio. I think you're referring to active seats on maintenance, Jay, for the all other category. I think we're going to look at that probably bottoming at the same time that we see our maintenance revenue bottom we just talked about during Q3 or Q4. So I think we've talked about the fact that there is a -- we have a little bit of a hangover in both the services and maintenance business associated with last year's license revenue. With what's happening with license revenue this year, obviously, that turnabout is going to come fairly quickly. And as I said, it's either going to be Q3 or Q4. Jim, do you want to comment on the strength of our performance in our -- if you will, products related to Pro/E and Windchill?
James Heppelmann: I think you mean products other than Pro/E and Windchill that might be bundled with or sold to the same customers. I think Arbortext in particular, we're pretty optimistic about, we didn't disclose Arbortext number though, I don't believe. But I think that the Arbortext revenues were up nicely last quarter, and we're sort of forecasting Arbortext to be a decent growth engine, sort of going forward 2011 and beyond. So we've sort of rejuvenated that strategy. We talked about that a little bit at our press day back in February, but we've rejuvenated that strategy, and that business appears to be back on a growth factor, and we're pretty optimistic that, that will be a long run. Quite frankly, that business will be a significant contributor. I think if you go to Mathcad, we're in a bad product cycle position with respect to Mathcad where we're on the brink of launching this new Mathcad Prime, which is a substantial over hall of the Mathcad software. And everybody knows it's coming but yet, it's actually in the market in a preview form, but it's not in the market in a final ship form. So I think that, that puts a little bit of pressure on the Mathcad product, and then I think the rest of the stuff is probably small enough that it's difficult to read much into one quarter's data.
Barry Cohen: One more thing, Jay, just to be more specific I think about the maintenance. The maintenance number bottomed out in Q2. Q3 in constant currency maintenance will be above Q2. That's what I would tell you.
Operator: Next question from Richard Davis from Needham & Company.
Richard Davis - Needham & Company, LLC: Quick question with regard to -- you mentioned kind of, I think it's accurate but it so goes license, so go services in terms of a follow-up. If I'm buying $100 worth of perpetual licensed software from you, guys, how much roughly will I have to spend on services over the next four to six quarters? Is the ratio 1:1, 1:2, whatever, those kind of things?
C. Harrison: I think at one level, if you just look at our license and service revenue, typical steady state services is equal to license or slightly greater. I think that Windchill is probably a little bit more strongly balanced towards services and with Pro/E less so balanced toward services. So I would say, yes, I mean where we sell $1 at Windchill, we're going to sell somewhere between $1 and $2 of services in the next six quarters, in that same dollar of license revenue.
James Heppelmann: There's two phenomenon going with the Windchill business. One is those attach rates, if you will. The amount of services that attach to a dollar of license revenue are coming down over time because we're doing more and more out-of-the-box implementation with Windchill. But the other phenomenon is that Windchill is growing as a percentage of our total revenue. As a result, we expect our Services business longer-term to grow kind of in-line with PTC's overall growth objective, which you know are in the 12% to 15% range.
Barry Cohen: I think the ratios definitely have come down to the rate like 1.2 from what it used to be like two would be good to the out-of-box thing. The other thing you see is when customers actually do the first implementation, it's heavy-duty on process redefinition and some heavy-duty service work. But then as they move out, the service work actually declined in relation to some of the new licenses they buy to expand their footprint.
C. Harrison: An engagement in the early days, maybe more heavily weighted towards services. And as that customer relationship matures about two, three years into it, it's moving more towards a pure maintenance and license engagement. If I could back up on this portfolio of six quarters idea, what I was really trying to say is that the services revenue we did this quarter is a function of the licenses we sold six quarters ago, five quarters ago, four quarters ago, three quarters ago and so forth. In fact, the licenses we sold this quarter, actually, don't have much impact on services revenue this quarter. They have impact on services bookings, but very little of those bookings were delivered against the license deal, for example, that came in the last two weeks of the quarter. So you can't really look at licenses this quarter as affecting services revenue this quarter. You'd have to think of services revenue this quarter being slightly affected by license revenue this quarter, more affected by license revenue one quarter prior, two quarter prior, three quarter et cetera. And as you backup into the three quarter, four quarter, five quarters prior, license revenue is pretty soft. And again, that's why I like to say that where licenses go, services will follow, but it may follow three to four quarters behind that trend.
Richard Davis - Needham & Company, LLC: Then the follow up would be on the domino beachhead accounts, what are your expectations and how as an outsider would you track your success of expanding from those kind of footholds and things like that. And at least notionally, I had figured the way to think about that is you get a domino account and then maybe a year later, you have a decent shot to expand from that position, obviously, there's exceptions to the rule. But is that the proper way to think about it? Is that how you think about the opportunity?
C. Harrison: Yes. If you remember back at our investor day, was it last October, we provided a monetization model of dominos, and we said that there's sort of a competition phase, and then there's a win. But following the win in the first year, you might have sort of $1 million to $3 million in revenue, and it might be dominated by services. And that's to get an initial implementation stood up at which point is typically a license buy. And then from there on, at that point in time, you have a somewhat contained deployment. It may be contained organizationally. It may be contained by program. It may be contained by geography. And so after that, you go into a series of successive expansion. Move onto the next program, move to the next business unit, move over to the next geography what-have-you, and that, that domino may provide us many successive orders for software and services and maintenance for years to come. We provided some examples. I provided one notable example of a customer who had expanded the system nine years in a row with successive license and maintenance deployment. So that's kind of the model. Not that much of revenue at the time of win, but it joins this portfolio of annuities particularly one and two years later. And then remains there for some long period of time.
Richard Davis - Needham & Company, LLC: And so that's still intact and that has not changed?
C. Harrison: No, absolutely not.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Koenig from Longbow Research.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: I have two questions that are somewhat related, so I'd like to ask them both upfront. The first question is would love to get some color on Large Deals. There a lot of Large Deals in the quarter, but AFPs were lower. I'm assuming there were no megadeals, call it $5 million or up just for the sake of having a definition. So I'm curious, what's your assumption on these kind of megadeals going forward? How much are they baked into your Q3 or your Q4 full year guidance? So that's question number one. And if I may, let me put quick question two on the table since it's somewhat related. It's pretty atypical to see 50% to 100% license growth rates for a public software company. Can you provide some color on what drove the 100% growth in PLM licenses? And then what do you expect for that trajectory going forward as well?
C. Harrison: Maybe I can start on the Large Deals and then we'll try to hit the latter. On the second question, we have a distinct and, I think, recognized increasingly competitive advantage, which is driving the license revenue. We've talked about the domino accounts, their displacements deals, so we're outside of our install base. We're certainly upgrading our install base and broadening our footprint and that accounts for a good part of the license revenue growth. But what's complementing that, which is really important, and it's not just the dominos, there's a whole list like an ArvinMeritor. We don't call it domino. We secured that deal last quarter. It was a Dassault replacement in an automotive account, supplier account. So there's a whole list of displacement deals that are active that are contributing to that license revenue growth. When we look at the -- sort of the big deals, and we had 18 deals over $1 million in Q2. Two years ago in '08, we only had 16, which was a really good quarter. So we've surpassed in Q2 of '010 the number of deals over $1 million that we have two years ago, which is really a good sign. What you see on the -- let's call these Larger Deals or deals over $1 million, from time to time, one of them or two of them or three could become a megadeal. And in Q1, we saw some of those commitments from the customer, the initial commitments were particularly large, and that gave upside to the results. If we look at the forecast, for example, for the back half of the year, there are in the pipeline, in our forecasting system, almost 100 deals that are greater than $1 million. And so we know we're going to have a very, very strong back half of the year. A year ago it was probably 35 deals. At this time, there were over $1 million for the back half of the year, so it's substantially higher. Some of those deals are going to grow to be megadeals, and the customer has a choice to make. They can start with, as Jim was describing, maybe more of an initial kind of a $2 million pilot. But in some cases, the ROI is so compelling that they'll do a bigger kind of deployment right upfront. And in that case, you're going to see upside to the forecast. So we've tried to give you guidance based on a nice number of these greater than $1 million deals coming in at traditional deal sizes in the $2.5 million range and to the extent that we get more of them that are bigger, and we do see some, then there's upside in the forecast.
Cornelius Moses: Maybe just adding one thing Steve, this is Neil. If you look at the geographic dispersion of these larger deals, that was really encouraging as well. 10 of those deals came in from outside of the U.S. so more than half. If you look at Q1, almost all the Large Deals we did and we only did 10, came from the U.S. So we're definitely seeing some recovery from an international perspective, both from a license perspective and from a large deal perspective.
James Heppelmann: Steve, it's Jim. I want to go back to your second question, just add some more color. Personally, I think there are three factors that are driving this phenomenal level of license growth that we're showing this year. One is the economy is improving. And clearly, that helps a lot. The second thing is I think PLM as a category for customer investment is hot right now. I've seen some surveys, for example, that rank it near to top of CIO priorities for investment in 2010. And then the third thing is market share. We are taking a lot of market share. So the sort of -- the economy's generally better, people are feeling good about spending money, then they say a place where we ought to prioritize spending is PLM. And then by the way, the PLM vendor and solution to buy is PTC. And I think that those three factors are helping us. Now the economy, once it's improved, and we have a set of good economy comps compared to good economy comps a year from now, that will be less of a factor in terms of license growth, so that will take some of it away. But I think this issue of PLM being a hot category and PTC taking market share, those are phenomenons that should be around for quite sometime and really drive some pretty decent license growth next year even when we don't have the comp against the bad economy like we do now.
Operator: Alexander Zorovic from Janney.
Alexander Zorovic - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Yes. So specifically, I would like to get [indiscernible] your color regarding geographies. so I guess Japan has been somewhat of a straggler for quite sometime, and it continues to be. What do you attribute that to? Does it continue to be just very specific to Japan or what's sort of going on there, if you could comment.
Cornelius Moses: It's Neil. We talked about Japan's performance. First of all, Japan license revenues is up 34% year-over-year, so we had a very good quarter in Japan from a license revenue perspective. I think overall performance in Japan was down slightly year-over-year, although up very, very much sequentially. I think, first of all, we have new leadership in Japan who is now been on board for about six months. We're very, very happy with the person that we brought on-board to run our business there. Secondly, we are starting to see more Large Deal activity in Japan as well. We're making good progress with our reseller channel, and I think we're poised to see kind of continued growth in the Japanese market for the first time in some time.
Alexander Zorovic - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: My second question would be regarding your M&A activity. So that used to be sort of a very key part of your growth strategy. If you could update us there as to what your thinking is. Obviously, you were purchasing some share back during the quarter. Do you see that as a better way to deploy your cash at this point than acquisitions? If you could comment please.
C. Harrison: I'll comment on the general strategy of M&A. And Neil, I'll allow you to address this specific question on buyback. We have the strategy of 20% sustainable earnings growth, and we think that the way we're going to get 20% sustainable earnings growth is this so-called win in the market strategy. PLM is a growing segment. We're going to go on to become the clear leader. We're going to take market20% share. We're going to generate a lot of organic growth, and that will be the main part of the 20% earnings growth engine, if you will. I characterize it as three-parts revenue growth and one-part margin expansion, if you remember. Now that said, there -- acquisitions can play into this, but we don't have a strategy to go acquire 20% earnings growth. We have a strategy to get it largely organically and complement that with that acquisition. I think there's two things, two areas where acquisitions make sense. One is little technology tuck-ins here or there. We made a small acquisition in the last quarter or, so carbon information modeling technology to help people understand the greenhouse gas implications of early product design and so forth. That's all interesting. They typically bring little revenue and quite frankly in some cases, no margin to the company when we do those. But we work them into the solution and they become meaningful sometime later when we take them to market as part of our overall solution. And then secondly, I think we want to be opportunistic. There's a sort of changing software market out there, and we might get some opportunities here and there to opportunistically take down something that's bigger that might give us an entrée into a new market segment or something like that. I would say that's not a strategy but we want to be open to opportunities that may be presented to us but sort of working backwards always from a strategy of 20% earnings growth and a fundamental belief that, that's mostly going to come from organic revenue growth.
Cornelius Moses: Just add to what Jim said and give you some insight as to how we think right or wrong. What we've been talking about from a competitive standpoint, which is reflected in the dominoes and the other displacements is that we have this single data model that enables everybody in an organization to know that the product information is true and accessible. And our competitors don't have that. They're trying to copy that today. Dassault with V6 is an attempt to copy Windchill, and Siemens with the unified product is an attempt to do the same thing. While they're trying to do that, and it's going to take them years, and we'll see if they're successful, we've been broadening our footprint. We've already solved that riddle around a single data model. So now we're building out an application footprint that enables our customers to deploy an out-of-the-box solution, and that's important to us. We're extending our advantage by broadening that footprint with applications such as Arbortext, Product Analytics, SharePoint. So to Jim's point, we're going to build some of those applications. And in some cases, opportunistically we've been doing these little technology tuck-ins to complement that footprint. And again, it gives us an extension, a competitive advantage when we go in and do these deals. So that's really sort of how we think about it. Integral Data model, broadening footprint vis-a-vis our competitors and absolutely a competitive advantage in terms of out-of-the-box. One of our big customers that we've talked about locally here, defense contractor -- 50,000 seats deployed, 97% out-of-the-box. One of the EADS defense companies, one of the six divisions as replaced Siemens and SAP with Windchill in the last year since we won that agreement, 99% out-of-the-box. And these deployments are replacing systems that are basically 90% customized. So that's our story to the customer, and I think you'll see acquisitions, small ones if we can, again, expand our competitive advantage.
Operator: Ross MacMillan with Jeffries & Company.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just on the big deals, I guess the question I had was you're clearly growing very nicely in volume relative to last year, and you're tracking almost to the '08 levels. Just as we think about it, is this really a volume game? I heard you, Dick, talk about 100 deals in the pipeline versus, like, 35 last year. So it sounds like, although some of these can be upsized, it sounds like your guidance is really based more on the volume that you're seeing. That's question one. And then question two is just so I understand what's happening on maintenance, it looks like some of the impact is because of the higher value Pro/E maintenance seats coming off as you sort of ramped Windchill seat growth. Are we getting the same attach rate on maintenance with Windchill as we had historically with Pro/E?
James Heppelmann: Ross, let me take a shot at the forecast and the big deals and the volumes. I would basically say that you're right. Our guidance is predicated on a growing volume of nice size deals. We said earlier too, though, we're seeing recovery in the channel, so it's across all aspects of the products and geographies. But when we look at those deals over $1 million, those are certainly an important barometer, and the number is growing at a very, very fast rate, and we track it weekly. You might also have observed that we decided to add 90 people in the sales organization. It's approximately 30 sales reps, 30 application technical support people and 30 business development people that basically create leverage across the sales organization by freeing up the sales people so they don't have to do the value propositions and the ROI calculations. We have teams of people that support the sales guys. We didn't add those people. We added them simply because we saw this volume increasing. So again, we're seeing a great deal of volume in those transactions of $1 million and greater. Many of which are in our competitors install bases. And I think we're going to continue to see that grow. Some of those could grow to become megadeals. And again, that's just an aspect of how quickly the customer wants to make their investment. On the maintenance side...
Cornelius Moses: It's Neil. The Windchill maintenance attach rate is 100%. We require customers to attach maintenance on Windchill. So it's actually higher than Pro/E, and I'd say renewal rates are comparable to Pro/E.
Operator: Blair Abernethy from Thomas Weisel and Partners.
Blair Abernethy - Thomas Weisel Partners Equity Research: Just a follow up on the sales adds. Can you just clarify when those -- have all those 30 new reps been added already or what are you kind of look at in the back half of the year?
Barry Cohen: I don't know exactly where we are in the 30 reps. Again, don't discount the 30 business development people because they're going to make more productive and effective, potentially 100 reps they would support throughout the geographies in these large accounts.
Cornelius Moses: But we're at about -- on reps, just reps now, not AEs or business development people. We're about 375 today, on our way to 400. So we're in the early stages of adding that capacity.
James Heppelmann: Yes. We authorized that capacity in early March essentially, and the hiring process started. Probably not many of those people have been landed yet, maybe a smaller percentage and the rest will be coming on, I'd say, actually this month and next month.
Barry Cohen: But probably impactful next year. If you look at the ramp up time and the training time in building the prospect base, I don't think we're forecasting a lot of return from that investment this year. It's more with an eye towards having good growth next year.
Blair Abernethy - Thomas Weisel Partners Equity Research: Could you just give us an update on the progress with the ProductPoint, and sort of what your longer term expectations are there now?
Cornelius Moses: Yes, I think we had a pretty good quarter. We've been disclosing a number of transactions. And I think we did 106, Kristian, against sort of a goal of 400. So we're this quarter at a run rate that would help us meet that goal, perhaps even exceed it. They've typically been transactions sold through our channels, so the revenue contribution's not that meaningful yet. But as transaction volumes increase and the maintenance volumes increases and so forth, that will become meaningful. The other thing is we're approaching the sort of release to timeframe, where we're going to have a pretty significant follow-on-release which we think will make that product that much more interesting. But again, that product's doing well. We sort of defined our criteria for doing well in the early days is transaction volume because we're trying to get market share. And against that criteria, which we've shared pretty openly with you, I think we're doing pretty well.
Operator: Yun Kim from Broadpoint.
Yun Kim - Broadpoint AmTech, Inc.: ProductPoint obviously is doing well. Can you just talk about what exactly is the end gain for that ProductPoint? Are you looking at that as more of a platform play and eventually monetizing the install base by selling more add-in modules? Or -- I think you just talked about more on transaction volume basis initially. What does that really mean?
Cornelius Moses: Yes, so you're right. It is a bit of a platform play, and there's maybe two different angles. But, let's say for SMB, we're selling an initial ProductPoint offering. We have three more major SharePoint products come into market that would complement that and would provide up sales from that initial ProductPoint sale. So we're working on a PPM offering, product program portfolio management. We have a social product development, how to use Web 2.0 technologies, that's a new offering and then a third offering behind that. So I think, definitely, it's a platform and particularly in SMB, we'll leave the ProductPoint and up sell it. I think in larger accounts, it gives us a whole new discussion to have in what might otherwise be a difficult account, to sell PLM. So we might go into a large corporation who has a competitor's PLM environment installed and they might say, we're all fine on PLM, thanks. We say, well, do you have a SharePoint strategy? And they quite frankly, more often than not, the CIO says, yes, we do have a SharePoint strategy. And then we say, well, would you like to have a conversation about how SharePoint could be a little bit more useful on your product development processes? And they say, yes, I would like to have that conversation because quite frankly, the competitors aren't having it with me. So I think it's also a new entry point, a new sort of door, if you will, to penetrate some of the bigger accounts as well. But first and foremost here, it's an SMB strategy in the short term.
Yun Kim - Broadpoint AmTech, Inc.: Barry, going back to our favorite topic here today. I understand the lag between initial bookings and then revenue recognition of services business. But specifically, I'm just trying to reconcile the Consulting business coming in weaker than what you were expecting at the beginning of the quarter. Do mega sized projects typically take longer to plan and because of it, the delay in the Consulting business that we saw in the quarter? Or were there simply just sudden unexpected delays in the implementation work during the quarter?
Barry Cohen: I think that's a good question and it's a little bit of both. I think when you have -- we're doing a lot more because of out-of-the-box now, people are not customizing. They're doing a little more process redefinition. That upfront work takes a little longer to start the project in terms of deployment. So I think that's happening. And, I think as well as some of the book -- when the bookings come in has a relationship to how much revenue of that you can take in the quarter and that has an affect as well.
Cornelius Moses: Let me make a prediction. A year from now on this call, you guys, will be asking a lot of questions about how much services we have in the mix and is that becoming a profitability problem and all that kind of stuff.
Barry Cohen: That's the real problem.
Yun Kim - Broadpoint AmTech, Inc.: Can you just give us an update on your Channel business and what kind of investments are you making into that business right now? I think you made a comment a while back that you wanted the Channel business to continue to move up the value ladder in terms of deal size? Do you still feel comfortable with that growth strategy for your Channel business?
Cornelius Moses: It's Neil. I think right now, most of the investments that we made that we talked about a minute ago in terms of sales capacity, were made in the Direct Sales force at this point in time, and the reason for that is we're seeing the rebound really in our Direct business right now, and particularly in that upper right hand box with Windchill, large enterprise deals. So I think we've talked previously about the fact that we think our Channel business is about 30% of revenue now. It's probably going to stay there for the time being. We'll address the question of whether we make further investments in our Channel business as we head into next year in kind of July, August timeframe. We do see some improvement in the channel. If you will, our lower left hand box had 35% license growth in Q2. So that was encouraging. But I think that recovery is a little bit more slow than we've seen in the Direct space, and so probably additional investment isn't warranted at this point in time.
Yun Kim - Broadpoint AmTech, Inc.: Is there any new product release coming out on the low end part of the market or the desktop part of the market that could maybe re-energize the Channel business?
C. Harrison: Nothing we're ready to talk about today. I think you're aware we have road maps for Pro/E, and we just did release a major release of CoCreate. That's a pretty good traction, CoCreate 17. But Dick's sort of referring to some bigger ideas we have that aren't ready for prime time yet.
Operator: Ben Rose from Battle Road Research.
Ben Rose: With regard to these 200 Windchill competitive displacements that you see out there. Could you give us a rough sense these days with regard to where you see the greatest opportunity vis-a-vis the install base of Dassault, Siemens and Oracle?
C. Harrison: I think if we sort of look back at the last years or so, actually, it's pretty even across both the Dassault and the Siemens base,, maybe a little bit more towards the Dassault base. Some of the matrix install base accounts have been particularly vulnerable. They're waiting for the V-6 platform, which has been promised now for three years, and it must be eminent at some point. The unified ones have been promised for four years, I don't really know if it's any further along. Both of those systems that when we do see them trying to get some foothold are still heavily customized deployments. We don't actually see any live deployments out across the world. But when we see customers attempting to deploy them, they're heavily customized, which is again a big advantage for us as we look at our out-of-the-box system. But it's probably -- I guess to answered your question more specifically, I'd say it's 60% Dassault, 30% Siemens, 10% kind of others, including SAP, [indiscernible]. Funny enough though, I'd say if you had to pick a single product that we're having the most success displacing, it would be the Matrix product from Dassault, which funny enough is the basis for the V-6 strategies. So even the customers who have Matrix are frequently saying, we're done, we're out. We're not going to V-6.
Ben Rose: In given your strength in the industrial and electronics verticals, particularly kind of large midsize companies where I have to think Oracle is off in the database being used by your customers on the ERP side. Are you seeing any resurgence from Oracle, if so, not so much from a displacement of the actual product, but any resurgence from Oracle in terms of having a more forceful thrust into the PLM market place?
C. Harrison: It's Jim, I'm looking at Dick here. I think neither one of us -- we both spend a lot of time with the sales force. Neither one of us really engage in many discussions with the sales force about Agile competitions. So it just seems like after Oracle acquired Agile, things went quiet and have remained pretty quiet ever since.
Cornelius Moses: I think that's true. When we do the corporate visits I'm trying to think back as you ask the question on a corporate visit and we were in Europe last week flying around and visiting with customers and so forth. Anecdotally, I can't think -- or a transaction that happened this quarter. I can't think of one that was really dominated by a discussion around Oracle. The Agile product never really did sort of capture the authoring information, electrical, mechanical, embedded software. It was always -- it was actually more of an ERP application at the far end of the design process. It might have overlapped in the process. It sort of got closer to where the ERP people had their application, so we don't really see it that often. And I can't imagine it doing particular well.
Operator: Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just a follow-up on the headcount additions, the incremental investment. At this point, are you happy with the incremental investment for this year? How much capacity it adds? Or is there showing incremental investment from a headcount in any of your operational areas that you think would be necessary either this year or at the very beginning of next year?
James Heppelmann: It's Jim here. I think, Sterling, the way to look at it is normally, as we approach fiscal '11 starting October 1, this summer we would go through a planning process of authorizing some additional expenditures based on the business plan we see for FY '11 and so forth. This year, we did something sort of different and, quite frankly, a bit unique, in that we were significantly ahead of our 20% earnings goal at midyear. And so we said let's get started on some of those investments now, realizing that, to Dick's point earlier, someone you hire October 1 doesn't really contribute in the first quarter, maybe starts to contribute in the second quarter, but they provide a meaningful contribution in Q's3 and Q4. So we basically said, lets start some of those hires two quarters early. So that by the time October 1 rolls around, some of these people hit the street running. The bottom line is we've kind of made an early investments in FY '11 based on being ahead of our plan substantially here in FY '10. But going into FY '11, I expect that we'll have an opportunity to make an incremental investment that probably is larger in magnitude than the one we've already made, but we need to go through that planning process yet.I think we need to see what happens in the back half of the year.
Operator: Our final question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Ticonderoga Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Two broad follow up questions on market trends. First Jim, you made a remark earlier that you've seen some recent surveys that suggest PLM has moved up in priority, perhaps fairly high up on the list, and it seems to have taken about a decade for PLM to get there. It had typically been fairly low in priority. So the question is what do you think's changed to make PLM now more of a verb and not just an interesting acronym? And secondly, I suppose I have to ask obligatory cloud question. Dassault, particularly their solid works business have made quite a lot of commentary recently about their intentions for putting apps on the cloud that may entail some possible changes in licensing models and the like away from your industry. Oracle had a fairly well attended event yesterday for customers on cloud computing here in New York. So something's going on obviously. I'm just curious as to your thoughts on the cloudiness issue.
James Heppelmann: Yes, let me say in general, if you look at where IT spending's going right now, it's going into enterprise applications. And within enterprise applications, I think we all know that the ERP thing is a bit run its course. So I think companies are saying we need to move on, find that next opportunity to bring some business process advantage to our company, and it isn't ERP. We've been there, done that. Any advantage we ever thought we had there has matched by everybody else anyway, and there is no next generation of that concept. So I think some of the growth problems you see for SAP is because their market segment has matured, whereas PLM is not at all mature. And I think there's been some real focus shifting to hey, this PLM thing is another form of business process advantage, and quite frankly, it maybe a more enduring form of business advantage anyway. So I just feel like there's ample evidence out there that it's not infrastructure and so forth that spending is going into it. It's really applications and within applications, it is PLM. So there's a couple of different surveys, you go find them yourself. But couple of different surveys that suggest that trend. And then on the cloud issue, we've been on the cloud. We're ready to be on the cloud. We are on the cloud in a limited way right now. But I don't think that the cloud in and of it self changes that much in our industry. It's a different sort of deployment option. This is an application that runs on a server and whether that server's in your data center or up in somebody else's being run for you and delivered to you as a service, what that technology does and the business advantage it brings to you is what's most important. I don't think SolidWorks is going to go on any big growth spurt because they're putting apps in the cloud. I just don't feel like the cloud has proven itself in many industries quite frankly. There was actually an interesting reported I read recently on where the cloud has worked, and where it hasn't worked. The truth is, it's worked well in pretty select industries like CRM and there's a whole lot of industries it hasn't been very impactful to. So we'll keep monitoring it, but we've had this Windchill on-demand thing for quite some time. Agile had an on-demand solution. The arena guys previously known as bomb.com have a pure cloud solution. So the idea of clouds for PLM is not a new idea, but it is an idea that really hasn't seen much adoption on the customer side and I pointed out many times before that there's a technical issue around bandwidth and large data sets. And then there's a sort of emotional issue around the protection of critic crowned jewels type IP. People are just a little afraid to put the latest thinking of their corporation, their latest design up into a cloud when they're not 100% sure that it's safe up there. It seems like it should be but it's a real concern that doesn't seem to go away.
Cornelius Moses: So again, thanks for listening in this morning, and we actually feel really good about the back half forecast, about the pipeline and the big deals. I actually think in many respect, we spent too much time on services. It's not a concern for us. We're aware of the situation. But as Jim said and I tried to say as well, we have a broader concern about it which is the license revenue is going to dictate much higher services volumes, and it's going to be a different kind of a problem for us as we try to ramp up to address it. So again, thanks for your time this morning, and we'll look forward to talking to you again in the summer. Thanks.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristian Talvitie – VP, Corporate Communications Dick Harrison – Chairman & CEO Neil Moses – EVP & CFO Barry Cohen – EVP, Strategic Services and Partners Jim Heppelmann – President & COO
Analysts: Yun Kim – Broadpoint Blair Abernethy – Thomas Weisel Sasa Zorovic – Janney Montgomery Sterling Auty – J.P. Morgan Ross MacMillan – Jefferies Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank Richard Davis – Needham & Company Jay Leishauer [ph] – Dakana Rook Securities [ph] Steve Koenig – Longbow Research
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the PTC's first quarter fiscal year 2010 results conference call. After brief comments by management, we will go directly into the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Kristian Talvitie, PTC's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks and good morning. Good afternoon, everyone. Before we get started, I just like to remind everybody that this conference call and Q&A session may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's products or anticipated future operations or financial performance. Any such statements will be based on the current assumptions of PTC's management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties contained in PTC's most recent form 10-K and form 10-Q on file with the SEC. All financial measures in this conference call are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measure is located in the financial and operating metrics document on our Investor Relations page of our Website at www.ptc.com, and is also provided at the end of the document, the prepared remarks, and the press release document that we e-mailed everybody earlier. With us today is Dick Harrison, Chairman and CEO; Neil Moses, CFO; Barry Cohen, EVP of the services business; and, on the phone is Jim Heppleman, President and Chief Operating Officer. With that, I'll turn it over to Dick.
Dick Harrison: Thanks, Kristian. Maybe just a couple of quick comments, and then we'll open it up for questions. But it was – been an interesting and a good quarter for us. And we just feel confident as evidenced in some of the press releases that we've released in the last couple of weeks. I think most recently today we have one from Volvo and Raytheon as well this week that some of the things we've been talking about, about this market and our leadership position are starting to materialize a little bit. So let's throw it open to questions and get into it, and have a good discussion about what's happening.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) One moment for our first question. Our first question comes from Yun Kim. You may ask your question. Please state your company name.
Yun Kim – Broadpoint: Sure, Broadpoint. First, congratulations on a great quarter. So obviously, you guys have done a good job of executing Q1, maybe too good of a job perhaps? And I'm just wondering if the pipeline used to be – we built again, especially around those large domino deals, it looks like you guys already have met your – or close to meeting your goals for the year already. Can you just talk about the overall pipeline and any change in the visibility and pipeline coverage as we're going into Q2 versus Q1? Thanks.
Dick Harrison: Well the pipeline for Q2 we feel is really strong. And the pipeline for the balance of the year, and even as we look out in the next year a little bit, is strong. It continues to increase. We've spoken about the dominoes themselves. But again, behind the dominoes, we have today, I think there are in the range of 150 active displacement campaigns. In our competitor's basis, there are over 100 active deals that we think are worth more than $1 million, let's say, that could happen in the next, let's say, year. One of the things that happened in the first quarter was that some of the sizes of the deals increased. Often times, we'll be talking to the customer about a particular transaction. And what we saw in the first quarter was that we've been able to demonstrate conclusively the values that our solution brings to the customer. So as we've done the pilots and so forth, that value creation enables us to have a discussion about a broader footprint, more applications inside the whole Windchill footprint. And some of those deals grew in size. We had them in the forecast. We had them in the pipeline. But they might have gone from a $1 million deal to a $3 million deal, or a $3million to a $5 million. And that's what contributed a lot to the upside. So we don't always know exactly how big those deals are going to be. We do know we have a nice list and a growing list in the – in the pipeline. And that gives us a pretty good deal of confidence for the second quarter, and really for the balance of the year.
Jim Heppleman: Yes, Yun. It's Jim here. Just to add to that, if you look at our prepared remarks, we commented about 50% license growth forecast for Q2. And again, I think we couldn't be projecting 50% license growth again if we didn't feel pretty confident about the pipeline.
Yun Kim – Broadpoint: Okay. Great. And then a quick question for Barry. So obviously with the – a lot of these domino deals are happening already and a lot of these seems like ramping up pretty quickly here. Would this put some pressure on your consulting business especially on the margin side if you try to ramp up more quickly than planned?
Barry Cohen: I think we planned fundamentally from an increase in the second half. So I think we're pretty much within our capacity planned to this point. So these are not surprises for us. The pipeline is strong.
Yun Kim – Broadpoint: How are the bookings?
Barry Cohen: The bookings are good, back up from a drop last year. Bookings are now back up to about 115% – 115% of our revenue projection. So I think we're pretty confident and we have a pretty good plan. Thank you for the question.
Yun Kim – Broadpoint: Okay. Thank you. And then lastly, so overall, how much are large systems (inaudible) are engaged in these domino deals and how big of a role are they playing in the cell cycle?
Dick Harrison: I would not say they're playing a huge role yet, but it's increasing. So we've had some of the large systems integrators involved. And I want to say, of the 11 dominoes, maybe three or four of them, in that range, but it's growing. And in a couple of cases they have brought us in, there's one that we haven't talked about yet, where we have a – and it's a big company where Accenture brought us in and we've completed the pilot for the most part and think we're going to get an order here shortly, the first nice big order. But increasingly, I think the systems integrators are saying that the market – I think that's one of the questions that we want to try talk about a little bit today. And as we engage or deal over the rest of the year is really how big is this market? And how big is our window vis-à-vis the competitors that we have because it's an interesting point about the systems integrators. If the market is as big as we think it's going to be, they'll play an increasingly bigger and bigger role here in the future.
Yun Kim – Broadpoint: Okay. Great. Thank you. And again congratulations on a great quarter.
Dick Harrison: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blair Abernethy. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Blair Abernethy – Thomas Weisel: Thanks. It's Blair Abernethy with Thomas Weisel. Just a couple of things, in terms of the domino implementations of the 11 obviously or just in the – in the last quarter, but of the – of the overall group, can you give us a sense of where you are at in terms of starting points with some of these implementations versus well into our – anybody at the halfway mark at this point?
Dick Harrison: Jim, you mind doing that one?
Kristian Talvitie: I don't know if we have Jim.
Jim Heppleman: I'm sorry. I'm having a bit of a phone problem here. But yes, I certainly can talk to that question, Blair. I think it varies. A couple of the dominoes were at very early stages. You might remember Volvo originally put out a press release saying they made a directional commitment to PTC? Just this morning, we put out a press release saying that basically we've passed the test phase, and they're now confirming that that directional decision is a firm decision and that they're moving forward with the program. So that would be an example where most of PTC's revenue opportunity is, quite frankly, still in front of us in that particular opportunity. On the other hand, a couple of the large orders represent dominoes who had proved out the software, in some cases implemented it in a given business unit or what not, and then gave us a very significant order to proliferate the software across the entire company, all the business units in all the different user constituencies and so forth. So I think it's the mix. But I think, clearly, most of these dominoes we see as annuities, if you remember back to our earnings or analyst day we had back in October, these things become really year after year opportunities where we broaden the footprint, we – our functionality. We broaden the – the number of users and divisions and so forth. We might come back with a new program around Arbortext, or something around our green solutions, or something around our reliability solutions, or what not. And I don't think we're ever done, quite frankly, with these dominoes. And I think we showed some examples, if you think back to that day in October, where we have some companies that we've been doing WindChill business with for five, six, seven, eight years. And they just keep expanding the deployments over time. I think we'd rather think of these dominoes as annuities than big transactions, even though from time to time they do produce big transactions.
Blair Abernethy – Thomas Weisel: Okay. Great. Thank you. Second question just to – maybe if you could provide a little more color around ProductPoint now that you've had it in the market effectively for 12 months. What's working there on the ProductPoint side of things, and maybe give us some sense of the average deal sizes, still pretty small or are they changing there at all?
Jim Heppleman: Yes, I think – This is Jim again. I'll take this. I think that what's working is the number of customers purchasing it. What could use a little bit of work is the deal size. And I think what's happening right now is there's a lot of interest and a lot of people placing an initial order for small quantities to play around that they've tested. The idea of using SharePoint as a platform for product development is a bit of a radical idea to some people. So I think they're intrigued. They want to go explore it. We expect a lot of those people to circle back and give us follow on orders that are more significant as we move through this year and then the next. So I think that – we're on the same page you are here. It's very exciting. We'd like to see it be more impactful to revenue going forward. But in the meantime, the core WindChill business is doing so well that there's no pressure for us to try to squeeze something artificial out of this ProductPoint business.
Blair Abernethy – Thomas Weisel: Okay. Great. Thank you. Last question for Neil, can you just talk a little bit about maintenance renewals and particularly on the Pro/ENGINEER side of the business, which is the bulk of your maintenance base?
Neil Moses: Yes, our maintenance renewal rate, I think we've talked about the fact that last year ,they were down 1% or 2%, which we thought was pretty good in the macroeconomic environment that everyone was experiencing. I think that our maintenance business has held up pretty well. Certainly, we're still feeling a bit of a hangover from last year's soft license revenue, which I think will stay – will continue, we think, for the first half of this year. But we're – we're pretty optimistic that the renewal rates will hold and perhaps increase over the course of the year. And it will be back to grow with both constant currency, otherwise, and our maintenance business from the second half of this fiscal year.
Blair Abernethy – Thomas Weisel: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sasa Zorovic. You may ask your question. Please state your company name.
Sasa Zorovic – Janney Montgomery: Yes. Sasa Zorovic here with Janney Montgomery. My question would be, when you have – obviously being at 11 target domino deals and talking about a target – sorry, 11 actual deals and target of 12 by the end of the fiscal year. It seems to be to get to the target with just one for the remainder of the year. So I wanted to make sure, are you just keeping the target of 12 to be very conservative? Or should we anticipate – should we interpret this as probably a slowdown at the rate of – of the domino deals being added? Because looking at this and also you delivered a score in this past quarter that that target of 12 should be up for the whole year.
Jim Heppleman: Yes, it's Jim. I'll take that one, Sasa. Clearly, we're going to blow through the target of 12, at current course and speed. We could lift that target. You make a good argument, we should lift the target. I think PTC's deal is – maybe we should change our focus a little bit to how are we driving revenue off those dominoes as opposed to how may dominoes are we landing. But clearly we're going to do better than 12. And you shouldn't take – you shouldn't read into us not changing that target. I think we're just simply changing our focus a little bit to the license revenue forecast, the 50% growth and so forth. It's probably the thing we ought to be talking here about at this point. But I think we should take it under advisement to reconsider the domino target.
Neil Moses: Yes, Jim. It's Neil, let me just add to that. I think what we're saying is, remember we talked about the dominoes as a signpost that PTC was winning in a pretty unhealthy macroeconomic environment. As the environment begins to improve and we're – we are starting to win more of these domino accounts, the true measure of success here is overall revenue growth and license revenue growth. And I think you're seeing the first stages of that in two months.
Sasa Zorovic – Janney Montgomery: Thank you. Now my second question would be regarding your indirect business. So clearly the business had started picking up on the direct side and with the large buyers. But on the SMB side, I'm wondering what – what could be done there? Is it really just an – is it really an economy story? And is it just we're to wait for that or is it something that could be done PTC-specific in order to accelerate the recovery of that business?
Dick Harrison: Jim, you want that one?
Jim Heppleman: Yes. I'm happy to take that. I think it's largely a macroeconomic issue. I think it's well understood that the smaller companies suffered more on the downturn and are more cautious about coming back and spending money as things improve. So I think PTC will continue to work our own programs to make sure we're getting our fair share or more so of whatever spend level exists there. But I think that fundamentally, we're still seeing depressed spend levels in the small and medium businesses, and we don't see the kind of acceleration now that we're seeing in the larger enterprises.
Sasa Zorovic – Janney Montgomery: And then my final question would be, you mentioned your share – share-shifting in the markets who are favoring, obviously looking at that 2x2 Matrix in your growth rate for the enterprise still in business. One easily can follow that. But I take it that your comment really implies for all the four – four quadrants specifically. Am I right in interpreting it like that? So it's not just for one, it really is for each and everyone, right?
Jim Heppleman: I'm not sure I understand the question.
Sasa Zorovic – Janney Montgomery: So that you are gaining share in each one of these four market segments as identified by your 2x2 Matrix.
Jim Heppleman: Yes. I'm not sure we could say we're gaining share in all four, just to be honest. I think in the upper left box, the large enterprise CAD, I think there are no meaningful share shifts happening in any direction, nor would we forecast them. So I think that – I think that we're holding our own and participating well in the lower left, that is to say the SMB CAD market. We are definitely taking significant share in the lower right, that is the SMB PLM market. And we are taking dramatic chunks of share in the upper right, the large enterprise PLM market.
Sasa Zorovic – Janney Montgomery: Great. Thank you very much for your clarification.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sterling Auty. You may ask your question. Please state your company name.
Sterling Auty – J.P. Morgan: Yes. Thank you, J.P. Morgan. So following up on a couple of things, first on the domino deals. How would you characterize the timing on when those deals close given that you closed four? Were all those expected to close next quarter or did some of them actually land a little bit earlier than what you might have thought originally?
Dick Harrison: Yes, Jim. Let me just think for a second.
Jim Heppleman: Yes, Dick. I think there was one notable and – and meaningful transaction here that probably came in earlier than we thought. We might have forecasted it as Q2 business, but the deal was ready and so we took it on good terms. So I think by and large though, that was the sort of business that we expected in the quarter with one notable exception.
Dick Harrison: Right.
Sterling Auty – J.P. Morgan: Okay. So the comments about not updating the target number of domino deals, what I'm saying is that some of us have looked at it as a turnaround or your improvement is coming from doing these large deals. So if the focus is going to be on license revenue, is there perhaps maybe a metric that you want to share going forward like the amount of license revenue that comes from deals over a certain threshold that we can get a sense as to how you're – how you're commoditizing those opportunities?
Jim Heppleman: Neil, you can feel free to add here. But I think the most important metric is WindChill revenue in general, and then WindChill license revenue as leading edge to the sphere here. That's what I would focus on. Whether those WindChill revenue comes from a large collection of small and medium sized deals or a few big ones, I think it's less important in the given quarter. You might actually argue that large collection of medium-sized deals is a better and more reliable platform. So I think that, you have to remember that the dominoes don't all produce huge transactions for us, nor do we necessarily want them to do. We want them to be huge annuities, not huge orders; not huge, one-time transactions. So a lot of times in a given quarter, revenue from a domino would fall below some artificial threshold. Nonetheless, it happens four quarters in a row in a given year and it ends up being pretty important in the context of our revenue in that given year even though in any one quarter it might not have been a million dollar license transaction, for example.
Dick Harrison: And I don't want to start giving a whole bunch of different ways to measure things and – we'll go back and rethink the dominoes, as Jim said, we're going to blow through the number, the 12 number. What we thought – again just to reiterate it, what's most important was the concept of dominoes when we couldn't – you gave us a lot of questions in the last year about, "Well if you think you guys are winning, why don't we see it." So we tried to use the dominoes to illustrate that. There's no better illustration than 50% license revenue growth. And in a reiteration of 50%, again, what company, public or private, anywhere in the world today, for greater than $50 million in revenues is doing 50% license growth? I think there was a lot of skepticism yesterday about whether or not we do 20% license growth. So the dominoes are important sign post, as Neil called them, and we're going to continue to report on. More importantly, there is 150 other displacements behind them, a very large pipeline, and the license revenue is growing at 50%. So that to me is what is compelling about the report today.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, maybe last one last comment which is that – yes, it was 50% license growth in the first quarter. It looks like it'll be that in the second quarter. And I think we've committed to 30% license growth for the year. I don't think at this point there are a lot of software companies that are talking about 30% license growth for the year. And you may be able to attribute one quarter's worth of license growth to a number of large transactions. But 30% over the year, you have to look at that to be pretty broad-based. And then maybe one more comment, I think we actually provide, from the metric's perspective, more information you get from most people, particularly with the Fourbox [ph] information we started to report this quarter, license service and maintenance by Fourbox, so. I challenge you, Sterling, to find anybody else really actually that's providing the level of detail around their progress that's equal to or greater than we're providing today.
Neil Moses: I think one important point is we use the dominoes and displacements that signal our leadership position in the industry in our market. But remember, we have a very small penetration even in our unsold base with enterprise Windchill. So our opportunities for growth doesn't rest just on displacement or dominoes.
Dick Harrison: Okay?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies: Yes. Jefferies. Congratulations on the – a great quarter. Just on the big deals, the average deal size that we picked up a lot here. So is there any color you could provide on out of the $10 million – over $1 million, how many were (inaudible) deals?
Dick Harrison: Ross, we'll not get into starting to report on the size of deals and – customers don't want us to, and so forth. We've been consistently reporting the deals over $1 million and you can see it in quarter. There were 10 deals over $1 million. A year ago there were nine. The average deal size in the year ago quarter I think was $2.5 million. And this quarter, it was about $5 million. I tried to describe that earlier when I said that we're getting – the customers are doing pilots. They're realizing value. Just to try to give you an illustration, companies are trying to – let's say, they're working together to build an engine at a particular car, and auto engine. Multiple designers are across the globe because they're globalizing their engineering. And they're updating their designs real time, and communicating, and collaborating, and they're building pilots to demonstrate this. It's like instant messaging for product development and our competitors are using the UPS. So they're building pilots and validating the impacts of our software. We have one – one customer, which is a domino – this quarter told us the productivity impact versus the solution from the competitor was 10x, not 2x, 10x. So it is sometimes difficult for us to predict the size of these deals in a – in a quarter. We have a negotiation, and what we found in the first quarter, we might see it in the second quarter and the balance of the year is that the deal sizes are picking up because the footprint is bigger. The value that we create is better. And it's easier for them to build in ROI. So to some degree, we actually don't know what's going to happen with those deal sizes.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, Ross. I think it's an interesting exercise here. If you rank those top 10 big deals by size and then cross off the top two, we would have still had a pretty decent quarter.
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies: That's helpful color. Thank you. Just maybe, one full – two follow ups, one is just on that competitive environment. I think you talked historically about really this thing at two horse race between yourselves and (inaudible) GGS [ph]. Do you feel like you're further distancing yourself from them now? Were there some dynamics that's leading to a better win rate versus them? I'm just curious about that. Thanks.
Dick Harrison: Jim, you want that one?
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I'll take that. First of all, roughly a third of the dominoes we've been talking about has been Siemens' displacements. I think our win rate against Siemens is a notch – let's say our displacement rate against Siemens is a notch below that against Dassault. But a win rate in the green field environment is really high right now. There were a couple of dominoes, one which was the GE account, the GE healthcare account, which was a major displacement of the Siemens incumbent position, which obviously we're pretty happy about. There were a couple of others, Otis, for example, I think called it out the press release. These are actually customers turning off the Siemens software and switching to the PTC software. But what we talk less about is the fact that in the EADS benchmark, Siemens was there and competed like crazy, and we walked out with the win there, too. I think we're doing very well against both. I think that Dassault is very vulnerable at this point and we're capitalizing on that.
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies: That's helpful. And then last one, Neil, just – just on the OpEx. Obviously there are some drivers here when you have such a strong quarter from a license perspective. But the sequential increase, given the headcount was flat, any color you can add to that just in terms of either rolling back, salary increases, or other suppressed costs, so that we can understand, we can have that shape looks for the remainder of the year? Thanks.
Neil Moses: I think if – if you look at what happened in Q1, the principal issue was the commissions related to a higher license revenue, which we're obviously happy to pay. If you look going forward, Ross, there's – there's a number – a couple of things involved. I think we've talked about the fact that we want to continue to invest in the business. We'll be investing in distribution capacity, both with direct sales or some channel, maybe making a little bit more investment around R&D as well. And then, I think we also talked in our prepared remarks around the fact that there was some, if you will, temporarily cutbacks that we made last year that impacted PTC employees and we'll make – look to make some investments back in our employee base as well as the year progresses. That's really where the target is – investments are planned. I think we've given guidance around the fact that our – fundamentally, our OpEx will be probably a shade over $850 million for this year. So if you look at the fact that we spent with around 213, 214 for Q1 looks like the standing pool and the balance of the year will be relatively consistent with that.
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies: That's helpful. Thanks a lot. Congrats again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question come from Mike Olson. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray: All right. It's Piper Jaffray. And congratulations on the good quarter. This is actually a follow-up on that last question. You mentioned the prepared remarks about some of the temporarily reduced costs coming back, which definitely makes sense. Would you be, Neil, willing to quantify the level of expenses removed in '09 that will return in 2010?
Neil Moses: I think you could look at the OpEx right now. It's just over $850 million versus – if you look our initial guidance, you would have seen a number more like $810 and $815 million. Probably ultimately about half of that increment will go into new investment and probably half of it will go back into the some of these programs that were foregone. The other comment to make, Mike, is that we had increased our tax rate estimate for the year, as you probably saw, from 23% to 25%. The highest tax rate jurisdiction for PTC worldwide is the US. And obviously, the US is performing extraordinarily well. And so, that's a largely good news story, but at least on the tax rate line, it's a little bit of a bad news story.
Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray: Okay. That makes sense. One more Neil. As far as the pro-forma gross margin, it's been in low 70s for a couple of quarters now. Is that sustainable? How should we think about gross margin for the remainder of the year, maybe what are the factors that could move that back into the high 60s or keep it here in the low 70s?
Neil Moses: I think that number is sustainable.
Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thanks very much.
Dick Harrison: You're welcome.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question come from Greg Dunham. You may ask your question and please state your common name.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: Yes, Deutsche Bank. A quick follow up on the large deal activity. How much of the $50 million in large deals were due to the four new dominoes? What I really want to get to is – is the follow through from past signs.
Dick Harrison: I don't know. I mean I still think about it.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: Would you say that the ASC on a new business is less than the average that you had?
Dick Harrison: I don't know. Neil, do you even have that data?
Neil Moses: I don't want to guess at it. Yes. Again on that, all that large deal activity is domino activity, right?
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: Yes. I guess the point that I'm trying to make is I think investors would be concerned if you signed four new big deals. That's really what draw the upside. Then you're not raising your domino account going forward. If that's the case, I think people maybe a little cautious on the license growth looking ahead. However, if more of the revenue upside is driven from past deals, then I think investors will have a little bit more comfort as you move forward.
Dick Harrison: Yes. I think if we go back to – e have to go think about it and do a little more analysis on it. I don't want to guess that right here. I think we'd stick to what we tried to describe as that domino initially starts with the pilot. They might do $2 million or $3 million the first year. I think we said that as they get into their second and third year, they're moving more towards $5 million with license maintenance and service. That can get bigger as they – as they do some of these deployments. I think that's a good proxy for what happened. It's possible that a – that a new account, a new domino, for whatever reason, sees the value and just says, “Okay. I'm going to go faster.”
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Dick Harrison: We're going to get some of those. I think the vast majority are going into today's market, they're going to do what we described for you, which is to start slowly, validate the value that they get from it, and then deploy a bigger footprint over time.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Dick Harrison: If it makes you feel any better, we would not have given guidance about the second quarter license revenue where it is if we thought that it came from a few big surprise deals that weren't going to happen again.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, nor would we lift our annual guidance to 30% either, so.
Dick Harrison: Exactly. That's exactly right. I can tell you that the Q2 number actually, there are five or so deals out there that we know are going to happen, not necessarily this quarter, that are in the range of $4 million to $5 million. There's a really nice mix for Q2 of good-sized deals, nice ones, not explosive deals. Are we going to get all $5 million or $6 million? There's $5 million or $6 million that are in that $4 million to $5 million range. Are we going to get them all? No. Could the customer decide, “Oh, at the last minute I'm going to do half those seats instead of all of what we might project?” Yes. So those are the dimensions that occur in a negotiation at the end of a quarter or during the middle of the quarter, however it might be. It makes it difficult to give you some – some of these exact answers that you're looking for. But there's a really nice short term mix of deals. Some are new. Most are more established customers that have done their pilots that are – that are right there for this quarter. And if we don't get one, or two, or three of them this quarter for whatever reason, we'll get them the following quarter because they're – they're basically in per term kind of deals.
Jim Heppelmann: Dick, just reflecting on this domino discussion is kind of interesting because as Neil said, we wanted to show you last year when there was very little spend in the system that we have an equitable competitive advantage. And dominoes really meant big accounts where we're going into a hostile situation in terms of a competitor being incumbent, or us having no incumbency position in the green field environment and we're able to either defeat or displace the competitors in this difficult, away game-type environment. So I think clearly from the discussion here, you all appreciate the power of being able to do that. And I think it was sort of PTCs miscue that we thought the dominoes would give us evidence until we could supplant that evidence with revenue evidence. And then the body of discussion would shift over to revenue. But clearly, I think you're all pretty interested here in our ability to continue displacing competitors, and it's not flowing down at all. We just assume that your level of interest will shift to revenue. But if I was in the room with Dick and these guys, I'd probably write a number on the board, and they would forecast or up the target.
Dick Harrison: If you want, we can do that.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: I think we should. I mean I can't make eye contact with you here to see what's the right new target. Clearly, we're not saying we're stopping at 12. We just didn't bother to update the forecast thinking that the discussion would now shift to revenue viewing dominoes as a bridge to revenue. But I think it is important that we continue to displace competitors in difficult environments. That's (inaudible) slow down at all.
Dick Harrison: You want to just rate it to 15?
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: Sure, 15.
Dick Harrison: Okay. That's it. We'll do 15, and as we go through it, we'll give you an update on it. But I think underlying the questions in there. They are good questions and we appreciate them actually because they do cause to – to reflect. But if the concern is that we had an aberration and got lucky and a couple of deals drove things, I'm telling you, unequivocally, that the pipeline and the forecast continues to grow. Paul Cunningham had a forecast review worldwide yesterday. The forecast inside the company here, his forecast, the pipeline grew. At this point, that's a good sign. So there were more deals in there. They're best case deals, but the deals are growing. And that's why we're going to add more direct sales reps and we're going to invest in the business. This is not an aberration. We have separated ourselves from the competition. We have unambiguous leadership in the – technically, in the Windchill space. We talked about GE Healthcare just a little bit. We didn't really describe that. I don't want to get into too much of it. But they had an incumbent, Siemens, for 25 years in the engineering department. Dassault Matrix is in the enterprise. They had two incumbents we had almost no footprint. They bought a little company that's some PRO/ECs. And we begged them to include us in an evaluation because they wanted to make a consolidation decision. I personally met with the CTO who told me, "I'll let you in." I flew out there. "I'll let you in, but you have no chance." A year later, we displaced Siemens, that the initial order is to displace Siemens, and it's Pro/ENGINEER and Windchill. They're going to expand that footprint for the entire enterprise. So how do we win that deal? It wasn't close. The technical evaluation at the end of the day really wasn't close. And that's really what we want you to take away from the results and our confidence that it's not an aberration. The upside was not an aberration. Some of the deals that we've been working on got bigger than we thought they were going to get.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: Thank you. That's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Davis. You may ask your question. Please state your company name.
Richard Davis – Needham & Company: Historically, the Windchill, back several years ago certainly, was a lower margin business than the CAD business because you were investing in it and things like that. And so, you've actually done a good job. And it looks to continue this year, increasing margins. But the Windchill business, if I'm correct, is – is maybe on a fully cost-allocated basis, lower margin. So how do you, from an outsider standpoint – unless you want to give us the cost accounting breakdown. But from an outsider standpoint, how do you – how should we think about the way you guys manage, grow first as margins? Is this even a correct assumption from an outsider's standpoint.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, Richard. This is Jim. Clearly, that's a correct assumption. But I want to go back to the commitment as a management team we made was the 20% earnings growth on a sustainable basis. We want to do 20% earnings growth five years in a row. Now if you back down a level, the recipe for how we want to do that is three parts revenue growth, one part margin expansion. So clearly, we need a balance of some margin expansion, which we definitely think can come through leverage on the revenue growth and so forth, grow revenue faster than expenses. Clearly, we have a strong focus to drive that earnings growth on the back of revenue growth. So that's a little bit the balancing act here. We have a portfolio of products. Some are extremely profitable and not growing fast. Others, on the other hand, are growing extremely fast and less profitable. You put that portfolio together and it works pretty well against this 20% earnings growth strategy, which I think people felt like a pretty aggressive strategy.
Richard Davis – Needham & Company: That's a correct statement because I talked to guys inside your firm and they were all like, "Man, this is a big – laughter [ph]." You did set the – you did set the high jump bar high so in that respect, you're correct. Okay. Thanks very much. That's my question.
Dick Harrison: And I think, Richard, there's no question the desktop business is – it's – the Pro/E business, the desktop business, there's a smaller – there's a very low service component, and so it's more profitable. What I see here going forward with the license revenue acceleration on the Windchill part of the business is we get a better mix if we can of license versus services. That'll help drive better operating margins as well.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean I think on a year-over-year basis, we're going to add $100 million of Windchill, roughly let's say, in 2010 versus 2009. We'll certainly not add $800 million of underlying expense to that. So clearly, the Windchill business is getting more profit – profitable as we scale it.
Richard Davis – Needham & Company: Yes. And I don't think it's just the licensing service mix. It's a maintenance (inaudible) too, right?
Jim Heppelmann: Absolutely.
Richard Davis – Needham & Company: Got it.
Dick Harrison: One of the things that was in the note just – because it just hit my mind a little bit as we talked about it, but the Windchill business – what was it, a $122 million? $122 million. It's going to be close to a – it has a run rate of a $500 million enterprise business. This thing really has some momentum.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. And I mean to put that into perspective, $500 million, Richard, is about the size of Anthes [ph]. $500 million is twice the size of Dassault PLM products all put together. It's really a situation now where we have the number one product out there in front by a considerable distance and moving at twice the velocity of everybody else. So I mean it's a – it's a good spot to be in – in a good market.
Richard Davis – Needham & Company: Got it.
Dick Harrison: But I think it'll be interesting to contrast – we don't get the Siemens results. They're not public. But we think overall, they're going to have negative license revenue like most software companies. And it'll be interesting to see what Dassault has when they announce in a couple of weeks. But the contrast will be – will be interesting to take a look at. What else?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Leishauer [ph]. You can ask your question and please state your company name.
Jay Leishauer – Dakana Rook Securities: Dakana Rook Securities [ph]. Thanks. Good morning. For Neil first, with respect to your comments earlier on reinvesting and distribution as your – as your initial priority for reinvesting back in the business. Could you be a little bit more explicit about that? When we look at your direct sales headcount, it's down again sequentially about 270 heads. That's not only down from recent numbers, but probably the lowest in – early the 90s. Given everything you've been talking about on – on growing the enterprise business, what's your objective for growing that number and where might that be by the end of the fiscal year? And on the indirect side, for Jim, to what extent is distribution capacity an issue for ProductPoint? For instance, do you need to sign up some material part of either the Autodesk or SolidWorks channels for them to carry ProductPoint as a kind of complementary product to the – to their CAD businesses.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Hey, Neil, the risk is stepping on your toes here. I want to comment on the first piece as well, and then I'll turn it over to you. I mean, Jay, you're on to something interesting, which is when you have the kind of competitive advantage that we have in the marketplace right now, the last thing you want to do is let your distribution channel shrink, right? So clearly, we need to invest in the distribution channel. Last year, when we took cost out of the system, we took some of it out of distribution thinking that still with a little spend in the market that some of those distribution would prove productive anyway. I think now we see spend coming back in. We see us – ourselves getting at this proportion and amount of it. It makes sense for us to significantly lift the number of direct sales that counts, and so forth, and go after that opportunity. So I'll let Neil comment more on the magnitude of it. But I think you're on exactly the right point, which is it doesn't make sense to let the size of various sales force shrink given this opportunity. And then just while I have the microphone here, I'll hit the second part. I think that that's also an interesting question on ProductPoint in the SMB space. We have a pretty good SMB channel that covers our Pro/ENGINEER base. And I'd say that that channel will do a very effective job in – in covering the distribution opportunity within the PTC base. But you're right, there's a huge – huge base of Autodesk customers who basically have no PLM solution, but certainly would be interested in a SharePoint solution for – for PLM. And there's a huge base of SolidWorks customers who are in the same boat. So we at PTC are coming up with some strategies. We'll maybe unveil them a bit down the road, but coming up with some new ways to potentially take our products directly into their base and capitalize on this open window of opportunity to become the main PLM supplier in the – those types of customer bases.
Jay Leishauer – Dakana Rook Securities: Okay. With respect to the displacement business. You implied earlier, Jim, that your win rate against Dassault is perhaps better than, again, Siemens. And these are two questions there. Are you essentially giving them no credit or little credit the – to V6 that would allow them to at least protect their base if not necessarily grow their PLM business.
Jim Heppelmann: I'm glad you asked that question because it's worth clarifying a little bit. I think our win rate against both is high. I think that Dassault has a customer base, which is frustrated and very vulnerable. A lot of them are in the mood to switch products. They feel like they bought something from Dassault trying to get an advantage in the business, and now look at it, they say, "This is not an advantage. It's a disadvantage. And we need to switch to something that is an advantage again because it doesn't make any sense to keep paying maintenance on something that's you are not yielding any competitive upside anyway." So I think that we happen to have had a number of significant displacements in the Dassault base and a pretty good amount in the Siemens base as well, and then a competitive win rate in green field opportunities against both that's pretty high, so. I think we're – we're doing pretty well. I had not seen any material evidence that suggests V6 is a magic wand. In fact, it'll be interesting to see what Dassault's PLM numbers look like when they come on to you on February 11th, everybody, and we can do a compare and contrast. If their PLM numbers have the same spring in the steps that PTC does, well maybe – maybe the customer base is listening to the V6 story. On the other hand, if they don't show that kind of a trend, then I think we can read into that as well.
Jay Leishauer – Dakana Rook Securities: Lastly, in your prepared remarks, you have an interesting table for your active maintenance paying base. What you seem to have done is update your historical numbers for the Windchill base. So when we look at that versus previous quarters, we can infer how much Windchill seems to have gone out in connection with Pro/E package. And it looks like it's a fairly large number. And so the question is, what's your long term expectation of that mix of how Windchill has sold in terms of attached to Pro/E and some kind of configuration as we see for your new numbers versus just going out perhaps as a discrete PLM product attached to someone else's CAD product?
Jim Heppelmann: (inaudible) do you, Jay? It's an interesting question. If you think about it logically, one of the places we would have sold Windchill first would be to those customers that we have the strongest, deepest relationship with, that is to say the company's and the actual users, in fact, who use Pro/ENGINEER. So I think you could imagine our Windchill business, if you looked at it 20 years from now, thinking back historically, you could imagine revenue being front-end loaded by Pro/E users. But I think, if we think now about these domino accounts, it's a significant number these domino accounts who don't even have Pro/ENGINEER, well almost by definition they wouldn't have Pro/ENGINEER in live basis. So I think over time, yes, the amount of Windchill seats – the percentage of Windchill seats that are attached to a Pro/E seat, I would logically expect to decline over time. But it certainly was a leverage point for us in the early days.
Neil Moses: Okay. I've been patient. I want to come back to this capacity issue for a second. It's interesting. We're actually on track, Jay, for having the most – the highest productivity we've ever had in our direct sales force, higher than we had in 2008. So we absolutely duty to add capacity. And we've got a manager meeting actually in February. We'll make some – make some decisions around that. What other issue, which I think is relevant in terms of capacity which we haven't talked about yet is other signs in our business apart from North America, apart from Windchill. And that is that even though the European business is still soft, it was down year-over-year. It's actually up sequentially against a pretty strong Q4. Our Chinese business was up year-over-year even though Asia remained – overall, Asia remained relatively soft. We saw a growth in our channels sequentially. So the point is that we're seeing some leverage here in terms of growth apart from North – just North America and just Windchill in North America. And so, we're going to – we're going to take a look at what we think is happening in other areas of the business when we consider the capacity constraints that we currently have, and as I said, make some decisions there in terms of investment in February.
Dick Harrison: But Jay, I can't imagine if the number's 270 right now. It's going to be around 300 or whatever. We're going to decide something, but we're going to add it in that range of 30 sales reps. There'll be some technical people. We'll give you the number when we talk next, but it's going to be in that range. It ought to be back up around 300.
Jay Leishauer – Dakana Rook Securities: Thank you.
Dick Harrison: Great. I think we got time for one more – one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our question comes from Steve Koenig. You can ask your question. Please state your company name.
Steve Koenig – Longbow Research: Thank you, Longbow Research. Thanks for getting me on. Maybe I'll shift to the last question to the other part of your business, and one final follow up on PLM. But for CAD, do you all have visibility into – are you starting to get visibility and (inaudible) see CAD to turn positive year-on-year when – when that stability could be seen? So that's my tag question. Then I want to turn back to PLM (inaudible).
Dick Harrison: Yes. Steve, our CAD business was down 6% for the quarter, as you said. I think that we have the ability in either Q3 or Q4 to turn that business positive. It will depend upon how quickly the channel recovers because, to Jim's point earlier, that upper left hand box is relatively low to those – to those business anyway for everybody who participates in it.
Steve Koenig – Longbow Research: You're going to have an easy compass for it.
Jim Heppelmann: That's true.
Steve Koenig – Longbow Research: (inaudible).
Dick Harrison: But we need to see the channel kick in a little bit more than it has. And if that happens, as expected in the second half of the year, we could see growth in Q3 or Q4 in that – in that area.
Steve Koenig – Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks, thanks. And then if I could just ask about PLM, it look like your traction has been obviously very – especially good in North America. Not that your (inaudible) and VLs and EMEA, but – but what's necessary, tactically, to drive that kind of success in North America more into EMEA and other geographies?
Dick Harrison: If you look at the – the dominoes–
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I got a quick count here. Five of the eleven are European.
Dick Harrison: Right. So we probably haven't gotten as much revenue from the ones in Europe. And I think that European spend and rebound of the economy is a little bit lagging behind the US. But as Jim said, almost half of the dominoes are from – from Europe and really big names, good accounts that we've talked about, so. I just think – I think that's just to get a manifestation of it, what stage some of those might be. Are they coming out of the pilot stage and moving into the second year? Are they going to get bigger, faster? We don't always know and can't always predict that. But our pipeline, when we look at it, it's not skewed towards North America. There's a really nice balance throughout the pipeline for the rest of the year across all the geographies. There are even some interesting deals, I wouldn't call them large yet, in Japan where there are a couple of consolidation deals that are going on right now, and we think we're winning, so. China looks solid. Jim and I are both going to Asia this weekend. I'm not really looking forward to that trip, but there's – there's activity – there's enough activity where both of us are jumping on planes. And we're going to different places, and then we're convening on one place at the same time. So it's not all North American-centric.
Steve Koenig – Longbow Research: Okay. That's great. Thanks again. Congrats on the quarter and safe travel.
Kristian Talvitie: Okay. And is that it for questions?
Dick Harrison: Thanks again for the time. And we'll see what happens with this quarter. I think some of the questions really were around, "Is the upside that we had in the license revenue in particular repeatable?" We really do have a lot of confidence given the pipeline, and the size of the deal opportunities, and the value that we're creating from our customers, and the way that customers talk with us about the return on investment and so forth that – that we're going to have a strong second quarter and a strong year. So we look forward to giving those reports as they happen. Thanks again for the time.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your line.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristian Talvitie -- VP, Corporate Communications Dick Harrison -- Chairman and CEO Neil Moses -- EVP and CFO Jim Heppelmann -- President and COO
Analysts: Sasa Zorovic -- Janney Montgomery Greg Dunham -- Deutsche Bank Mike Olson -- Piper Jaffray Sterling Auty -- JP Morgan  Richard Davis -- Needham & Co. Embrano [ph] -- Jefferies & Co. Blair Abernethy -- Thomas Weisel Partners Yun Kim -- Broadpoint AmTech Ben Cadillac [ph] -- First Investors
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the PTC’s third quarter fiscal year 2009 results conference call. After brief comments by management, we’ll go directly into the question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Kristian Talvitie, PTC’s Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Kristian Talvitie: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Just quickly before we get started, this conference call and web cast may include forward-looking statements regarding PTC's future operations, prospects, expected financial performance for products. Any such statements will be based on the current assumptions of PTC's management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in PTC's Form 8-K filed yesterday and in its most recent forms 10-Q and Form 10-K on file with the SEC. PTC will use non GAAP measures to describe its results of operations and expected future financial performance. A reconciliation between the non GAAP measures and the comparable GAAP measures is located in the financial and operating metrics document on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com. With that, I would like to turn it over to Dick Harrison for some brief opening comments and then we will open the call up to Q&A. I think as everybody knows we published the prepared remarks yesterday, they are also available on our website, so we are not going to get into the lengthy discussion there, but Dick has a few words to say to kick us off. Dick?
Dick Harrison: Okay, Kristian, thanks a lot, and I will be straight and pretty brief here. We have a little bit of an advantage. The management team is calling from an off-site meeting that we have in New Hampshire every year where we do some planning for next year and we have the leadership from the worldwide sales organization here for the last three days. We have had a chance not only to review what has happened so far this fiscal year but also to think about Q4 and get some input about next year. And one of the comments I would make is that it feels like the business has bottomed out. I think that was represented in the quarterly results, which were pretty similar in the June quarter to the March quarter. But the attitude of the salespeople is such that things have bottomed out, I wouldn't say they see a lot of upside for next year but we are talking about growth for next year, and I think that is a good indication. It certainly seems when we talk to the sales leadership that we're winning. Our products are extremely strong today and very differentiated from those of the competition. Our customer satisfaction reports show that the customers again have never been happier. We know from the people that that we have hired and just anecdotally in the work we're doing that our competitors have never been more nervous than they are today. Our employees, which we survey every year, are confident and committed. We have a validation of some of the positive things that I'm alluding to in our ongoing win list in the domino accounts and we will be more specific about that in a few minutes. Our support people, the presales people gave us a review during the week here. We're winning all of the technical benchmarks around the world. In addition to the domino account, and I think that this is something that we want to spend more time on, I don't want to water down the importance of the domino account that each of the three major geographies, North America, Europe and Asia Pacific, has a list of very recognizable named accounts that are owned by our competitors, that have active displacement campaigns today in addition to the domino account. And we will also try to quantify this as we speak later on in the Q&A about what the revenue potential might be. So we -- and then finally I guess I would say we have an unbelievably nice product portfolio that is going to be released each quarter during the next 12 months that I feel is going to further add to our product differentiation and our advantage today. And if it comes up in some of the Q&A, maybe Jim can talk more about that. But in addition to the advantage that we have today, there is a really exciting list of new products that we're going to be introducing again over the next 12 months. So with that as an introduction, why don't we open it up for Q&A? No questions?
Operator: (Operator instructions). One moment for the first question, and our first question is from Sasa Zorovic with Janney Montgomery. Go ahead, your line is open.
Sasa Zorovic -- Janney Montgomery: Yes, thank you. So we did a quarter that was characterized by very strong license revenue and really strong performance in Europe and America. Now why was Asia departed from that?
Neil Moses: Well, Sasa. It is Neil. You know I think actually this quarter was difficult for Asia and you know it is a little bit of a tale of two cities there. Quite frankly the second quarter was a little bit difficult also. Japan, as you know, has been challenging not only for PTC but for most technology companies for some time. So that is not really new news. I think in the Pac-Rim and in China specifically, we have seen performance has been down year over year in the last couple of quarters. Again back to the Dick's discussion earlier about having the sales leadership in here the last couple of days, I think the folks that are in that region of the world actually feel pretty good about the fact that they think things have bottomed out there and are beginning to recover. But I think really in the last couple of quarters as we have seen in Europe, we have seen the lagging effect if you will of the recession that has been going on in North America for quite some time. But I think there is a feeling that the Pacific Rim marketplace is going to recover more quickly than the US did.
Sasa Zorovic -- Janney Montgomery: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Greg Dunham with Deutsche Bank. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Greg Dunham -- Deutsche Bank: Yes, thank you. Wanted to hit on the domino account that you mentioned, it has been almost a year since the EADS deal (inaudible) could you give us a sense of the progress thus far revenue contribution or anything on roll out statistics to give us a sense of how that is going and how we can see some of these other accounts needs license revenue going forward?
Dick Harrison: Well, I'll take a shot at the non-revenue piece, Neil, you begin.
Neil Moses: Sure. I think we're making good progress. You know since that time we – Airbus subsequently committed to deploy Windchill on the A-350 program and that is well underway and doing well. We have started up a project, Eurocopter. There is a couple of other projects in the planning phases and some of the other business units, Astrium and so forth. So I think good solid progress. There is a plan around the A-400 which you know is a program at Airbus that is a little bit in limbo, and they're trying to figure out how to get that program restarted, not with PLM piece but the aircraft program itself. So I think we are making the kind of progress we would have expected. There was some upfront license revenue in that deal and then there was quite a bit of ongoing services revenue as we view the performance and I don't if anyone wants to add any color on that.
Dick Harrison: I think we have to be careful about in terms of disclosing revenue by customer.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. We don't disclose revenue by customer in this way. Airbus is our a number one customer by a factor of you know two to three the times and I think that just gives you the, if you will, the idea of the power behind the domino strategy and the potential that they are to unlock a huge opportunity for PTC. If we talk about our most recent wins in dominos, whether they be this quarter or last quarter for example on Nokia, I think we have commented in the past that we have won these very extensive competitive benchmarks but we have also commented on the fact that they haven't really translated into meaningful revenue as of yet given the current market environment that we are in. And so we are less focused on at least this year driving meaningful revenue contributions out of those wins than we're knocking down those wins and performing successfully as a pilot and setting ourselves up to where revenues success of those accounts in 2010 and beyond.
Dick Harrison: So as an illustration you mentioned that we sort of began talking about this. I think we landed the EADS order and as Jim described, they are really six big divisions inside EADS, all of which now have plans to consolidate and standardize on the Windchill. Since we knocked that down in roughly the September timeframe, we did get the you know an introductory order at Nokia. That is not necessarily a displacement deal at all but a complementary deal that is important to us and has upside and potential. We knocked down I think in the April time frame the Volvo group companies which were using the source products for PLM for data management exclusively. And there are old press releases out that from four or five years ago when they said that (inaudible) was their standard and going to be going forward. That has been replaced now with the Windchill Strategy. Subsequently this quarter, we won an important position at Otis Elevators, the United Technologies Corporation company. We already had one in the carrier division there, so now we have – we are the standard at two big divisions inside UTC, a 50 or $60 billion company, and Otis was using a competitor's product and not our own in that space. Caterpillar selected us for the first time in the data management area for a very important project and we consider that an important domino account. And there was a large German retailer that had previously selected (inaudible) product. They merged with an American company that was using Windchill and the de facto standard today now is Windchill for all of their new acquisition in terms of procurements, and they made a nice procurement again this quarter. You know if I were to try to quantify a little bit and build on what you Neil talked about, before I say that, we promised you I think 10 domino accounts before the end of 2010 and today we are at six. So in the first nine months of three quarters, we have done six big dominoes and there are more coming. We feel pretty confident about that 10 number, I'm not going to raise it today, but there is a really good pipeline there. I would say at a higher level that what we think is that these accounts once they become mature let us say in the second or third year, if we prove out well in the pilot stage, they should be doing between 5 million and $10 million a year, pretty easily. If you add up software, services and maintenance, an important domino account should easily do 5 million a year and more likely 10, and there is upside on top of that. We have other accounts that we have that aren't necessarily called domino accounts that are doing that kind of revenue. So we would be pretty disappointed if a domino account wasn't actually doing in that range of 5 to 10 million a year with a potential for upside if they were to adopt our entire footprint.
Jim Heppelmann: One more thing I want to add, we have got every significant order from Lenovo in the quarter and that too is a domino account. We're not going to count it in the 10 because we had secured our first foot in the door prior to committing to that ten. So we're not going to count it in the 10 but this too is a case… you know was, Lenovo obviously was an ex IBM business unit and naturally they had committed to this whole product line. And I think that probably the largest license order we have got last quarter came from Lenovo which was buying the Windchill seats having done the pilot project successfully and the Windchill seats to complete the full displacement and really move on to standardize the Windchill. So that is another domino account for you. A major international global company…
Dick Harrison: 25 billion or so in revenue…
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, deciding to switch over to our technology and sort of abandon the path they had been on.
Dick Harrison: It's a good illustration, Jim, also from what I was saying from the standpoint that probably in the first year they did low single digits in terms of revenue for us and this year they will definitely be between the 5 million and 10 million in terms of revenue for us. So that is a good illustration in terms of what we are talking about. In the second year with that company, they will follow some of the characteristics that I was describing in terms of how we can grow that account. Next question please?
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. Go ahead, your line is open.
Mike Olson -- Piper Jaffray: All right, thanks. Good morning. Can you just review some of the new product introductions that you alluded to in the opening remarks?
Dick Harrison: Yes. You know naturally our main products today revenue wise are Pro/ENGINEER and Windchill. There is a new release of Pro/ENGINEER that just came into the market in July this month, 1.405, we're pretty excited about that. That has got a set of new capabilities, quite a few improvements throughout the product. It is just another shot in the arm really of strength for the full engineering product line. On the Windchill side, there has been a number of sort of ongoing developments against the 9.1 release, which is currently in the market, and in fact we're in the process right now of shipping this type release a new requirement package. So we really significantly expanded the footprint and the preliminary feedback I'm getting from the field is pretty darn positive. Okay, so going on beyond that then our ProductPoint, you know our SharePoint-based solutions, we have shipped the 1.1 version, which was the follow-up, and at that point we had committed to 100 deals and my math says we are at 83 right now. We're a little ahead of our target there too. So we have shipped this 1.1 product or about to ship it I should say this which will sort of fill in a couple of gaps you know typically a 1.0 product might have a few gaps and then there is a 1.1 product that kind of shows up and plugs those gaps over there. We acquired the Relex Technology and you know are in the process of introducing that to our sales force and our customer base and so forth. We had a pretty good quarter with this synapses acquisition. We had made, when was it, last November, that this environmental compliance solution. So that is a new product and we have got a decent pipeline there and actually did a quarter that was ahead of our forecast there (inaudible). Then there are some development projects we're working on. I think we talked a little bit about bringing Relex and Synapsis together into this InSight platform, that was pretty exciting. We have committed internally now to go do a project around in embedded software solution, which we're pretty excited about. We're expanding significantly our SharePoint footprint, and in fact in partnership with Microsoft we are building out a product portfolio of management solutions based on SharePoint Project Server and Portfolio Server, which are three of Microsoft sort of main enterprise technology. So anyway you can see there the big pipeline. It starts through with Pro/E is solid and sort of holding its own and growing generally SMB space, maybe not in the last year, but as that space comes back, Pro/E will be fine. Windchill is just on a sort of land grab right now. We're expanding the print footprint. We are winning big accounts after big account after big account and then we're planting the seed for sort of the next generation growth engines on SharePoint and around this InSight product and we are excited to be in embedded software and so forth. So we feel like we have sort of historical strength, current strength and really are planting the seeds of future growth strength as well.
Dick Harrison: So in the next 12 months you're going to see as Jim ticked through roughly 8 major product releases or upgrades to the core product that are going to be significant and we're really excited about that. Windchill 10, the beta version of Windchill 10, which is you know we have already seen a little bit of, is going to be out in the next 12 months as well, and it is just going to change – it is going to change the paradigm actually in terms of ease of use for these data management solution and it's a really exciting release. So we just think we're going to extend our competitive advantage. InSight, Windchill 9.1, the maintenance release, which is another important investment area for us and I will talk about it because it is related to the domino account, is we have got a significant number of developers that work on integrating our competitors authoring tools or CAD tools into the Windchill database. So it is becoming easier and easier for us and that is how we won the Volvo deal and a number of these other deals to go in and tell the customer, okay, keep your Catia seats or your NX seats, and then we will manage them directly with the Windchill product. So what we talk about there is something technical called heterogeneous designing context and work through managers. But we are able to manage our competitors CAD files better than they can at this point and so there's a tremendous amount of ongoing development and point releases that substantiate that in these competitive benchmark and domino wins.
Mike Olson -- Piper Jaffray: Right, thanks.
Dick Harrison: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. Go ahead, your line is open.
Sterling Auty -- JP Morgan: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. So a couple of questions. First on the license revenue that came in post the analyst day, could you characterize were those things that you may have thought were going to close in the fourth quarter and just closed early or just some more color around how why those folks when they did?
Neil Moses: Sterling, it is Neil. Are you talking about whether or not we saw higher win rates in the third quarter…
Dick Harrison: … 221 or 222 or maybe 226.
Neil Moses: No. I just think it…
Dick Harrison: I'm guessing that is it.
Sterling Auty -- JP Morgan: Yes.
Neil Moses: We have a lot in the pipeline. I think we got incrementally more positive as we got through it the end of the month and we had a relatively good close rate but at the same time there were number of deals that rolled into Q4. So you know I just think we dealt as the months went on incrementally more positive in terms of what we're seeing in the pipeline and the ability to close it out before the end of June.
Dick Harrison: We actually had another roughly $2 million that we just couldn't recognize, that did close, but we had some rev rec [ph] issues and we had to clean up some deals on another $2 million worth of deals.
Jim Heppelmann: There were two…
Dick Harrison: You know two one million dollar deals that came in the first day of the quarter already. So it was a little bit – it built a little bit in June and I think that naturally in this environment we want to be conservative and I think we still want to be conservative because customers are very careful about bringing internal requisitions from major expenditures up to the CFO but we are seeing lots of activity in smaller size deals and so forth you know and then the sales guys sometimes can grow them, so it could be half a million deal and then all of a sudden they grow it up to a million dollars or 1.5 million sometimes. So it is not a complete science. There is a little bit of art to some of it.
Sterling Auty -- JP Morgan: Got you. Back on the domino deals, what are the milestones or the things that give you visibility that the account is tracking towards that maturity in year two and year three and what possibly can you give us on an ongoing basis so we can get a feel on how they are tracking on that majority contribution?
Jim Heppelmann: It is Jim. We actually have a sort of maturity map if you will where we have different phases for the domino accounts that moved to. First of all we spent a fair amount of time up front competing, right, and when that competition ends with a decision to go with PTC, you know that is a big celebration, but from a revenue standpoint, not much necessarily happens there. But you know that is the beginning of the whole process, that is the commitment to the customer to become married to PTC. Okay, then there is typically a final project. Everybody's says, all right, let us try it out, make sure everything is going to work the way we want, maybe adjusting a little bit, coming out of that. So there is a pilot project and there is some license revenue typically some amount of services revenue. But sort of what happens at Lenovo when you get to all that, then in the customer says, all right, I want to do the broad rollout. Now at that point there may be a little bit more services but the software to a certain extent has already been installed and is operational so they just need the seats to allow more people to start using it. So I think obviously what we just candidly hear in this earnings release is the point of domino accounts to just step across that line of being committed to be married to PTC and not necessarily a ton of revenue from these accounts but as Dick said to the extent we can grow them to be something like EADS has become or to the level that Lenovo just went to, this is going to be a big chunk of incremental revenue for us in each of the next years.
Dick Harrison: Well, I think it should level too, we are going to talk to the customer, it depends on what their initiative is. So Volvo wanted to manage all of their authoring tools in the engineering department first and then once they had their arms around that that will be the focus of the first year or two and then as they do that they want to move into the, let us call it the back-office and start to do more heavy configuration change management collaboration with the supply-chain. We have already introduced them to Arbortext and they have started a pilot with Arbortext with a technical document. We have been now introducing them to InSight and Relex around compliance, environmental compliance and reliability. So in these campaigns and that is why it is important about our product portfolio, you know we generally start with one or two important initiatives and then we begin to introduce complementary ideas that feel could take a year or two for them to really sort of to grow and turn it to more revenue but you know we have this broad footprint today of functionality and capability and I think I didn't even really talk SharePoint. And most of these major accounts that we are describing do have SharePoint initiatives inside the company particularly around collaboration.
Jim Heppelmann: I think too – going back to when we introduced this domino concept at our analyst day, it is not all of our revenue. It is the influence that this series of successive major brand names switching and committing to PTC, it is a collective influence that we think begins to position us as an unambiguous leader. You know SAP is the unambiguous leader in ERP and nobody really can mount a good argument against that. In PLM it has been a little more muddy because you know some of our competitors had five products to compete against is. Siemens/UGS has several major products that compete against us. And you add all that revenue together and you know they're big, we are big, whatever, but we think we are already the single product revenue leader by some distance, and when you have put headline after headline after headline, of their biggest customers switching to our technology instead, you begin to create this case that PTC is breaking away from the pack. And at some point success begets success, right? People start to by from the leader because they don't want to be the last person to buy from somebody who is no longer a leader, and I think we are starting to see that phenomenon.
Dick Harrison: And why we're excited, the CAD market is nice and we have the best CAD products but we have really become a data management PLM company with the best authoring tool Pro/ENGINEER. But if you really want to be in a growth market going forward, the CAD market is going to be low single digits for everybody, and the action in the next five years is going to be in the data management space, in connecting companies, diverse companies around the globe, their supply-chain, helping them collaborate, even the community aspects or the social product development aspect of building products more easily with those supply chains, that is where the action, the growth is going to be. And as Jim said, these domino accounts are substantiating the fact that we are becoming the unambiguous leader. When we walk into a deal today, a new account, and I will tell you there are 150 other deals behind the dominoes. When we walk into one of those -- we will announce them next quarter in Q4, when we walk into those accounts increasingly as we come in, we are validated as the leader. People know that we are probably going to win. And as our sales guys set up the benchmarks, the technical evaluations, they feel today that there is no area in the technical benchmark that we are not going to win. So we feel like we are going to win in the engineering department managing the competitors CAD tools, we feel like we're going to win the configuration change management, we feel like we are going to win in technical publication, we feel like we're going to win in the collaboration aspect, we feel like we have these other applications around product analytics that are going to expand the footprint, and we don't think our competitors can beat is in any inning of the ballgame. We're going to win them all right now.
Sterling Auty -- JP Morgan: Okay. Jim, for the domino accounts, can you tell us, how many of them are not moving beyond pilot or is that something that you will be willing to share with us going forward so we can track the evolution?
Dick Harrison: I think we can do that actually now and yes, let us do some work on that, because did ask the question, I think we ought to go back and sort of analyze where we are. I can tell you EADS for example as Jim described, that are some divisions where we are in full deployment, there are some where we are in pilot, let us go back and do a little bit of work on that.
Jim Heppelmann: But the simple answer really is, we had to -- we just gave you a full one. For just made a decision so there are just this week maybe in the case of Volvo, they made a decision two months ago, but they're just putting together the plan to go do the pilot and made the decision where they're going to go back, now they're going to go do the pilot. So four of the six thus far are brand-new. Then you go back to the two previous ones we had given you. And you know there in the case of EADS both in production and some new pilots in the case of the second one you know right now in the process of completing a pilot and wrapping it up and evaluating and putting together the plans to go to the next phase.
Sterling Auty -- JP Morgan: All right, thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Richard Davis with Needham & Co. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Richard Davis -- Needham & Co.: Thanks. This is a little bit of a tactical question but you have some of your customers and we are seeing this with some of our other firms that we follow but you know like Harley Davidson has layoffs, John Deere has layoffs, and you guys as I recall more or less like most people have kind of one year renewals. How do you keep when those things come up for renewals, and your customer has fewer employees, and then obviously sometimes they may not have fired engineers, but how do you keep those renewals at the same price? What have you got to do, do you have to throw in new modules or talk about the kind of that process in an economy where you know headcount is a little bit lower than it has been?
Jim Heppelmann: My sense in discussing this with (inaudible) is that has not been a major factor. In fact I mean we've not been throwing more stuff and to keep the renewals at the same price. We have done a pretty good job of renewing. I think you might remember a quarter ago at the time of our analyst day, there were some panic that our total seats on maintenance had dipped down ever slightly and I would point out that reversed itself and they dipped – you know they went up actually in the past quarter. So I think actually there is a different element. You know I had a customer come in last week and put up on a slide you know the famous quote that crisis is a terrible thing to waste. And this customer is basically saying now that the pressure is off of operationally, we can go do some retooling because we all know that this economy is going to turn and we would like to quickly put in place some new capabilities, new solutions and so forth, so when the economy takes off again, we're ready to go.
Dick Harrison: And Richard part of the discussion too is actually like a number of users and volume discount percent so let us say a company has a 1000 users. And that justifies a 30% discount. Well if they come back at renewal time and say we want to only renew 700, we're going to look at our -- we have a sheet and we will say, okay, at 700 users you're only get a 20% discount. And so the net net of it is they have fewer users, if they want to do that, but they're going to get a smaller discount. And so we end up netting about the same amount. We also had some creative stealth campaigns where you know we are empathetic to a customer situation. We don't want to have them feel like we won't listen and we're not in partnership and I know we have had a couple of situations on the Pro/E side where people wanted to reduce maybe the licenses and we will end up keeping our prices pretty much the same way I described it. But we have also brokered important executive meetings in return say, okay, look, we will talk to you about that, but we want to have a half day session with the whole management team to talk about our PLM vision and our product development strategy and how we can help you. And so to some degree we are trying to use the difficult situation to drive a little bit better executive awareness inside some of these important accounts.
Jim Heppelmann: So just back to the first question now, in a constant currency basis, our maintenance business has grown year-to-date. So and that is with a lot less license revenue coming through the door. So again I think our maintenance business is alive and well and quite frankly tracking online.
Richard Davis -- Needham & Co.: Got it. And then if I can I ask a follow-up so the other thought is if your kind of morphing or emerging as a kind of data management PLM company, is it accurate to same because one of the problems with -- not a problem, but with CAD software, it is hard to get people to switch because I'm used to the tool if I'm an engineer, I would get really grumpy about switching from one version to another or one vendor to another. Is it fair and logical to say that to employ your kind of configuration management, your tech parts, your collaboration, all of those things that you have outlined, does that require less business process change on the part of the users, which therefore means greater opportunity for you guys to kind of step in and display disconnected systems or legacy systems which seems to be what you're doing? Is that a logical conclusion from the initial success you have seen?
Neil Moses: Yes. I don't think so actually. I think you're right that CAD is hard to switch both from a data standpoint and all the data you have ever created is now under our own format and then also from a user retraining same point and also the interruption standpoint CAD is hard to switch. If you look at back let us say in the heyday at [Author ID1: at Wed Jul 29 22:52:00 2009  ]of Pro/E in may be the mid-90s, that product was so much better than the competition that people said let us bite the bullet. We can't afford to sit here with the technology we have despite the bullet go through the pain and switch. And you know PTC was switching account after account after account in the heydays of Pro/ENGINEER despite the difficulty of switching. And this is because the gap was so big. And that is where we are right now on the PLM side, the gap has become big enough that it is justifies going through the pain and agony of switching even though that is difficult. And I really think you know we at PTC and certainly our field management team, you know they feel like we're approaching the level of relative strength we have with Pro/E in the sort of early to mid 90s, you know where it has become the only game in town and we feel like we can walk into any kind of legitimate competition, you know a fair fight where at home field or in a way game, and we're going to work out with a win, and we are going to be able to justify the switch. And so these dominoes again that is why these are the headlines in the rest of the newspaper about the other smaller deals but these are companies who are saying, it is time to switch. The gap is big enough, we can't afford to sit where we are, let us go.
Richard Davis -- Needham & Co.: Got it. That is helpful. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from Ross MacMillan with Jefferies & Co. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Embrano -- Jefferies & Co.: Hi guys. This is Embrano [ph] in place of Ross who had to drop of. I had a two part question. The first one is on your guidance for tax rate in Q4 going to 20% on non-GAAP. Should we go back to 25% for fiscal year 2009? And also on the services you talked about the Windchill weakness starting to deteriorate services a bit, what should we expect for fiscal year 2009 year-over-year on a year-over-year basis ?
Neil Moses: Was your question around 2009 tax rate and services…
Embrano -- Jefferies & Co.: I am sorry, fiscal year 10, sorry on both of those questions.
Neil Moses: Okay. On the second question, it is a little bit premature to give you guidance around our services revenue for next year given that we haven't given guidance for the full year on total revenue. I will say as I think Jim mentioned earlier that you know we are feeling more confident in our ability to grow next year we are absolutely more disappointed last quarter and our guidance will ultimately reflect that when we give it in October. As far as the tax rate is concerned, the 20%, 21% we are projecting for this year, there is a significant difference in tax rate by geography, and so one of the things that we are seeing this year is a geographic mix is such that we are and have a lower tax rate than we anticipated. Over the longer term, we think 25% is still the appropriate tax rate to use in this business. You know we're committed to grow our earnings next year by 20% even at a higher tax rate than we projected this year.
Embrano -- Jefferies & Co.: Okay, great. And that kind of leads you to my second question around that 20% goal that you have. You know I can sort of keep the OpEx pretty flat with this year and sort of show some moderate modest to moderate growth or if you're going to continue growing up your growth has to be a little bit better, I am just wondering given all the cost containment you have had with sort of myriad increases being stopped and some of the other things you have done this year, what you expect for OpEx next year in terms of the ability to hold that flatter or just modestly up?
Neil Moses: Sure. Again I certainly understand the interest in having a better feeling for that. What I would say is that it is a little bit premature given where we are in the planning process. I would say that that there is guys – there is Wall Street consensus out there about how PTC is going to do for next year and we're not uncomfortable with that consensus even though we didn't develop that. So that is the first thing I would say. Secondly we are right in the midst of our planning process. You know Dick mentioned the sales meeting that we had the last two days. Prior to that, we had a corporate management strategy meeting late last week. We are meeting over the next couple of days, so our decision in terms of the level of revenue growth that we are comfortable with and the OpEx that goes along with that is going to kind of unfolded over the course of the next 30 to 45 days. So we're just going to have to add ask you to be patient as we develop that. But just to reiterate we are committed to 20% earnings growth using a 25% tax rate.
Embrano -- Jefferies & Co: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question is from Blair Abernethy with Thomas Weisel Partners. Go ahead, your line is open.
Blair Abernethy -- Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you. Just a couple of questions, just following on the discussion on the PLM side in terms of customers switching and so one, can you just give us some sense of the decision-making process on the customer side, what level are these decisions being made now and has that changed at all this year?
Dick Harrison: You know I think it varies a little but generally we're getting a high level executive involvement in the these procurement and in particular in displacement. One aspect and Jim did I think a nice job of describing what is happening into that (inaudible) I just want to follow up. I say I characterize ourselves as a management company today but I don't want anybody to think that we don't have the best authoring tool. Pro/ENGINEER is the best CAD tool out there in the marketplace today. So these decisions particularly the displacement fields are technical and I was trying to describe there are different aspects of the technical evaluations, there is sort of front office and back office, it may be an analogy, the front office is the engineering department where they are managing all the CAD tools and so forth, and the back office is sort of the configuration management, collaboration, more the enterprise aspects. So when you get into the technical benchmark and so forth, you know we're trying to win in all aspects of that and we do, but there is also a value proposition and a business case that goes along with it, so we're involved with the CFO, you know very high level people in the business around their investment, and there is a political aspect I tell you as well which often compels us to get right into the executive office because even in many cases at the CEO level, because our competitors are good companies and they have had relationships with these customers for many years, and they're going to appeal to the highest level that they can for a voice or more time or some kind of clemency, and so if we are not at the executive level, describing the fact and reminding them we want clearly and unambiguously technically. And that translates into a value proposition around time-to-market, higher quality, supply-chain integration, and all the things that are important to them, we would be able to tell that story. So we are high we are in there, we are at the VP of engineering level, we are at the CIO level, we are at the CFO level, and in many aspects in many deals, we actually get all the way up to the CEO.
Blair Abernethy -- Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. Thank you.
Dick Harrison: One of the other little things that is happening more recently, we have been trying to build a partnership program around this category or this market for probably six or seven years and we have actually said to ourselves and to you that the category really probably won't break out and be significant until the partners become you know more and more active and involved and they have a tendency to follow markets, the Accentures of the world and EDS, HP and IBM's Global Services and so forth. And we have noticed also in the last three quarters, last year or so, it has been accelerating that the partners are bringing us some deals and the partners are more and more coming to our door and wanting to talk more about how they can work with us. It used to be that we were trying to push the partnership concept out to them and we noticed that it is now they're coming to us. And we'll have to give some more input on what is happening with that but that could accelerate some deals. We won a pilot that we haven't described yet in June, we haven't talked about it today, but it is a major major company, one of the biggest in the whole world. And a partners brought it to us, it was a competitive take off, we won the pilot, and we will talk more about that I think at the October call if we do well in the pilot which I think we will. But that was a deal that was actually I would say a 13-8 sales cycle, the partner, which was Accenture, teed it up and had an open bidding contest. They were pretty well-versed in what the competitive offerings were and we were selected for that initial bake off. And it is hard to us. So I think it'll be pretty excited when we tell you the name of that company in the fall. Again I'm going off the level a little bit because we have to execute well in the pilot here in the next 90 days but I think…
Jim Heppelmann: That is the case where the pilot proceeded the commitment. A lot of times there is the commitment to go with PTC and then a pilot is just the first step of rolling it out and it is kind of a learning experience. But in this case, they said, let us do the pilot, and you know, see, you won the pilot, if you execute then we will make a commitment.
Blair Abernethy -- Thomas Weisel Partners: okay, Great. Thank you. And just Neil I wonder if you can give us some color around the services business just in terms of how your backlog is looking now that we are sort of three quarters through significantly lower license revenues and services were down a little bit sequentially, and can you also just talk about service pricing?
Neil Moses: Yes. I would say that first of all, answering your second question first, we haven't seen any deterioration in services pricing whatsoever. From a backlog perspective, the thing is it will get a little softer in Q3, if you think back on our maintenance business in the second quarter where our (inaudible) were down for the first time in a couple of years, and then it is now back this quarter, then we saw a little bit of softness in our service business both in backlog and in revenue in Q3. I think our guidance incorporates similar thinking around Q4 and I think we talked before about a little bit of a lag effect of a few quarters of difficult license revenue on both the services and maintenance business. So I think what we're starting to see though which is actually pretty encouraging is we're starting to see our licenses business recover. It was up 18% in Q3. Our guidance assumes it is going to be up close to 25% in Q4, and I think the services business and the maintenance business are going to recover all along the license business albeit a quarter or two behind.
Blair Abernethy -- Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Dick Harrison: Welcome.
Operator: And we have time for two more questions, our next question is from Yun Kim with Broadpoint AmTech. Go ahead, your line is open.
Yun Kim -- Broadpoint AmTech: Thank you. I may be mistaken but it seems like there were some improvement in sales of midsize fields, it looks like the number of large deals remained the same from previous quarter, and it looks like the channel business remained the same as well. Can you just talk about what is driving the sequential improvement in the license revenue in the quarter and again it seems it was driven by mid sized deals from the direct sales, any particular products driving this, or is it simply large deals getting downsized or broken into smaller chunks? Thanks.
Neil Moses: Well you know I think the license improvement was driven in a couple of areas. First of all our enterprise license revenue is up 55% sequentially. And so you know Windchill definitely is leading the license recovery if you will. That is the product side. On the geographic side, North America, North America license sales were up 51% sequentially. So we're beginning to sees recovery in North America. I think it is encouraging that enterprise license sales are up as much as they are sequentially because that is typically where the large deal activity takes place. So while we had nine deals over $1 million which was comparable to last quarter, I think the improvement in enterprise license sales bodes well. We're seeing more large transactions going forward. I think if we look ahead into Q4, last year we did 24 large deals in excess of $1 million. I don't think we're going to do 24 but I think we are going to do significantly more than nine and that is being driven by the enterprise license performance.
Yun Kim -- Broadpoint AmTech: Okay great. And then in terms of channel business, it looks like it's kind of stalled again in the quarter, can you give us any update in your channel business and from your point of view when can we start to see the growth back again?
Neil Moses: Yes, we have had a couple of quarters of business in the channel has been stopped. Our worldwide channel manager for PTC was here the last couple of days, I think he feels like his business is bottoming out and we're going to start to see some recovery there. But you're right. We had a tough couple of quarters in the channel, we are fortunate that that among our over 400 channel partners that we have, there is only that is going out of the business so far this year. So I think we worked with our channel partners very aggressively and kind of helped them through with the 0% financing options and what have you that helped them through difficult times. And I think we expect to see the channel business kind of around the bend either in Q4 or Q1.
Dick Harrison: I think just to put things in perspective again if you go to 50,000 feet, a year ago, the same PTC executive team sat in the same room in the same hotel we are in right now and actually projected a lot of growth because we saw a lot of interest, we saw a huge competitive advantage, we thought 2009 was going to be a pretty good year. Then come September 26, Lehman goes out of business and collapses, and you know just the whole world has changed dramatically and everybody stops spending money. And what happened is that customers didn't become disinterested and we didn't lose our competitive advantage, just everything froze. And so now I think we are starting to see some relative amount of unfreezing taking place and that hasn't trickled down yet to the small companies you know who are probably more conservative, but the bigger companies, the medium-sized companies are starting to sort of open the wall a little bit and give the green light to projects that they had just frozen you know back in September, October kind of time frame when the world was falling apart.
Yun Kim -- Broadpoint AmTech: Okay, Neil, how much of your near-term margin expansion plan is driven by the channel business growth?
Neil Moses: You know I think it is probably -- probably not in the near-term very little of it. For the long-term, it is obviously a different factor because we said we want to get to 35 and 40%, and that it is a pretty efficient model as we move in that direction. But over the next 12 to 15 months you know very little of that margin expansion will be driven through the channel.
Yun Kim -- Broadpoint AmTech: Okay great. And then I'm not sure if David is there or not, but can you explain the dynamics of how you guys were able to improve services margin when there was a sizable sequential decline in the consulting business, were they really driven by headcount reduction in your facility -- organization?
Neil Moses: I am sorry, was the question around how we were able to improve services margin?
Yun Kim -- Broadpoint AmTech: Yes. believe I did the math right or did it decline?
Neil Moses: Services margins were up…
Yun Kim -- Broadpoint AmTech: Potentially.
Neil Moses: Jim, do you want to address that?
Jim Heppelmann: I think that we are driving greater efficiency in our organizational models going forward and secondly our delivery capacity is flexible. So we drive delivery capacity in relation to what the revenue looks like and being will be able to manage those portfolios successfully. We have also taken some of our capacity, work capacity offshore so we are able to offer our services at the low combined price.
Dick Harrison: Yes, I think if you remember from the analyst day again, we probably talked to this some of it verbally, some of it in the slide, but basically the bigger engagements are more profitable for the services business. If they getting a lot of small onesie, twosey short duration deals, they have a hard time driving their margins where they want them to be. So fundamentally what the services group did and we talked about it that day is they have concentrated the PTC direct services typically on let us call it the 250 largest customers and then put us in place a partner program, a services partner program to back fill the sort of the medium-sized and smaller deals. And that program is making good progress and sort of delivering the kind of results that we hoped it would.
Yun Kim -- Broadpoint AmTech: Okay. So this improvement in the margin on the services side services side of the business should be sustainable right going forward?
Neil Moses: Absolutely, yes.
Yun Kim -- Broadpoint AmTech: Okay, great. That is it from me. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our final question is from Ben Cadillac [ph] with First Investors. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Ben Cadillac -- First Investors: 
Hi, thanks for taking the question. Not to miss the forest for the trees here but what changed between your analyst day in June and I guess your release here that would have you sort of lower fiscal year 2009, you know is it just near-term things became more uncertain, but longer-term you are more excited? And then secondly, you covered some of this a little bit in some other questions, but I was wondering if there is any more visibility on the timing of revenue recognition on these major benchmark deals? I mean is it sort of like 10% first year, 30%, I mean to get to that 5 to 10 million run rate, how should we view those new running up on a quarterly basis or a yearly basis? Thanks.:
Neil Moses: So first question was around guidance for this year. You know I don't -- what I would say is that we think it is appropriate to be conservative, I think Dick mentioned this before. Certainly over the course of the next three months even though we're seeing signs that to Jims point of falling out of the freeze on spending that we have seen for about nine months now. So it is appropriate to be conservative and hopefully we will see more signs that this business is moving in the right direction over the next 90 days and you know hopefully that will culminate in our ability to drive some growth in the business through 2010 that quite frankly a quarter ago we probably would not have anticipated. As to your second question, I don't think there's one particular pattern around the recognition of revenue or the size of the orders that we're going to get through "domino account." What is true in this environment is to Jim's point usually the initial foray after a commitment is a pilot project, there's a small amount of revenue associated with that. That process may take place for as long as six months or maybe even longer and typically that would be followed by a more significant order or the orders over a period of time. I think at the outset of the call, Jim talked about airbus where we got a fairly substantial license quarter up front. But the account has evolved into an ongoing annuity which is comprised in part of license revenue primarily of services revenue and maintenance revenue as well. So what we're trying to develop to these domino accounts is that type of ongoing annuity, and I would tell you that you once you obtain commitment from a customer, it is probably going to take you 6 to 12 months before that annuity starts to take shape.
Jim Heppelmann: I was just thinking – I was just thinking out loud here that maybe the model -- we should try to model this for you, the homework is done, but maybe it would be like 20, 40, 40. But then I realized that in fact a lot of these deal never end and so what happens is you just expand the footprint. You know they might look at it as data management vendor for changed configuration management but as we get into the project, pretty soon we are talking about Arbortext and then we're talking about the InSight product analytics and the environmental stuff and the reliability stuff and then we will be talking about SharePoint, and after that we're going to have a conversation about embedded software. And the truth of the matter is these turn into huge annuities that might last for 10 years or more. Airbus has been one of our top five accounts I'm sure for probably each of the last this five years, and I don't think they we would say that project is going to be down and they're going to fall of the radar. I mean we feel like if you check into the last 10 years from now, Airbus would probably still be -- EADS would probably still be one of our biggest accounts.
Dick Harrison: And we have our own sort of sales campaign strategy that we refer to internally but which is called surround all around. So as Jim was describing it, as that footprint gets bigger for example last quarter we didn't even talk about it. Ericsson is a pretty nice company, I don't know what their annual revenues are but they are very, very big. It is never really been a customer of ours, we just sold them a very, very nice deal for InSight for environmental compliance and SharePoint and we had even talked about it. So that is a foothold now into the account which we will use as a beachhead to go back in and start to suggest to them that they take a closer look at Windchill for configuration and change management today. They have a homegrown system that is highly customized, so as Jim was describing in these large domino accounts, ultimately if we were to get that complete footprint that we're talking about, we're going to go back and attack the CAD deployment as well. And already many of these customers at least have an open mind at having a conversation about that somewhere in the future. They will acknowledge that if we deploy our data management solution that we're managing our competitors CAD offering, that we're doing the back-office work around changing configuration management, technical documents, SharePoint, that at some point that would at least entertain a conversation and the value proposition around swapping out the competitive CAD offerings and having a complete system from PTC.
Ben Cadillac -- First Investors: Right. So just a quick follow-up if I may, so you know these sort of dominoes that you have announced right now, I mean have you already begun the pilots, are you sort of at the beginning stages of the pilots, halfway through, towards the end…
Dick Harrison: Before we announced we just secured a commitment, so the pilot projects are starting next week.
Ben Cadillac -- First Investors: Starting next week, okay great.
Dick Harrison: there might have been already some level of proof of concept but you know the deployment is starting next week.
Ben Cadillac -- First Investors: Okay great, all right thanks.
Dick Harrison: So I think that we will continue to work on those. It could be interesting for you to ask the leadership of our competitors which again they are a great fine companies what they think about our dominoes. I think you know as they may have been able to shrug off the first or second, I think they're going to have an increasingly difficult time explaining the inexplicable, which is how they are loosing these real critical accounts. And then again we're going to work hard during this summer, we're hoping to have a really nice fourth quarter, and we look forward to getting back with you in the fall with our plan as well for fiscal year 2010. Thanks again.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the PTC’s second quarter fiscal year 2009 results conference call. After brief comments by management, we’ll go directly into the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Kristian Talvitie, PTC’s Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Kristian Talvitie: Thanks everybody. Good morning. As you know, we put out the press release and prepared remarks last night, so we’re going to shortly here just get right into Q-and-A. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that during the course of the conference call, we’ll make projections and other forward-looking statements regarding future financial performance, business trends and other future events. We caution you that such statements are only predictions and that actual results might differ materially from the results projected in these statements. We refer you to the risks detailed in yesterday’s press release, the company’s 2008 annual report on form 10-K and in the company’s other reports filed with the SEC from time-to-time. With that, I’d also like to remind everybody please, to try to keep it to one question and one follow-up. With that, we’ll turn it over to you for Q-and-A.
Operator: Alright, and our first question comes from Richard Davis of Needham & Company
Richard Davis: Thanks very much. You guys have kind of had a trend towards more channel sales and more focused direct sales and with the number of large deals down and hopefully it doesn’t stay down 40%, 50% year-over-year, how do you think about that and the real question is; and this won’t make friends in the sales side of your firm, but is there ever a scenario where you go predominantly indirect and do you have channel partners that could handle that; in other words, to help get your cost down as your deal sizes kind of shrink just because you’re focusing on the different parts of the market?
Richard Harrison: Yes Richard, I’m not sure if we get to predominantly direct. I mean we do want to see the trend continue to move and I’m not sure what the absolute right sort of percentage would be. I think we said earlier we’d like to get it to 65 direct, 35 indirect in the next two to three years. I don’t think there’s an obvious partner out there that could pick up all of the big major accounts that we have and that would replace our direct sales force. So, as we win in these large accounts, we continue to move our direct guys up into those large accounts and back down. We send accounts down to the channel, and the channel opens up new accounts and as we build new products and opportunities out like product point, we’re able to recruit more channel partners and so I think the mix should gradually go that way, but I think it has a natural end point somewhere. I’m just not sure where it is; maybe it’s 50-50. I don’t see anybody like IBM that’s an obvious replacement for our direct sales force.
Richard Davis: Then the follow-up would be, just with regard to new modules and futures and functionality that you guys are working around on the R&D side. I know you were thinking about analytics and stuff, but are there one or two things that we should be thinking about that will come out this year, that presumably could drive both same-store sales and potentially new account wins?
Richard Harrison: Yes, I think that the new news is stuff you’ve heard before, but it’s still known and that is our shift point strategy which is doing quite well and then this product analytic strategy around the Synapsis acquisition and related things that we’re working on, which you’ll hear in the balance of the year here. So, both of those are new strategies, layered on top of the Windchill business, the Pro/E business, the Arbortext business so forth. That said, there’s important new development in the Pro/E product line coming out, part of it related to share point stuff to make Pro/E more share point friendly and more web 2.0, than any other gadget that’s out there and a major release as well on the Arbortext front plan.
Richard Davis: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question’s from Justin Bandy of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Justin Bandy: Hi, guys. This is Justin Bandy on for Steven Koenig. I’d like to draw down a little bit in the maintenance attrition. I know there is a pretty noticeable sequential decline in maintenance paying seats. I was just wondering if you could give us a little color around what happened there; was it the attrition concentrating in one month or was it kind of spread out over the three quarters and what are kind of reasonable estimates for thinking about how seat counts might change over the balance of the year?
Cornelius Moses: Yes Justin its Neil Moses. I think if you look at the maintenance business this quarter, our attach rates, in other words, attaching new maintenance to new sales of licensees were actually up. Our renewal rates were down slightly on a sequential basis and I think what really happened in terms of maintenance seat growth or lack thereof, was the fact that if you think about what happens every quarter, we have certain seats that expire; majority of those are renewed; that was continuing to be the case this quarter. But the amount of new seats that were sold, new licenses, was down significantly year-over-year and that decrease really drove the decrease in active seats on maintenance. So, I think the answer to your question is if we look forward, it’s really going to be driven by what happens on the license revenue side. We forecasted license revenue is up slightly in the third quarter relative to the second quarter, but still down year-over-year. So I would imagine that active seats on maintenance would be down slightly next quarter as well and as we tend to see it, if we see a pickup over the longer term in license revenue, I think we’re going to see the active seats resume their growth.
Justin Bandy: Okay, great. Then just one follow-up; it would be great to hear a little bit about your services pipeline. I know, with license revenues having been weak for a little bit, I was just wondering how much of a lag we should expect between kind of when license sales started to become weak and when we’re going to see that showing up in kind of a hit to your services revenue going forward?
Barry Cohen: Hi. So this is Barry. So, we’re looking very solid for this year in terms of what our bookings and backlogs look like and so we’re not seeing any immediate decline over the next three quarters. I would say in our service revenue, service bookings, we’re expecting that as that license revenue stabilizes, which it is and begins to up tick that we’ll be okay going to ’10. So we don’t have any concern there at this point.
Justin Bandy: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Next question is from Yun Kim from Broadpoint Amtech
Yun Kim: Thank you. The channel business declined for the first time on a year-over-year basis in a long time you believe or maybe the first time. What are specific investments that you guys are making to keep your channel partners network intact and also be able to leverage these partners when the environment improves?
Cornelius Moses: So Yun, its Neil Moses. The channel’s very important to us, you’re right. This is a fairly significant decline in the channel business in Q2. That also by the way impacted active seats on maintenance, as well as the direct business, but perhaps even a little bit more than the direct business did. In terms of specific steps we’ve taken, I think we’ve talked about them before, but we do have a 0% financing option that’s available to our reseller channel; that we’ve made available, that we are financing. We did have probably $300,000 of business that was financed that way in Q2. So, that didn’t turn out to be a large number. We incurred an interest expense on that 0% financing option. The interest expense in Q2 I think was only around $15,000, so it was not material, but that’s one thing we’re doing with the channel. We’ve also invested this year in marketing and support of the channel, which they’ve asked us for and then secondly, we’ve got a new systems initiative called lead to order, which is really kind of a lead generation, automation of lead generation and the whole process of lead to order, which is going in place this quarter as well. So, I think you know that investing in the channel is kind of one of our three strategic initiatives and we’ve continued that investment even during the downturn. As a matter of fact, we haven’t cut any of our channel business development managers, even though we did reduce the size of our direct sales force about three months ago.
Yun Kim: Have you been making or have you been doing a lot more of a joint sales and marketing event with the channel partners, now say versus even a year ago?
Cornelius Moses: Joint sales and marketing events, you mean between the direct sales or…?
Yun Kim: No, the channel partners a year ago?
Richard Harrison: Yes, I’d say that number’s about the same that we’re making there. We average a joint seminar somewhere around the globe, minimum one a day. So, I’d say that effort’s about the same. It’s actually tough out there. Our competitors have exactly the same issues that we have. So, I don’t think its PTC specific. I think it’s the fact that the SMB space in a difficult credit environment is one that’s feeling the pinch. You just have to look at the results from Autodesk, which are significantly worse than ours and I think all that works as well has the same issues. So it’s more of I think sort of an industry thing than it would be PTC specific.
Yun Kim: Yes. I completely agree with you. I think a lot of it is really about keeping your channel partner network intact more than anything else in this environment. Real quick Neil, huge decline in accounts receivable, great job, but does this mean that account receivable could be up sequentially big in the June quarter?
Cornelius Moses: I think that I don’t expect our DSOs would be at 53 days again, but I think we have had a couple of good quarters of collection experience there. There certainly is possibility that accounts receivable could be a slight use of cash rather than a generator of cash in Q3 given our solid performance in Q2.
Yun Kim: Okay, great. Just quickly, one last one bit to Barry, what kind of carriers are you dangling at large system integrators to get them to start investing more aggressively in pitching PLM as a strategic investments to their clients, even through current environment and having a closer relationship with PTC?
Barry Cohen: Well, I think one of the things we’re doing very well relates to an earlier question. We’re doing much more segmentation in terms of what accounts should be direct accounts from a sales point of view and also doing that as it relates to a service point of view. So, we’ve developed and invested this year in a very big way in a service partner strategy, where we are growing partners to be able to take care of accounts that make sense either for specific verticals or specific products. Included in that is an elevated relationship with the SIs and the way we are giving guarantees and certain even direct accounts, sales people will get commissioned on those service revenues from our partners, as well as ours in some sort of predetermined way. So, we have a lot of different ways that we’re enticing, encouraging partners to join the PTC economy.
Yun Kim: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question is from Ross McMillan of Jeffries.
Ross McMillan: Thanks. First one for Neil, just on the cost reductions this quarter, can you tell us how big the one-time accrual reversal of the bonus that was kind of already accrued in Q1 as well? How much was that onetime effect on operating costs?
Cornelius Moses: A little bit less than $2 million, Ross.
Ross McMillan: Okay and then just going back to the maintenance question. Neil, can you just maybe give us where we actually stand with the renewal rate number? Can you give us a number for the quarter and maybe how that compares to what maybe last year’s was on average or some frame of reference for the change there? Thanks.
Cornelius Moses: We’re still in that range, we fluctuate in the 85% to 90% range from a renewal rate perspective.
Ross McMillan: Is that dollars?
Cornelius Moses: Percent of accounts renewed.
Ross McMillan: Units?
Cornelius Moses: Yes and we’re still in that range. We are on the lower end of that range this quarter and previously we’ve been on the higher end of that range.
Ross McMillan: Okay, and then so just last one from me. I noticed your European direct business was actually up. I guess the question I had was, did you take that largest deal in Europe this quarter and could I then tie that through to Nokia or is it still too early to say you’ve taken revenues from Nokia? Thanks.
Cornelius Moses: We took a little bit of revenue from Nokia this quarter, but it was less than $1 million. So first of all, glad you brought up Nokia, because it’s pretty interesting and it’s a manifestation of what we’ve told you is happening that you don’t yet see. EADS is a $60 billion to $70 billion company that chose us in September. We had a small footprint really in EADS in one division in Airbus. We had no footprint in Eurocopter, or Military Transport, Astrium all the other divisions. All of which were now converting to Windchill from Siemens and ISO products. So we follow that now with the Nokia deal. Nokia’s an $80 billion company, the market leader in cell phones with 40% share and one of the biggest tech companies in the world as well. They have standardized on PTC Windchill and that’s going to be a big account for us as we execute. That’s the sole replacement; we never had any revenue at Nokia ever before. So, there’s a series of these accounts going on. There’s going to be another big major European Automotive household account. We’ll make an announcement next week about a winner. Not sure yet who it’s going be, but the encumbrance already been notified that they’re out. So, either semen’s or PTC is going to get that account. So Ross I don’t think that there’s an appreciation yet on your part for the impact of these major wins in these large accounts and under the covers we’re doing a lot of work. There’s a much bigger list of these accounts that we’re winning right now. So what you’re seeing in the European Large Account revenue is there’s a bigger, bigger base of revenue that we can get and really we haven’t seen the impact because the customers are making small purchases for the initial deployments. So, if we execute well on these deployments and as the economy comes back, we’re telling you there’s a pent up demand for our software services and maintenance that’s going to occur during the next couple of quarters and years as things turn. Now, another manifestation of that is the fact, for example, and DISO a fine company, but they pre-announced twice in the last two quarters; and a lot of what they called deferred accounts and deferred purchases are actually going to PTC. So I’m telling you again, for like the third quarter in a row, trying to give you a little bit of an emphasis and again, the economy is bad and so forth, but we are building up a list of new accounts that are going to be very, very big for us over the next few years. Our sales force has gone from protect mode, focused on our installed base to one where we continue to focus on the installed base, but a big part of the sales force has gone into attack mode. We are all over the Siemens and DISO install base around the world. So that’s really what you’re seeing when you talk about some of that revenue and I’m just give you a forecast that you’re going to see that improve. We can’t win EADS, Nokia, this big automotive account that’s going to happen next week. We can’t have these big wins for as protection. These are all outside of our installed base and not derived some nice benefit in the future. The reverse is true for our competitors. They can’t lose those accounts and continue to do well. Nokia, anyway you might want. I know when we won the EADS deal; Bernard Shaw said it was a maintenance update, that’s the biggest joke in the world. I don’t know how you explain away Nokia. We’ve never sold them anything, but we won the account. There will be some explanation. I don’t know what it is going to be.
Ross McMillan: These deals, do you think Nokia could be of equivalent size to EADS in terms of if you will average run rate revenue?
Cornelius Moses: Yes. I mean if we execute inner deployments and create value where we can help them collaborate with the supply chain, improve the quality of their products and their competitive position, get control of the bill of materials in a more powerful way. If we execute on that value and they’re a big share point customer as well. As built out the warm analytics and the share point strategy, there is a big opportunity to help that customer gain competitive advantage. If we execute well, it can be a huge account. Again, it’s an $80 billion a year company.
Ross McMillan: Yes, I think the way to look at it if we execute well, I mean it would be expected almost that Nokia will be one of our top five accounts?
Cornelius Moses: Yes, or more. Now, what’s happening Ross in simple terms and again, I don’t feel like you appreciate it yet, is that Windchill has achieved a level of separation from both the Dassault product and the Siemens products, that the customer base understands at this point, both inside our base and outside; and depending upon the urgency of the situation and the importance of appeal and initiative, you’re starting to see us win major accounts outside of our installed base and major wins inside our installed base, which are sometimes shared with our competitors. So, our footprint at Raytheon which didn’t exist three years ago is now at 80% Windchill and Siemens continues to lose share there and within a year or two they’ll be completely gone, same is true with Lockheed Martin. So, what I’m suggesting to you, and every single technical benchmark we’re winning, it’s becoming more and more known that there’s a separation that’s occurred between our products and those of the competitors and that they are not going to fix that in the short term. By short term, I’m saying three to five years. We have a window here, where our strategy around the integral single data model and our expanded footprint and now complemented with the share point initiative is really putting our competitors in an extreme disadvantage.
Operator: Next question is from Blair Abernethy, Thomas Weisel Partners.
Blair Abernethy: Hi, thank you. Just want to ask you to sort of expand a bit on the commentary around signs of stabilizing or stabilization. Can you just give us a sense of by verticals, geographies and also on pricing, particularly around maintenance pricing, what are sort of some of the data points that are giving you guys comfort that we’re starting to bottom here?
Barry Cohen: Okay, so by geography, by vertical, we’ll talk a little about maintenance pricing too. If we talk about geographies, I think we’ve seen signs in the North American business, which has been actually tough for us for a couple years now. The things are starting to stabilize there; business feels better in North America. Maybe the best sign is that, we track our forecast by geography from beginning of quarter to end of quarter, kind of on a monthly basis and North America, really for the first time in probably six or eight quarters came in at a higher number at the end of the quarter than they were forecasting at the beginning of the quarter, okay. It’s still a low number, but we beat the initial forecast in North America and we had not been seeing that. In Europe, I’d say business continues to be challenging. I think the drop in Europe followed the drop in North America, but I think all in all, if you look on a constant currency basis, we’re holding up reasonably well in Europe. We had a difficult quarter in Asia-Pac this quarter. We don’t really know what to make of that yet because one quarter does not a trend make. We did see our business in China. We saw our business in China down for the first time in a number of quarters and so I think what we say in Asia-Pac, is that we like to see a couple of more data points on what’s really going on there. We’re not sure what to make of Q2, but I think we’re holding up relatively well in Europe and we’re seeing signs of stabilization in North America which is good to see. If we talk by vertical, I think we said in the past that we think that the aerospace and defense business has held up reasonably well for PTC. That business represents 25% plus of our overall revenue, so that’s a good sign. If we talk about the other major verticals, electronics and high tech has been a little bit challenging. That’s also about 25% of our revenue. Heavy industry, you’d have to say has been challenging. Although we’re looking forward to the stimulus package kind of kicking in and that particular vertical beginning to improve in the latter half of this calendar year. Those three verticals comprise 75% or 80% of our revenue. We are fortunate I guess that automotive is about 10% of our revenue and obviously that’s been a very challenging vertical, as has retail footwear and apparel in this environment and I’d say the last vertical we operated in med devices has held up pretty well. If we talk about maintenance pricing, really have not had much of an issue with respect to maintenance pricing. I think that our customers are trying to do exactly what we’re trying to do, which is we’re trying to either limit annual increases or escalators on maintenance pricing, where we’re in fact at a good reduction. So, generally speaking, I would say more often they’re not we’re not getting them or our customers. So I think maintenance pricing has held up pretty well. The challenge ON maintenance of course as I mentioned before, is new seats sold in the quarter and that number is obviously down significantly in Q1 and Q2 and that’s affecting active seats on maintenance, but I’d say there’s been diminimus impact on maintenance pricing at this point.
Blair Abernethy: Okay, thanks great. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is from Sterling Auty of J.P. Morgan.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi guys. With unemployment kind of pushing towards 10%, why shouldn’t the maintenance seats under active maintenance seats decline 10% from peak to trough?
Barry Cohen: Because there’s a penalty for customers to turn maintenance off. They don’t just do it idly. They have to think about it. If they have programs that are really important, which their products are and they need to do development, if they start to turn seats-off, it gets expensive when they want to turn them on. If they turn them all off for a period of time, they wouldn’t get any maintenance support or bug fixes, which could result in a critical problem. So, customers don’t turn maintenance off on a whim. They think it through carefully and it’s not something they want to do right away.
Richard Harrison: I think the other answer to that question is, there are a lot of customers out there that are doing something that’s similar to what we’re doing. Is that we are continuing to invest during R&D and product development during the downturn. So that 10% of unemployment, I don’t think is represented equally across all functions within companies.
Sterling Auty: Okay and then, so the color on Windchill. At this point, what kind of revenue synergies are you getting between Windchill and the core kind of CAD business that you’ve got? Meaning, so the two still need to the hand-in-hand; are you actually able to win business because you’re CAD platform is in there or is the decision even within your installed base being made just because the PLM product stand alone is so much better than competition?
James Heppelmann: Yes, this is Jim. I think that there is significant revenue synergy between these two product lines. What I think has happened in the last few years is that we’ve been able to leverage the Pro/ENGINEER base to grow Windchill substantially, and Windchill is the number one best selling product in the PLM market by far. What’s happened is, because we’ve been able to leverage that base and get this leadership position for our product, we’re now starting to win. We’re starting to have this reputation of having the leading product and we’re able to now win well beyond the base as well. Examples like Nokia and EADS are good examples, where there essentially is no Pro/ENGINEER. So, I think there is good synergy there and we’ll continue to harvest that synergy for some time to come. It’s also helped propel us to a position where we can go beyond it as well. Just one more comment. I think, we’ve never demonstrated huge synergies going the other way, but I think that opportunity is still out there to a certain degree where customers with Nokia rethink their MCAD tool. If we had them up and fully productive on win chill and they really saw PTC as a strategic partner going forward, they might rethink their MCAD decision and take a good hard look at Pro/ENGINEER. When they purchased their current MCAD tool about five years ago, Pro/ENGINEER was right up there, kind of almost tied for first place and they decided to go with a European company instead, but that European company has proven to be a frustrating partner, and they might rethink the whole thing, but I think it’s up to us to deliver on the Windchill piece at first.
Barry Cohen: I think in the low end, just to complement what Jim said; one of the things we’re trying to do with product point, the share point version of Windchill is to change some of the dynamics around the decision-making at the low end in the SMB space, so that it’s not just CAD features and functions, it’s by the way, I can connect and be part of the community. I can do social product development, and that’s the combination of Pro/E along with product point. So we believe their synergy is the low end as well as at the high end between the CAD and PLM, but we’re trying to build an even closer link which we think is going to affect the way decisions are made about those tools in the SMB space over the next couple of years. We know it’ll have some effect.
Sterling Auty: Alright. Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Greg Dunham from Deutsche Bank.
Greg Dunham: Hi, thanks. I dropped off a little bit, so I hope I’m not repeating question, but do want to follow-up on the CAD PLM point. I guess first question is how important is being CAD agnostic in your PLM sales, is it to win some of these bigger deals? A follow up would be, if some of the competition became more CAD agnostic, would that kind of turn the table and make it a little harder for you to win that kind of business that you’re winning?
James Heppelmann: Yes, well Greg its Jim. I think it’s critical to be CAD agnostic and not just agnostic across MCAD tools, but keep in mind there’s this thing called ECAD and there’s a heck of a lot of products with electronics and then there are software development tools for embedded software and there’s documentation tools with technical publishing and so forth and you need to actually be agnostic across that whole suite. So, I think in these big EADS and Nokia type deals, it’s absolutely critical. In fact we wouldn’t even be a contender if we didn’t have that. Now, I’d say that Siemens to a certain degree is CAD agnostic. We simply have not executed them. I think Dassault doesn’t even understand what the word CAD agnostic or the phrase CAD agnostic means. That is so far from their DNA, that even if they said they were going to be CAD agnostic, I’m not sure they would even know what they are saying. They’re so homogenous, closed minded, closed in their thinking that they could never execute a strategy like that even if they tried. So, I think there is zero threat, the idea that Dassault is certainly going to be CAD agnostic out there presenting a threat to us. There’s a little more at that end, there’s another subtlety there. What’s been happening in the last few years, and this is sort of important actually, the EADS and other places as well; is that we demonstrated at the enterprise level that Windchill could work with third parties, other products or competitive products. What’s happened more recently in the last year and you’re going to see an acceleration here, is that we’ve moved the Windchill deployments farther over towards engineering. So, we’re replacing our competitors in the engineering department, managing they’re CAD files. So, the single integral data model that we described where Windchill could manage the engineering Pro/E files, as well as the enterprise collaboration, we’re taking that same sales campaign directly into our competitors accounts and we’re saying, “Hey, keep your CAD your files here and EX-files; we’ll manage them directly with Windchill at the engineering level and then we’ll extend the value of that out into the enterprise in terms of collaboration.” We’re demonstrating that we can manage their CAD files better than they can; particularly in a distributed or web based environment where suppliers are linking in and as Jim said, there’s a requirement also to manage heterogeneous with ECAD and embedded software. So, the ground rules for competition have changed and that Windchill is managing not just our own CAD files, but our competitors CAD files better than they can and that’s what’s leading to these, and opening of the eyes in our outside of our installed base where people are saying “Wow, I can have that same benefit of a single integral data model, engineering through enterprise” MCAD to ECAD through embedded software; inside the PRO/E environment, but equally importantly in our competitors accounts, which has led our sales guys to then go out and attack with that story. It’s not fixable for the competitors right now. They have to go do a better job of managing their own CAD files before they can think about doing ours. I mean, they’ve got a long way to go to get this turned around.
Greg Dunham: Then one follow up, on the note that you mentioned, the supply chain, the full…
James Heppelmann: Could I say one other real quick comment, if you dig into this, another illustration. So do you think that Nokia looked at there V6? They’re 100% Dassault account, CATEA, they use SmartTeen, they use Matrix, do you think they looked at V6 before they made the decision or do you think they made it without looking at V6? Of course they looked at V6 and so the fact that they would choose us with a competitive, potential, offering out there, they looked at it and found that there was nothing there.
Barry Cohen: Well worse, it’s probably to destroy they broke the camel’s back. They probably said “we’re done letting you dictate terms to us.”
Greg Dunham: So, a quick follow-up on that, because the EADS win was a couple of quarters ago and you’re pretty confident about kind of the flow through to the supply chain potential.
Cornelius Moses: Absolutely. They’re going to deploy internally and lock that down for us, but all of these customers find it critical to include the supply chain. It’s a major part of every deal and discussion.
Greg Dunham: So, are you still confident that that’s a near-term opportunity and then a final question just to clarify? I mean in terms of size of these opportunities, just to make sure that I’ve got it right, I mean the EADS deal, when you think about your biggest deal, that’s in the multiple tens of millions a year in license, right?
Cornelius Moses: Well, we’re not going to give you numbers, and we don’t just look at it, we look at it as license and service and maintenance and our partnership and yes, we want to derive the revenue, but we really want to create value for the customer, that’s really how we look at it. But these are big, big companies with lots of employees that build lots of products and complex products and so there is a big opportunity. As we execute beyond the traditional managing CAD files and really start to go out and manage the bill and materials and have it integrated with your ERP systems and include the supply chain and collaborate and so forth due to BOM analytics, then the footprint gets bigger and our ability to derive more value as we help our customers gets bigger as well, both in terms of license, service and maintenance.
Richard Harrison: Yes, I mean I think we can say; look, we know that our top ten customers represent 15% of revenue or roughly $150 million. If you take our top five customers, they probably represent roughly 10% of revenue or $100 million and obviously if we take our top one or two customers they represent more than the average of $20 million a year and we can leave it at that, but that’s the kind of opportunity that’s out there.
James Heppelmann: Let me take one other cut at it and see if this might be helpful overtime as we talk about it. If the customers just do content management, submit, retrieve our files, we’re not going to drive a tremendous amount of revenue. One of the reasons we’re able to displace our competitors right now is that their actual deployments over the last ten years have been pretty simplistic. They’re simply doing submit, retrieve, content management, not particularly exciting. What we’re talking about with our customers is doing technical publications of technical documents, bill of material analytics, enterprise configuration and change management, content management and so forth. So, as we deliver on a broader set of applications and we integrate with a broader set of applications inside the customer’s business; as we do that, then the opportunity to derive more revenue gets bigger and bigger. If we only deploy content management vaults, then we’re really not going to maximize our opportunity and that’s why the services are really important and the functional footprint of the software is also really important. We have to help our customers, move to the next level in terms of distributed engineering. We’re really helping them manage the bill of materials, that engineering bill of materials. Our competitors have a two dimensional view of the bill of materials. We’re offering our customers a three dimensional view of the bill of materials and that’s why we’re winning.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Olson of Piper Jaffray.
Michael Olson: Alright, thanks. I’m getting down to the nitty-gritty here, but is there any update you can give on just the migration from INTRALINK 3 to PDMLink like? Just any numbers on what percent of customers from that base have moved and has the soft environment slowed that migration at all and then last, do you still think the majority of INTRALINK 3 users are going to move to PDMLink versus just going to INTRALINK 9?
James Heppelmann: This is Jim. I haven’t seen the exact data on that, but anecdotally we’re somewhere probably north of 50% and south of 65%, probably in that range. I think there’s still some big accounts that are just moving. In fact we got a large order from AGCO that was called out in the press release. That was one of the biggest single outstanding INTRALINK systems, which as decided to move to PDMLink and that will be a very large project, to actually consolidate 28 separate INTRALINK systems into one PMDLink system. I think we’ve seen the second part of your question, the vast majority of these customers are moving to PDMLink. They’re not moving sideways, they’re moving sideways and forward.
Michael Olson: Okay. That’s helpful and then just, let me follow-on something you mentioned earlier. You said the drop in Europe followed the drop in U.S. and that’s clearly been the case in other markets as well, but do you expect there will be a lag between when we see stabilization in U.S. versus international or do you think the recovery will be simultaneous?
James Heppelmann: I’m just speculating. I don’t think we really know, but in my personal opinion I think there’s going to be a little bit of a lag internationally on the recovery as well.
Michael Olson: Alright, thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Robert Maina of CRM, LLC.
Robert Maina: Yes, good morning. I just wanted a clarification on two things. It wasn’t clear, I don’t think on the call, but ex-currency, your guidance really didn’t materially change to the Q3 and Q4, is that correct?
Cornelius Moses: That’s true. Currency was 75% of the change in our guidance.
Robert Maina: Okay, and then on the maintenance, even though the C-comp has come down, again EX-maintenance, looking at in Q3 and Q4, is there a material degradation in the revenue from the maintenance seat decline or is it sort of flattish EX-currency?
James Heppelmann: It’s sort of flattish EX-currency. So we were thinking $510 million of maintenance revenue I think in our previous guidance, we’re thinking $500 million today. Probably I can’t remember what the specific currency impact does on maintenance, but its probably $6 million or $7 million, so it’s mostly currency.
Robert Maina: And then the last question, I guess on product point, just give us an update what the status there is, how it’s rolling out and then maybe at this point, do you have a sense in what the addressable market is in that product in terms of dollars?
James Heppelmann: Yes. So on the first part; it’s been in the market now for two quarters. We haven’t yet disclosed exact numbers, but we had a good chunk, good healthy start in terms of the number of transactions in Q1. We nearly doubled that in Q2. So, from the number of transactions we did, there’s a nice building there. I’m not sure; we’ve quantified the size of the markets. I think there’s these two segments we’ve talked a little about. There are the smaller companies, sort of the SMB segment, where resellers are selling this as a collaboration platform with all the data management that a small company probably needs. In the big companies, I think there is actually a much bigger opportunity. Really as a collaboration complement to the high end, sort of data changing configuration management capabilities of core Windchill and I would say in that segment, we’re really seeing some exciting developments. In terms of big companies, really getting aggressive around Web 2.0 and SharePoint and so forth, just yesterday I was with a $12 billion company and the CIO has five initiatives. One is PLM and the other is Web 2.0 and it turns out that PTC is covering essentially 40% of her waterfront of strategy and we spent most of the time talking about the PLM staff, because that’s why I went there and then it was almost happenstance; at the end I said, “Oh, by the way, are you thinking about SharePoint? What are your strategies there?” and that unlocked this whole other opportunity and suddenly now we have two campaigns going in this $12 billion company. So, that a good example that gets repeated day in and day out, week after week, where we keep discovering these big companies, have a strategy that here therefore we didn’t necessarily know of or have visibility to and perhaps they didn’t think we were relevant, but I’d say, this company I visited yesterday, we are probably top of mind now in terms of how they are going to execute their Web 2.0 strategy.
Robert Maina: Tell me who that was after the call.
Cornelius Moses: I will.
Robert Maina: I think Jim, just to complement what you’re saying as well, so ProductPoint release one comes out in December. You have a big maintenance release or something scheduled for the summer?
James Heppelmann: Yes, we just shipped the maintenance yesterday.
Robert Maina: Okay, just talking about that for a second; when is the release two coming and how many people do you have on SharePoint versus ProductPoint?
James Heppelmann: Yes, okay. So when we build ProductPoint, we had sort of an average headcount of 30’ish building the product. We’re now in the process of taking that to nearly 150. So we have a massive sort of road map here that involves some short-term work to mature the products we already have out there, including this maintenance released yesterday. We have released 2.0 coming later sort of towards the end of the fiscal year and then we’re going to be announcing subsequent to that, a number of additional sort of companion products that sit on the SahrePoint architecture next to this ProductPoint product. So a little too early to get into the details of that and we’ll probably talk about some of that at our user conference and investor day; that will be a more appropriate time to reveal some of that strategy, but let me just say, I think what I’m excited about SharePoint and this whole Web 2.0 or social computing, social product development strategy and this for us is like a adjacent market that could prove to be extremely large. I think PTC is probably in a strong leadership position and staking out a claim that will represent a pretty significant barrier to entry, for other people to follow us. Not, that they won’t, but I think we’re going to be a mile ahead and moving fast.
Robert Maina: Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Barbara Coffey of Kaufman Brothers.
Barbara Coffey: Yes, good morning. I actually have a couple of questions. When you take a look at the $10 million deals from the deals that are greater than $1 million, can you break out sort of what percentage this is the CAD side versus what percent is the collaboration side, so that’s question one. Then on the CoCreate side, are you seeing the same kind of pressures on that side of the business versus seeing it on the more of traditional Pro/E type of the business?
Cornelius Moses: I’ll take the first one Bobby, its Neil. The answer is most of the large transactions are a combination of CAD and Data Management. As we get outside of our base, that may change overtime, but today most of our large transactions are actually both. However, the predominance and the revenue coming from those transactions tend to be more Data Management revenue than it does CAD revenue.
Barbara Coffey: Are those deals structured, like is there a general profile of what percent’s software versus maintenance and support?
Cornelius Moses: Well, I think that profile has changed a little recently, because we’ve talked a little about what’s going on with our business. Typically, there’ll be an up-front license purchase, which is fairly significant and there’ll be follow on services implementation work that takes place, which has quite a long tail on it.
James Heppelmann: One thing is, we define a large deal as more than a million recognized in the quarter. So given the ratable recognition of maintenance and the ratable recognition of services, to get a large deal it either has to be an extremely large deal and you’re taking a quarterly piece of it in the services or maintenance business, or it has to have some license content in it.
Cornelius Moses: Yes, all I was going to say was, the large deals today have a lot less license content in them than they typically did, than they did last year and that’s one of the manifestations of the challenge we have from our license revenue perspective, that everyone has from a license revenue perspective in this environment. As far as CoCreate, I’d say that that business has held up recently well, probably a little bit better than our overall base business.
Barbara Coffey: Okay. Is that because of the different kind of end markets or is there any thought to why that might have held up better?
James Heppelmann: An incredibly loyal customer base, that’s what I attribute it to and its two-thirds maintenance.
Barbara Coffey: Okay. Thank you.
James Heppelmann: Okay. Well again, thank you for the time this morning and we’re going to be out there in a difficult economy executing our plan, which we’re really excited about. We look forward to speaking with everybody again in July.
Richard Harrison: Yes, one last comment. We really hope that any of you who can, can join us for our User Conference which is in early June. Kristian, the date of the investor day is?
Kristian Talvitie: June 8.
Cornelius Moses: In Orlando, Florida.
Richard Harrison: Okay. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Cornelius Moses – Executive Vice President, CFO Richard Harrison – President, CEO James Heppleman – Executive Vice President, Chief Product Officer Barry Cohen – Executive Vice President, Strategic Services and Partners
Analysts: Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank [Ralpheal van Brough – Jefferies] Yun Kim – Pacific Growth Equities Steven Koenig – Keybanc Capital Markets Richard Davis – Needham & Company Michael Olson – Piper Jaffrey Barbara Coffey – Kaufman Bros. Sterling Auty – J.P. Morgan [Horatio Van Brano – Jefferies.]
Operator: Welcome to the PTC's first quarter fiscal year 2009 results conference call. After brief comments by management we will go directly into the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Kristian Talvitie, PCT's Vice President, Investor Relations.
Kristian Talvitie: Good morning everyone. Before we get started I would like to remind everybody that during the course of this conference we will make future projections and other forward-looking statements regarding future financial performance, business trends and other future events. We caution you that such statements are only predictions and that actual results may differ materially from the results projected in these statements. We refer you to the risks detailed in yesterday's press release, the company's annual report on Form10-K and in the company's other reports filed with the SEC from time to time.  Participating on today's call are Dick Harrison, President and Chief Executive Officer, Neil Moses, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jim Heppleman, Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer and Barry Cohen, Executive Vice President, Strategic Services and Partners. With that, everybody hopefully had a chance to read the press release and prepared remarks last night so we're going to open the call up straight away for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question comes from Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: I want to hit on the maintenance business. This is over half of revenues now and your forecast of $5 million sequential decline quarter over quarter. I know that some of that is seasonality and some of that if FX but there's got to some attrition out of that, specifically in the CAD business. Can you talk about renewal rates and what you're seeing on the attrition front within CAD as well as long term?
Cornelius Moses: Actually there has not been any attrition. I know that something that everyone is concerned about, and if we're in a long, long economic downturn, maybe we'd be concerned about as well. But we haven't seen it yet. As a matter of fact our renewal rates and attach rates are actually up. What we're seeing on the maintenance revenue side, we are seeing a little bit of a currency headwind, I think as we mentioned in our prepared remarks. And now, we've just anniversaried Co-create in terms of maintenance revenue in the first quarter. But even if you strip Co-create out of it, our maintenance revenue was up 4% for the quarter, and that's with the currency headwind. So I think underscores how important that business is to us at this point in time and we're hopeful that we continue to improve the attach and renewal rates even though we're in a difficult environment.
Richard Harrison: In addition to that Neil, I think that in fact the number of seats under maintenance, total seats for all products increased again in Q1 over Q4. It's been increasing every quarter for the last eight quarters, and we ended Q1 with it looks like 915,000 seats under maintenance, up from 899,000 in the September quarter. There hasn't been any attrition in terms of active users paying maintenance. In fact, it's increased.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: One important point, I think a lot of people would assume or make analogous your CAD business say to Autodesk CAD business where I think people are expecting more attrition, can you talk about the differences between the two and how maybe the high end is less sensitive?
James Heppleman: I think the biggest difference is our CAD business is comprised almost entirely of perpetual seats and maintenance. That is simply not the situation for Autodesk. They're selling seats and largely selling upgrades. And upgrades are I guess a form of maintenance but structured very differently and very easy to opt out of for another year. So I think what you see with Autodesk is difficulty in the upgrade business and for us, we don't really have that type of an upgrade business. We have a perpetual subscription maintenance business.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: Another question I want to hit on is the sales head count. That's down pretty dramatically. I think it's the right move to right size the business, especially with the economy out there, but can you talk about where you're paring back some of the sales and marketing headcount?
Cornelius Moses: First of all, the sales head count at this point is not down dramatically. Why do you say it's down dramatically?
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: I'm using the 355 number versus the 475 number.
Kristian Talvitie: It's Christian. The 355 number, in addition to that there's about 125 in the channel. You've got to add them together.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: That makes sense. I was getting a little mixed up.
Cornelius Moses: So it's not down. I do think that we are going to size the business and we're going to have a layoff here and in that context we probably will take some non performers out of the sales organization, but we're not looking for dramatic reductions by any means. You may or may not have a sense for how we feel when we're doing it.  We actually think from a competitive standpoint, if you look how we did in Q1, in the December quarter our Q1, versus Autodesk, Siemens is no longer publishing the numbers, but we actually did better than the competitors in terms of our growth or growing slower, or the reduction of the growth not being as fast. We don't want to impact our investments in R&D because we're really excited about where our products are today, and our sales force is competing and winning. There were some big wins last summer around the ADS that we talked about. There are others, that validated a lot of other deals that we've been working on and gave us a boost, and I think we're going to announce some more wins as we got through this year. So we're trying to be careful about those sales head count cuts. There's some territories that we can cut because they could actually be sort of, you can convert a direct territory into a channel territory in certain areas, and we're looking at doing that. And we will take out some non performers but there's not going to be a big reduction in sales head count.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: That's a good point. I think looking forward, would you say that your pipeline is probably the same or not reducing and that you're just using a much more conservative close rate as you look out?
Cornelius Moses: That's absolutely true. Our pipeline continues to be encouraging. It's just the ability to convert that pipeline into license revenue that's challenging. I think we said that in the remarks. That's what we're working on, but the pipeline itself continues to be robust.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: That's an important one. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Ralpheal van Brough – Jefferies]
[Ralpheal van Brough – Jefferies]: Could you address the reclassification of the computer based training to most of it going to license and give us some color on geo as well, geo strength?
Cornelius Moses: First of all we are reclassifying as we said the computer based training program intellectual property from principally from a services revenue to license revenue. We've decided to make that change late last year beginning with our Q1. Our sales folks actually sell that computer based training product and so therefore we think it's more appropriately classified as license revenue. We have restated all of our historical results in the results that we posted on our website today so that you can look at an apples to apples basis versus Q1 of this year versus Q1 of the last several years. Actually the computer based training product sales were down more than our license sales were down this quarter, so that reclassification actually hurt us as opposed to helped us in terms of talking about license revenue this quarter. Moving on to your other question which is on a geographic basis, I think that what we said was we saw weakness really in all geographies, all major geographies in terms of license revenue, and we saw relative strength in all major geographies from the services and maintenance perspective so it was pretty consistent performance. Japan was a little bit worse than the balance of the other major geographies. It's probably worthwhile pointing that out and if we look at overall revenue on a constant currency basis, from a geographic perspective, we were up in Europe. We were up in the Pacific Rim and that importantly includes being up I think 7% in China, and we down in Japan and about flat in North America.
Operator: Your next question comes from Yun Kim – Pacific Growth Equities.
Yun Kim – Pacific Growth Equities: On the topic of maintenance revenue, can you talk about any risks to your revenue maintenance stream coming from the assembly market and your channel partners? For instance how much are you really exposed to the commodity line shop simply going out of business or simply not renewing maintenance. And are you giving out any additional incentives through your channel partners regarding maintenance renewals?
Cornelius Moses: We are not giving out any additional incentives to our channel partners. Our channel maintenance business continues to perform well. We don't really think there's significant risk to our maintenance revenue for fiscal year '09. We think we're going to be able to maintain attach and renewal rates even in this difficult environment and as I said, our maintenance business overall continues to perform well. We did identify in our prepared remarks that there's perhaps some longer term that would be 2010 and beyond risk to maintenance that is really driven by how we perform in the license line because ultimately maintenance revenue is going to follow license revenue performance. But I don't think that's an issue for us this year.
Richard Harrison: There is always some risk that some of these companies are going to go out of business, and if they do they're not going to pay their maintenance.
Cornelius Moses: Just to put some color around how our maintenance works again, compare and contrast to Autodesk. When a customer buys our license, they sign up for a maintenance contract which number one, most important, gives them entitlement to the new releases out of technology in that product. So as we come out with new releases, they get them based on the maintenance contract. The second thing is, it entitles them to our hotline technical support infrastructure. A customer can't cancel maintenance now and start it up again two quarters down the road. We don't allow that. If you stop maintenance, you're off the train. The only way to get back on the train is to re-buy the software. For customers, it's a big, big decision, one that's not entered into easily. If you're going out of business, it's probably not such a big decision, but it's on a long list of decisions they're going to make.
Richard Harrison: They can't pay the maintenance if they go out of business.
James Heppleman: I'm just saying even when you talk with your top customers, really have to go through a gut wrenching decision to opt out of that because for example, if you're a small company and they're a supplier and their OEM customer doesn't upgrade, now they can't do the upgrade along with their supply chain because they've opted out of maintenance.  So then they're in a situation of having to pay essentially five times the price to re-buy the software and then get back on maintenance again so this problem doesn't re-occur. So there's a real risk actually that you'll get more cost by opting out of maintenance than just staying with the program.
Cornelius Moses: And just one more comment to address your question on channel maintenance more directly, our channel maintenance for the quarter excluding Co-create was up 6% whereas our overall maintenance business was up 4% excluding Co-create. So our channel maintenance business actually performed better than our direct business.
Yun Kim – Pacific Growth Equities: Like you pointed out in the prepared remarks, you did comment that the license renewal could be down 35% for the year. If you finish the year at that rate, would that lead to declining maintenance revenue in fiscal year 10?
Cornelius Moses: Certainly the maintenance revenue would come under pressure if we saw a continued $950 million or $960 million run rate in terms of overall revenue which was driven by license revenue. It would come under some pressure in 2010. That's correct.
Yun Kim – Pacific Growth Equities: Are you currently seeing any pricing pressure on maintenance out there?
Cornelius Moses: We've certainly had customers ask us if we're willing to reduce prices on maintenance. Certainly we're doing that with some of our own vendors and we would expect no less from our customers. But I'd say that in large part we've been able to resist that pressure thus far.
Yun Kim – Pacific Growth Equities: Can you talk about the overall financial health of your channel partners, especially the top ten? I think it took a lot of effort on your part to build out your channel system out there. Would it make sense to spend additional money today especially in marketing dollars to maintain that ecosystem or do you also plan to align your spending on your channel business according to the demand out there? And also, do you plan to hand off more lower end accounts to your channel partners again this year and just wondering whether or not your channel growth strategy will change in the current environment.
Cornelius Moses: It actually is not going to change. We have handed over effective Q1 additional accounts to our channel partners as part of our strategy to continue to move in that direction. That's number one. Number two, we do have an investment in support of our channel partners which is an important strategic investment for PTC this year which is in large part going to be maintained, and that includes marketing spend. I think we identified developing our channel ecosystem as one of our three or four strategic initiatives and we said in our prepared remarks that we intended to continue to invest in those strategic initiatives.
Barry Cohen: One other point you might notice, one of our investments is on strategic service partners. Not only are we continuing with the channel strategy, but we're also segmenting our accounts to allow for partners to participate in our direct account sales so that we can enhance the mix and improve profitability of the company over time.
Yun Kim – Pacific Growth Equities: And those partners should require some upfront costs on your end?
Barry Cohen: They don't require much cost because there will be some fees for the support. What they require in order to ensure that the quality meets the same quality we're striving for in our realized value platform is they will require some training and some support.
Yun Kim – Pacific Growth Equities: Given that you have some financial leverage on your balance sheet, can you talk about whether or not you are planning to extend payment terms or extend credit to your key partners if it does make sense?
Cornelius Moses: We are testing a zero percent financing option for our channel partners beginning in Q2. We have a policy of extended payment terms no longer than 24 months currently and that typically applies to transactions that are $1 million or more. We have reduced that $1 million threshold to $500,000 effective in Q1.  So we have done some things I guess to your point to try to help our customer's kind of bridge the situations that they're in by offering them some more attractive financing arrangements.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Koenig – Keybanc Capital Markets.
Steven Koenig – Keybanc Capital Markets: I wanted to find out about revenues first of all on the license line. Your guidance suggests when we look at the year compares quarter by quarter that those comparisons will get dramatically worse in Q2 and Q3 and then kind of flatten out by Q4, and it sounds like you're thinking that FY10 is probably flattish. I'm curious, what kind of data supports that pattern; first the worsening from this quarter's level and then the improvement as we get towards the end of the year and maybe flattish at the end of the year. What do you see that supports that?
Cornelius Moses: Just to clear, we've reported Q1. We've given Q2 guidance and full year guidance. We have not said anything specifically about Q3, Q4 or for that matter fiscal year 10. What we said is Q1 was down 29% from a license perspective. If you do the math on Q2, you probably get down closer to 40% based on current estimates. I think we did say that we thought things were going to get a little bit worse before they get better. Our full year guidance implies license revenues down about 36%. So you'd have to draw the conclusion that our expectation in the second half of the year is essentially the same as our expectation in the first half of the year in terms of overall license revenue performance.
Steven Koenig – Keybanc Capital Markets: So you're not willing to put a stake in the ground directionally as to which we see the second half evolving.
Cornelius Moses: I really think it's too early to tell. I think one of the things we would expect, typically we have a $20 million to $30 million license revenue spike in the fourth quarter relative to the Q1, Q2, Q3, and a lot of that is driven by large transactions. I think the one thing we would say is that it's probably unlikely we're going to see a $20 million to $30 million license revenue spike in Q4 in this environment. But we would expect Q4 obviously to be the highest license revenue quarter of the year because our incentive program for our sales force is kind of designed to drive that behavior.
Steven Koenig – Keybanc Capital Markets: One quick follow up related on the revenue side, we've been accustomed to getting new seats for ProE and Windchill which I don't think we see this time, so we're kind of wondering what kind of visibility do you have in PLM sales and how is that doing? I think some of your competitors have commented that PLM for them was weak and we didn't pick up that sort of qualitative comment from you in the pre-announcement.
Cornelius Moses: In general you'd say that PLM license revenue, or if you will our enterprise license revenue, Windchill, actually performed better that our desktop license revenue did. Not significantly better, but slightly better, which is probably a little bit of a surprise given the fact that a lot of the large transactions that we typically see are Windchill or enterprise type transactions. I think the other thing that we commented on in the prepared remarks is that even though Windchill license revenue was down, PDM Link which is kind of the core of Windchill license revenue was up 10% in that area.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Davis – Needham & Company.
Richard Davis – Needham & Company: With regard you talk about continuing to invest in R&D and things like that, could you talk a little bit about some of the features and functionality that the customers are requesting that you're adding because obviously if you add more features and functionality, that make your maintenance gear which is a good thing.
Cornelius Moses: I break the R&D investment into two camps. One, we continue to do a lot to Windchill to make it a little easier to use, a little easier to deploy. I think that's what customers are asking us for. They're saying that this is a great product. If you could help me get it in place faster and get people using it faster, that just makes the value proposition just that much more interesting to me. Then there's many other things at sort of a lesser level for advance configuration management for aerospace and defense customers where we're essentially winning every deal. We're doing pretty good right now on some big automotive deals and they want this concept that is essentially features and options in the product, understanding how a product could be configured many different ways and then being able for example, do a digital mock up of any of those configurations. So there's some of that stuff. The second major category that I would say we're going to continue to invest in is the new SharePoint solution. We brought that to market in December as a product point. I would say that that's had a nice embrace by the marketplace. Not that meaningful yet to revenue because it's brand new and a lot of our initial sales are in the channel, but I think that we're getting great feedback from customers large and small that this idea of building out a PLM footprint on Microsoft SharePoints are killer app and worth investing in. So we'll invest a little bit in that as well.
Richard Davis – Needham & Company: A tactical question, with regard to if I'm a salesman and I close a large deal, say it's a $1 million dollar deal, do I get paid a commission, 10% or whatever it is on both the license and the services value or just the license, or does it end up being roughly 10% of the million?
Cornelius Moses: The answer is, you get paid a commission on both but the commission on the license portion of the transaction is much more significant.
Operator: Your next call comes from Michael Olson – Piper Jaffrey.
Michael Olson – Piper Jaffrey: I recognize most geographies are in pretty tough shape, but I think you mentioned 7% growth in China. You seem to have a bit of a head start on some others there. Who do you see most directly from a competitive perspective when you're working on deals in China, and maybe why are you seeing relative success there? And then also, how do you deal with piracy because some of your competitors seem to have a tougher time getting paid?
Barry Cohen: I think the success in China goes back to where we opened up a direct presence there in the early 1990's. Not long after [inaudible] we hired a Chinese National and he built out a really great sales organization in China and that enabled us to land a lot of important strategic accounts. Accounts like Waway and Foxconn, AVIC, the Chinese Aviation Company, the new spin off that to the commercial aircraft in China. A whole bunch of others; the shipbuilding programs are largely ours. So we just got a really good footprint there that's enabled us to build on the supply chain and so forth. I think we see different competitors, not unlike we would see in other geographies. So we see Autodesk quite a bit on the low end to the S&B space. I think we probably see Siemans most in the bigger accounts in terms of competitors and we probably right now are just out executing them given our product and references that we've had for the last 15 years.
Michael Olson – Piper Jaffrey: What about on the piracy front?
Barry Cohen: On the piracy side, we have a program that's in place to go out and aggressively pursue these accounts where we can find out where they are. We have a team of people that's dedicated to that and we actually don't feel terribly when we find out that someone is pirating the software because we have a very good success rate when we discover it in terms of converting it to revenue.
Cornelius Moses: Maybe I can just add some color. The piracy rate is probably as high as everybody's else's but I think we do have some strategies to protect and then recuperate our losses related to piracy and at some point it becomes like a deferred revenue strategy. Pirate away, because if we can catch you, we can quickly turn these things into media license fields when they have to come clean with it.
Barry Cohen: The last piece I would just add there is that we have building on our re-seller channel in China in the last couple of years and we've also enlisted our retailing partners as partners with us in trying to detect piracy and commission them actually on enabling us to bring that deferred revenue in.
Michael Olson – Piper Jaffrey: One question on the channel overall, I might not be remembering this right, but it seems like expectation going forward of 35% to 40% of revenue through the channel is a little higher than what we've heard in the past. Is that right? If that is right, why is there an uptick in expectation there and what are the benefits for you in doing that?
Cornelius Moses: I think we've been saying that really for the last three to six months. Prior to that we were looking at a 25% to 30% rate. We've moved the percentage of our revenue that comes through the channel from mid single digits to roughly 25% by the end of last year. And that's one of our overall initiatives, both to drive more revenue, to reach more customers and to improve margins. So it's true that we're continuing to invest in that initiative probably more aggressively than we did last year and we've kind of raised the bar in terms of where we expect to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Barbara Coffey – Kaufman Bros.
Barbara Coffey – Kaufman Bros.: I've been taking a look at your numbers. It really does look like the reseller channel is stepping up relative to large deals coming in. Can you speak to, are you seeing different buying patterns, different outlook for the future coming out of the small and medium size businesses versus just the large, or how they're approaching difficult economic times and trying to design their way out of it.
Richard Harrison: Our channel partners right now have a tremendous amount of confidence. We meet with them during the course of the year and then we have an annual kick off meeting, and we had that in October. If you were to measure, and I know many of you do, and that's a good thing. We've just had accelerating confidence, and I think a lot of it is just selling our whole PTS story, the whole vision around product development system where our competitors in the low end are just sort of selling almost disposable CAD seats. We have a value proposition that the channel partners also expand upon, and there's the services component that is important to them as well. So they have a tremendous amount of confidence today that they can beat Solid Works and Inventor, and we have confidence as well. And, we've been investing. We've been investing in marketing programs and lead generation programs and new products. They're really excited about the SharePoint addition to the family, because they're going in and changing the dynamics of the decision so that it's not just CAD functionality and price, but it's also, how are you going to connect with people. I think they're very, very optimistic and we are as well, and we continue to give them more territory and more accounts as we relocate and reposition our direct sales force up top. I think what it really means in a longer term is that when this economy turns, and at some point it will, we are going to be better positioned than our competitors to grow more rapidly. We're going to have a very strong channel partner program that's winning with new and better products and we continue to executive lots of benchmarks and build pipeline in the large accounts, and we're winning market share up there, particularly in the Windchill part of the business that when the economy turns is going to result in an acceleration of revenue. So we actually feel pretty good about the business.
Cornelius Moses: I think maybe just to tag on to what Dick said, and maybe to answer your question Bobby and maybe come back to a question Mike, that you asked a minute ago, we've broadened the definition of what channel means to PTC. For the last five years it meant building out and investing in a reseller ecosystem.  We've added to that ecosystem this concept that Barry mentioned a few minutes ago about strategic services partners and we've also added to that ecosystem enterprise resellers such as QAD or NS Solutions in Japan. And so one of the ways that we get our channel revenue to 35% to 40% of total revenue is by continuing to develop our traditional reseller base but then we also broaden the definition of a channel to include those two other categories as well.
Barbara Coffey – Kaufman Bros.: Is there a different take on how fast a recovery, how healthy companies are going to be at the small and medium size group versus the larger company?
Richard Harrison: No. We don't have the answer to that question really. We can give you anecdotes here and there but we're not the right people to tell what's going to happen globally in SMD versus large accounts.
Barbara Coffey – Kaufman Bros.: Just didn't know if you were getting different senses out of different strata's.
Barry Cohen: I don't think it's a strata thing. I think clearly it's an industry thing. You know, automotive clearly is being smacked pretty hard and high tech and some of aerospace and defense things are not being hit as hard. So it's not by size of company, it's more by industry and our assumption is clearly that as the economy turns, our license revenue will rebound strongly. It's just a question of the external factors that are depressing where we are and that's pretty much by industry.
Cornelius Moses: I think one of the last things I'd say on that Barry is that large deals are coming under increasing scrutiny as you would imagine. One of the issues in terms of both the size of those deals and the number of those deals that we're closing, so even though we're feeling some pressure in the channel as well, probably we'd expect direct business to be more challenged simply because there are more signatures and approvals required on reasonable sized transactions today than there were in the past where smaller transactions tend to be "under the radar screen".
Operator: Your next question comes from Sterling Auty – J.P. Morgan.
Sterling Auty – J.P. Morgan: You talked to us a little bit about gross margins on the maintenance revenue, but do you think about what the operating margins in maintenance are? In other words, at this point, what percentage of your operating income is actually just coming straight out of your maintenance?
Cornelius Moses: We don't really think about operating margins by line in the business like that. Certainly the maintenance business is generating the majority of our operating income if we did look at it that way, but that's not really the way we manage the business.
Sterling Auty – J.P. Morgan: Can review for us, I think it might just be some of the answers to the last couple of questions, but in terms of the attack on the expense side, in your prepared remarks you talked about any year over 5,000 or so employees, given all the head count reductions we've seen across all industries, what's the tactic not to be more aggressive from a head count perspective on the expense side?
Cornelius Moses: It's a good question. I think what we've decided is, we are doing a reduction in force. We have decided to exempt R&D from that reduction in force because as Jim mentioned, some of the things that he's working on and we think they're very important to us strategically and are going to enable us to emerge even stronger when the economy turns. And so we haven't specified the level of reduction that we're going to do, but let's just say it's probably excluding R&D, it's probably a high single digit number. With R&D included, it's probably a mid single digit number and we think that's the right thing for the company today between investing for the future and making sure that we react appropriately to preserve a certain level of operating margin in this current economic downturn. 
James Heppleman: Just to add a little color on the R&D thing. Here's the way you should view it. If the R&D organization participated at an equal basis, I would take out about 100 heads. In fact, I am essentially taking out 100 heads out of the business that has been in place and investing that about 100 heads in a couple of new initiatives principally the SharePoint thing and then a little bit more around expanding this recent acquisition we did and expanding the capabilities that that product could deliver, because that's a pretty exciting product as well. So we're going to slow down a little bit on some of the programs we're executing and move on to a couple of new ones that we think are real big differentiators and ultimately going to prove pretty meaningful to our business.
Sterling Auty – J.P. Morgan: You talked about lowering the threshold on the extended payment terms out of the channel partners, can you make some comments on what we should anticipate that does to your DSO's going forward as well as in the price reserves, is there going to be another quick area at the earnings release that we can model through the credit side in terms of bad debt and collections and some of the payment terms?
Cornelius Moses: Let me just make sure that I didn't mis-speak before. Lowering the threshold on extended payment terms is for direct deals and it used to be $1 million threshold and now it's $500,000 threshold. I also mentioned that with respect to our channel partners we were doing zero percent financing option for them on a test basis with a lending institution beginning in Q2. From a DSO perspective, we were at 70 days this quarter. That compares to 73 days in the year ago period so we've been able I think to manage our receivables collection pretty well. It is something that we're watching closely and certainly from a kind of monitoring and evaluation perspective, we've kind of stepped that up with our more significant channel partners and with our direct customers. But I think our expectation at this point this year, is that we're going to be able to maintain DSO's in that kind of 70 day range and we don't anticipate significant, any additional bad debt expense based on what we're seeing.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Horatio Van Brano – Jefferies.]
[Horatio Van Brano – Jefferies.]: Just a follow up, actually it was similar to Sterling's question around the magnitude of head count reductions given the magnitude of license. If you're looking at over 40% decline in Q2, and you're not forecasting much of a rebound in the second half, maybe in the mid 30's decline, why not more aggressive? It sounds like you want to invest in some areas. I guess a related question would be, how do you, do you sort of view the rest of the year as potentially being able to rebound on license in the back half and this is sort of a kitchen sink type view to where maybe you don't want to cut too much in the bone here on the tail side because it went down faster than you think? And if that's the case the potentially if things continue to be weak out there, then you might have to relook at cutting additional head count later in the year.
Richard Harrison: I think that where we are, and it's hard to give you an appreciation for it, but the wins that we had at Airbus and the EADS and the strength of the products that we have, particularly in the, really the total product suite, but particularly in the PLM area, is such that there are many, many companies out there that are evaluating Windchill in particular for a whole host of reasons; globalization, collaboration, managing the bill of materials in an important way, particularly in a down economy. So there are a lot of evaluations going on out there that you don't know about. Many of our install base that we're winning as we upgrade people from Intra-link to PDM-link, but an increasingly significant number of large deals that are happening outside of our base where we are potentially displacing our competitors in some major accounts. We hope to report on those during the course of the year. So as we look at the strength of our products, as Jim develops more products like the SharePoint product and some new things that he has under development right now that will be released during the year, we are attacking our competitors in their backyard and winning. So we don't really want to cut into the ball. We'll take a look at what happens during the back part of the year, but we think that we've given you a pretty accurate forecast as to what we see right now. As Neil said, the operating margin has actually improved to almost 20% in the back two quarters of the year and it takes at least a year to recruit and develop and get a sales rep productive with respect to a good pipeline. And so we don't really have any interest in a short term, 90 day revenue improvement or profit margin improvement with a negative impact that could be one or two years out by cutting a really good effective sales rep.
Cornelius Moses: Just to add on to what Dick said, I think if you'd asked us before what we were planning to do, we would have said we were planning to cut about $30 million of expenses this year. We've upped that number to $50 million in discussions on this call. I think if we do in that neighborhood, $960 million of revenue, that's probably what we're going to do.  If things get either better or worse, we may make some adjustments to those numbers, but I think that $50 million level is appropriate based on where we're headed today.
Richard Harrison: One of the other things that we see that you can't, and we can't always talk about, there have in fact been decisions made, evaluations and benchmarks done, decisions made but not communicated and orders not yet placed in significant accounts that our competitors are not going to be able to explain how they lost them. So there are some that are not yet decided. It is a big pipeline of them. There are some that have already been decided that we don't have the orders on. We're going to announce those during the course of the year. When we do, they're like the ADS. They're not going to be able to explain how they lost, and there's going to be a building number of those. So we're not really interested in compromising that. All that ice under the ice burg that you can't see, we don't want to compromise that by cutting the sales force too dramatically right now. We're going to take out some non-performers which makes sense. We're not perfect recruiters and we make some mistakes and those are the reps we'll take out, but by and large we have two nice an investment not only in the indirect side, but on the direct side to compromise it right now. Our competitors are very nervous about what's happening in the PLM stage, and with the things that Jim's talked about, we're only getting stronger there and broadening our footprint, so we feel good about what's going to happen when the economy turns. Thanks again for everybody's participation. Just like you, we're all hopeful that at some point at least we see things bottom out. I think that first and foremost it would be nice to have a bottoming out of the bad news that's out there and then a leveling off so to speak and then hopefully things will start to slightly improve and so forth. We'll look forward to talking with you again in April.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristian Talvitie – VP of IR Dick Harrison – President and CEO Neil Moses – EVP and CFO Jim Heppelmann – EVP, Software Solutions, and Chief Product Officer
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch  Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank Vijay Haynes [ph] – Needham & Co. Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray Ross MacMillan – Jefferies & Co. Sasa Zorovic – Goldman Sachs Steve Koenig – KeyBanc Capital Markets Barbara Coffey – Kaufman Brothers Sterling Auty – JP Morgan
Operator:  Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to PTC's fourth quarter fiscal year 2008 results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Kristian Talvitie, PTC's Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristian Talvitie:  Thank you and good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Before we get started, I just wanted to quickly cover a couple of housekeeping items. First, as you may have noted there is a type error [ph] related to the dial-in number. It is for the replay of this call in the press release we issued last night. So, our (inaudible) release went out and the correct replay number is now on our web site, on Yahoo Finance and so on. Apologies for that and second as you also know we have postponed our 2009 investor day originally scheduled for next week to February and more details on the exact date of this event will be forthcoming when it is finalized. Before we get started with the call, I would like to remind everyone that during the course of the conference call, we will make projections and other forward-looking statements regarding future financial performance, business trends and other future events. We caution you that such statements are only predictions and that actual results might differ materially from the results projected in these statements. We refer you to the risks detailed in yesterday's press release, the company's annual report on Form 10-K and in the company's other reports filed with the SEC from time to time. Participating on today’s call are Dick Harrison, President and Chief Executive Officer; Neil Moses, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Heppelmann, Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Dick.
Dick Harrison:  Thanks, Kristian. So, just a few remarks. Again we had a – we are pretty excited about the year. We had in the quarter – it was a record quarter in terms of revenue in the history of the company and a record year. So, we are excited about our ability to build on that. We had some major wins in the marketplace during the year. Many of you know about the EADS win and we can talk more about that, but I will also say that as we look at the pipeline which is very solid we think there are going to more wins like that coming during the balance of the year and some maybe as soon as this first quarter. We have done a nice job in the last 12 months of building out capacity both in terms of our direct sales force and our channel, and our products have never been in a stronger position in the history of the company. So, let us move into Q&A and we will take the first question.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch. Sir you may ask your question.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch:  Thanks, good morning. Dick a few things, first looking into fiscal ’09 what are your expectations for being able to maintain new maintenance and maintenance renewals, signings, are you seeing any indications at all that customers are scaling back on renewals, maintaining the license space but perhaps not paying maintenance on as many seats as before.
Dick Harrison:  Jay we haven’t seen any deterioration in the maintenance. In fact, I think we had in the script. We have a record number, historical record number of users that pay maintenance for our software in the range of 900,000 active users on a daily basis and the number is going up, not down. So there is no deterioration in the maintenance numbers.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch:  Secondly, looking at the market, could you talk a little bit more about the various markets auto, aero, high tech, other industrial markets, any important indications in any of those and with respect to one of the major objectives you delineate in the prepared remarks for ’09 meaning the investments in the channel and channel capacity, could you talk about that? What are the objectives for growing capacity and are you seeing any improvements in channel economics? Is it increasingly valuable to a reseller to do business with you versus let us say (inaudible) or anyone else. Is their margin structure becoming better by doing business with you?
Dick Harrison:  Well, with respect to the verticals, again, we didn’t really see any softness in the September quarter. You know, we had a record quarter with over $300 million in revenue. It was the high end of the guidance both on earnings as well as revenue. So, we didn’t see any softness. At the same time, with the exchange rate and just watching what is happening we are opening up the new year, fiscal year, here with a sort of a cautious attitude. With respect to verticals, we didn’t see any sort of, you know, softness in any particular vertical. I mentioned that on the heels on the EADS win, we really do have some big active campaigns. A number of them are displacements of our competitors and it crosses multiple verticals. So, we are not really seeing as much of that. We are not as heavily invested in automotive as some of our competitors as a percent of our revenue, while we in the supply chain and automotive and in power train, but even in those markets, you know, right now we haven’t seen lot of softness. I think if you are a big supplier to the US OEMs, that might be problematic. On the channel side, we grew our channel business last year. It was in the range of 40% plus. Organically, it was in the range of 20%. We have said, if you go back 5 or 6 years, the channel accounted for 10% of our revenue, today it is 25%. We are driving towards 35%. Now some of that is our current channel partners are investing with more reps. We are offering them more products, both organically and acquired, and we really have an aggressive plan to drive towards that 35% of total revenue over the next 3 years. I want to be at least there. So, we are making investments in the channel in terms of marketing. We are also – we are recruiting new channel partners to sell Windchill at the enterprise level, but we also are getting a lot of inbound calls from our competitors channel partners because in many respects they are not making business, just selling 2 and 3 licenses and giving those things away half the time. And they are looking at some of our story around the product development system. It brings services with it. They are very excited. We had our channel kick off meeting in Los Vegas 2 weeks ago. They are really exited about the ProductPoint solution as a compliment to the whole product development system story for the SMB market. So, I think we are going to continue – I actually think we have an aggressive goal for the channel this year, but it is very makeable and the forecast out of the channel earlier this week is strong.
Neil Moses:  Related to that is we have seen 800 basis points of margin expansion in the last 4 years in our sales and marketing expense and that is largely because of driving channel growth. So, this is kind of the single most important initiative for the company for long-term operating margin expansion.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch:  Finally, on units Dick. You had a good sequential increase in ProE from a not so terrific June quarter number for ProE. Was just normal seasonality in terms of improving that number? It contrasted for example, with Solid Works reported this morning which was the second sequential decline in a row for them in the unit, and then you also had an unusually large number of Windchill seats, larger then the first 3 quarters of the year combined, if you could talk about that?
Dick Harrison:  Well, Jay, I mentioned earlier, just quickly in the opening remarks, our products are in a very, very strong position today. Wildfire 4, Wildfire 5 on its way pretty soon. Windchill, PDM linked whole series. It is going to – 9.1 is going to ship little bit later in November here. So a month away. ProductPoint is coming a few weeks after that in early December. Our product position has never been stronger competitively. Go back to the EADS win, a big European company with incumbency from SAP, (inaudible), and Siemens were all much bigger incumbents than we were and we won that deal on the strength of our products and our ability to partner with the customer. That is what they told us in the debriefing. So, what are trying to do here is since we have such a strong product position from a competitive benchmarking position, we want to increase capacity and we are doing that aggressively in the channel in terms recruiting new ones and in getting our current ones to invest and add more reps and technical people and then we have added about 50 or so direct sales capacity in addition to CoCreate sales force. Our issue right now in the short-term is we need to have more people telling our story because it is a really good one and when we get to the market we win. Next question.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Greg Dunham with Deutsche Bank. You may ask your question.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank:  Hi, yes. Thank you. Want to follow-up, partly on the characterization [ph] of the pipeline, and clearly you are forecasting, you know, kind of the similar growth this year as you did last year on a constant currency basis, the license. I mean could you quantify in terms of what you are seeing in the pipeline, how much bigger it is and what are assuming in those rates going forward versus looking backward.
Dick Harrison:  Well, we look at the pipeline in a couple of ways. We do weekly conference calls with the different geographical sales leaders and with them – we do the same thing with the channel, the Vice President of sales for the channel part of the business. And as we look at the pipeline it continues to be very strong. There is a good list of deals. The pipeline is automated. We use Siebel System to capture the pipeline that goes out about a year and as we look at the pipeline, as we talk to the resellers when we are out in Vegas. I was there myself. And as we go through the weekly calls, the pipeline looks strong. From a channel standpoint, it feels like you know, it is going to be up sequentially. Now we haven’t factored in all of the input from currency but just from an activity standpoint, from a deal standpoint and so forth it looks pretty strong and the same is true on the direct side. We do about – in Q1, Q2, and Q3 for every year we do about 16 or 17 deals over $1 million, somewhere between 15 and 17 per quarter. Q4, it bounces up to the low 20s, but as we look at our pipeline that would generate those 15 to 17 deals over $1 million, the pipeline today in Q1 is very strong. It would indicate with normal close rates, you know, that we will have the same kind of number of deals.
Neil Moses:  Hi, Greg just to follow up. It is Neil. I think that you made a good point which is the constant currency license growth projected is pretty similar to what took place last year, and I think we are trying to balance two things. One is to Dick’s point the pipeline looks strong even on large deal activity today, but at the end of the day we may see a little bit of a diminution in the size of those deals for macroeconomic reasons. On the other hand, we have 50 more feet on the street from a direct sales force perspective and we think that is going to help counter perhaps a slowdown in the size of large deals for macroeconomic reasons.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank:  That is helpful. So, the increase in sales capacity helps to offset potential, you know, close [ph] rates continue just going forward, if there is some –
Dick Harrison:  Either close rate changes or size of deal issues.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. In the script I also saw that you mentioned Windchill at double-digit growth rates going forward, now is that – if I recall that has been doing 20% plus looking backwards. Does that – has that come down or am I just reading too much into it.
Dick Harrison:  Windchill growth has historically been if you look over the last 4 years, it has been slightly over 20% compound annual growth. So, you know, I don’t – given our guidance for this year, I don’t know if we are going to see that but that is what we expect to see in kind of a normal economic situation, yes.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank:  Okay, that is helpful. And then the final piece on Wildfire and the additional modules, was that part of the strength for the MCAD business in the quarter or is that something else that drove the kind of year-over-year in sequential improvement that was so strong?
Dick Harrison:  Yes, Wildfire helped and actually our modules performance was pretty good in Q4 as well.
Neil Moses:  The other thing we have done is we have gone back from a sales capacity standpoint and put on focus on Pro/ENGINEER. We built overlay team inside the sales force that is responsible in the direct business. This is not the channel itself. But in the direct sales force there is an overlay group that is responsible for selling only Pro/ENGINEER. So, we have gone back into the base with the release of Wildfire 4 with a concentration on retailing the Pro/ENGINEER story in our large accounts and even into some competitive accounts. So, I think that additional focus is also helping. We will continue to do that.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank:  Thank you very much.
Jim Heppelmann: I might also add quickly if you look at resource reports and I only saw only some quick facts from that this morning, but I think Solid Works had 13% growth last quarter. So, if you look at our channel, we sort of see our channel with ProE competing against the Solid Works channel. Those businesses are pretty close to the same size. Solid Works is a little bigger. But we now have a growth rate in the last quarter that is 50% higher than theirs, which speaks to more than just modules, it speaks to a product story that has differentiated the marketplace and people are waking up to it.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank:  Right, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Vijay Haynes [ph] with Needham & Co. You may ask your question.
Vijay Haynes -- Needham & Co.:  Hi, thanks. Just to go back to Jay’s question on the maintenance, I understand that you guys aren’t seeing any deterioration on the number of customers paying maintenance. Are you seeing any pricing pressure and then I guess would you be wiling to cut maintenance prices if that was to come under pressure?
Dick Harrison:  Right now we would not cut maintenance pricing and actually Q4 was our highest both attach rates for maintenance and renewal rates for maintenance in quite some time. So, we won’t be cutting pricing on maintenance.
Vijay Haynes -- Needham & Co.:  Okay, and then I guess can you comment on the fairly well publicized rumor that you are shopping [ph] the company and I guess provide us an update on where that stands?
Dick Harrison:  We are not shopping the company.
Vijay Haynes -- Needham & Co.:  Okay, that is a good update then. That is it from me. Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. You may ask your question.
Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray: 
. :
Dick Harrison:  Yes, Mike that would be Euro. We have had some tremendous growth in Europe in the last couple of years. You know we – our European business grew from $350 million in 2007 to over $450 million in 2008. Now part of that was from the fact that CoCreate had about 50% of its revenue in Europe, but – and part of it was favorable currency, but another part of it was strong organic growth. So, that is the geography we are probably most concerned about simply because the Euro has retreated from a $1.50 to $1.25 in the course of the past 8 weeks and you know, if you look at the guidance for the year at $1.1 billion probably we were anticipating a few months ago looking a plan of roughly 10% revenue growth for the year, which would put us around $1.80 billion. You know, we have haircut that plan you know, roughly a little bit more than $50 million for the new currency with the European numbers a little bit greater than that because the Japanese yen has actually moved in the opposite direction and you know, that haircut has impacted plan to EPS if you will by more than 20% and it has impacted operating margins by a couple of 100 basis points. So, that is that area that I would say that you know, we have the most concern as it pertains to currency. If we are wrong – so it is roughly a $50 million currency haircut and an additional haircut if you will just to be conservative from a macroeconomic perspective and if currency starts trending near the direction or the macroeconomic doesn’t play out as badly as we all expect, we think we have an opportunity for further market expansion.
Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray:  Okay, understood. And just one last one, when we talk to the resellers, you know they are generally optimistic about the business and again kind of setting aside the macro headwinds, what you do think channel revenue growth can look like in ’09. I know, you mentioned it was 40% in ’08.
Dick Harrison:  Yes, the over 40% in ’08, about half of that was CoCreate related and half of it was organic. So, I think, we would expect to see the same kind of growth out of channel next year as we saw organically this year.
Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray:  Okay, thanks.
Dick Harrison:  In that 20% range.
Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray:  Okay, perfect.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan with Jefferies & Co. You may ask your question.
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies & Co.:  Yes, thanks. So if I strip out my assumption for CoCreate license, you know through the quarters of ’08 and then adjust for currency, it seems that you know, outside of Q3 where the comp was easier, you probably were flat to down on license revenues most quarters. So I am just going back to this comment with regard to the mid-to-high single digit growth for ’09. Has it really come down to the extra capacity of the 50 new sales reps. Is that the primary reason or is there anything else, you know –
Dick Harrison:  The channel is growing, as we said the channel is growing. The plan for the year here organically as the channel is going to actually accelerate a little bit organically, given the investments we are making in marketing, more capacity and so forth and products. So we are going to get really nice increase, it looks like from the channel and then if you look at our productivity numbers, it is just sort of straight math. You know, the average sales rep generates somewhere around $1.3 million to $1.4 million per rep and if you add the additional 50 reps we see some upside. So, it is really a capacity issue. So, there was no additional capacity in ’07 and from ’07 to ’08. We embarked on a globalization program where we moved 600 or 700 people offshore. There was a tax associated with that and during the year we didn’t add the capacity until the end of the year. So, we didn’t get any increase in coverage either in ’07 or in ’08. This is the first year in 3 years that we are going to have incremental capacity and we do – that is the reason along with the channel capacity that we plan for the 10% growth.
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies & Co.:  Okay, great. That is helpful.
Dick Harrison:  I know you are skeptical about it and that is fair but with the products where they are and with the extra capacity we fully anticipate to have that kind of growth.
Neil Moses:  Maybe just one more comment. You know, remember that our channel business is predominately just license and maintenance revenue. And then we are also introducing maybe Jim will talk about this a little bit later on, but we are introducing Windchill ProductPoint as you know later on which we think is going to be a great product for the channel and a great product overall, which should help to drive license revenue as well.
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies & Co.:  Okay, and then just going back to the very big Windchill unit number in Q4. Was that down to like a specific you know, deal or you know couple of deals or can you just kind of talk about that also in the context of pricing, because obviously that is a huge uptick and it implies that obviously you are selling higher volumes with lower priced seats, but I sense is that that was what you kind of always done to penetrate accounts, you know, with enterprise seats if you will. So, can you just maybe add some color to that big increase in units?
Neil Moses:  Just two comments Ross, it is Neil. First of all, there were a couple of deals in particular and I don’t want to get specific that drove a larger number of seats and a lower ASP this quarter than we have typically seen in quarters past. But having said that I think, we have stated in the past that we expect the ASP for Windchill to go down over time as we are moving out of the engineering department which is predominately heavy seats and into the enterprise, which is predominately light seats. So, I don’t think – the fourth quarter numbers are a little bit of an anomaly but the trend ought to be in that direction.
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies & Co.:  Yes, that makes sense. Congratulations. Thanks.
Dick Harrison:  Just I want to quickly go back to a point that Jim made just to elaborate a little bit more on it, because there is misperception sometimes in the market about the strength of our channel. Our channel did 270, almost $275 million last year. In the fourth quarter, the channel did $75.5 million. That is a run rate in excess of $300 million. That is the same size the Solid Works or Inventor. Those companies, their business is no bigger for their SMB market through their channel than ours and in many respects, you could say it is smaller because Solid Works sells into larger accounts and we restrict our channel to a smaller marketplace. So, no one should think that our channel business is marginalized vis-à-vis the competitors. In fact it is just as big and growing faster and we are going to have a really good year in ’09 in the channel. ProductPoint is going to provide upside to that whole business because our channel partners are really excited about bringing to market a share point solution to a set of customers that have already deployed share point. So, it is going to be a very natural situation for them to drop this product in and sell this more collaborative approach to product development in the SMB space. Okay, next question please.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Sasa Zorovic, you may ask your question, with Goldman Sachs.
Sasa Zorovic – Goldman Sachs:  Thank you very much. So, my question would be on I guess, I am finding it a little bit of a disconnect between your prepared remarks and the tone on the call versus the interview that you have provided with Reuters where I am finding sort of this commentary to be very bullish at this point versus, you know, as I am sort of looking you sort of quoted here that listening to the whole economy is falling apart, you are citing here a deal of 3000 folks that kind of came down to just 800, lower closure rates, average deal sizes anticipating going down. So, was it that in this interview you were not really quoted properly or how am I really sort of to reconcile the two?
Neil Moses:  Hi, Sasa. It is Neil. Do you think that a lot of times when you had the interviews with the press that they are looking for the items that are perhaps more sensational than they are looking for, you know, the content of what you are saying over the course of the entire interview.
Jim Heppelmann:  Liberal media.
Neil Moses:  Sasa, I haven’t said to anybody that – maybe it was just in the course of the conversation, somehow it was misinterpreted. But I never said the global economy is collapsing or whatever. I just – I don’t believe it. We didn’t see it in the fourth quarter and I don’t see it right now. You know, I think that there is some sense out there that certainly does. Financial markets have collapsed but manufacturing companies are not collapsing today. I certainly think, you know, when we talked about it in the past, there has been a little bit of a headwind in the United States. There has been a recession in the United States and business has been a little bit more difficult to come by. We did talk about the fact. We anticipated what we might see if there was a recession and that is different than seeing it. If we were to see a slowdown in Europe that Neil was alluding to for example, that might happen, certainly we are going to get a headwind from currency. But if we were to say okay, things might slow down. We don’t see customers not buying. We don’t see them stopping their services engagements. We might see them shrinking a little bit the size of their investment or first deployments. So, instead of buying 1000 seats, maybe they will buy 700. We have talked about this in the past, but the globalization, the connectivity, the collaboration aspects of our products are enabling manufacturing companies to compete more aggressively in a global world where they have to and they simply can’t ignore our solution today, even in a bad economy. So that was really I think more the tone is, if we did see a recession what might happen and we really said we don’t see a big fall off. We might see some slowdown but not a fall off and I think maybe I think that got misinterpreted.
Sasa Zorovic – Goldman Sachs:  So, if you look at sort of the trend in the business that you have seen. So, they have been companies that have specifically pointed to that the second half of September and then kind of beginning into the December quarter here, have you sort of noticed any sort of particular sort of slowing down around that sort of standpoint or you are basically giving this commentary that in essence you haven’t really changed, seen all that much change than earlier in the September quarter up until the present?
Dick Harrison:  We really haven’t seen much change. We haven’t seen any change in China. The US has been flat for the last 18 months and I think the forecast for the US right now, is actually on a relative basis it is pretty strong. We could up over a year ago as I mentioned the pipeline is there. In Japan, it is sort of flattish and in Europe it has been good. Now we are anticipating a little bit. The dollar is going to hurt us because it went from $1.50 to $1.25. And there is nothing we can do about that, but in terms of big deal activity. A year go right now we were working on the EADS deal and everybody knew about that deal. That is a big company, big transaction. Today, a year later, I would say that there are 5 or 6 deals that all of the competitors are working on, some of which have already been down selected and some of which have been chosen with companies that are in the same relative size in terms of revenue, annual revenue as EADS. So, companies that have $40 billion to $80 billion in annual revenues are making decisions about their PLM future and we are right in the middle of all of them and the competitors are not. So, from that look at the pipeline it is actually a better pipeline than it was a year ago. And we think we are going to be announcing some big deals during the course of the year.
Sasa Zorovic – Goldman Sachs:  So, finally regarding geographies as you mentioned you know, Europe had a very strong year. Japan however, was a little bit disappointing again, on a constant currency basis I guess something like 13% down. I was wondering is that really more like a market issue there or are you again seeing some of the some of the institution issues that the company has had a while back now?
Dick Harrison:  Yes, we got to check the numbers. I think the 13% down was Q4 only. That wasn’t the whole year.
Sasa Zorovic – Goldman Sachs:  Yes, I apologize, Q4 only.
Neil Moses:  Japan was up 23% for the year. I don’t remember what the number was on a constant currency basis but –
Dick Harrison:  That is just big deals. That is just the seasonality of big deals that couple of them came in early in June versus September. It is all big deals.
Jim Heppelmann:  And we had solid channel performance in Japan as well.
Dick Harrison:  Yes, Japan grew for the year 11% in constant currency. You know, check with our competitors. I don’t think they did better than that.
Sasa Zorovic – Goldman Sachs:  Great. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Steve Koenig with KeyBanc Capital Markets. You may ask your question.
Steve Koenig – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. If I may I just would like to maybe tie the threads on revenue one more time here and then have a question on margins, if you will. So, on the revenue side then am I correct in interpreting that your constant currency guidance given projected softening in Europe requires that US growth rates improved this year and I am just wondering if that is true then how do I reconcile that with kind of – the credit situation grew almost exponentially worse in late September. You had your fiscal year end and seasonality is always a positive factor. How – what assumptions are you making about the US economy next year within the context of your guidance going forward.
Neil Moses:  Well first of all, excuse me, the US business for us has been soft for 18 months now, which is not a new phenomenon. You saw our performance in the US last year, it was flat. And actually down a little bit if you take out the revenue we got the CoCreate there. So, we have had a difficult time in the US for a number of quarters now. And I think your point is, if you are assuming that Europe is coming down because of currency pressure that requires US growth. Well, we do think that the US is going to be better than it was last year, this year, quite frankly. But the fact that we have seen currency pressure in Europe is not that – it doesn’t necessarily mean that we are projecting a down year in Europe. I am just saying that we are not going to see the kinds of growth rates that we see in the past. Our European revenue last year I think grew 28% year-over-year. So, we expect, you know, modest growth in the US and growth in Europe, but certainly not to the extent that we saw last year. And we expect continued strong growth in Asia-Pacific particularly in China where we have been growing in excess of 20% a year for the past 4 or 5 years.
Steve Koenig – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  And just a last question on that topic, and Neil what drives the improvement in the US, is that primarily the channel and sales hiring, is that what you expect to drive the improvement this year?
Neil Moses:  Yes, we have got. Some of the capacity that we talked about probably about 20% of it went into the US. So that will help. And yes, our channel in the US has been doing extraordinarily well. So, those – you are exactly right.
Steve Koenig – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  And then last question on the margin, you know, guidance suggested margins kind of flattish next year due to some of the investments in the channel, you know, I think we had been hoping that some of the various initiatives that you are pursuing could result in some margin expansion. Is there potentially some upside on margins next year?
Neil Moses:  Yes, so a couple of things. First of all, if you think about our plan for next year we are increasing revenue by $25 million year-over-year and expenses are increasing by about $20 million year-over-year. So, when we are talking about investments we are making you got to understand that pretty modest investments on a year-over-year basis. They really are. I think they are important investments that the company has made. Secondly, as I said, currency is impacting margins by over 200 basis points this year and we further haircut the plan as I said to account for a little bit of a macroeconomic slowdown which we are all feeling today. So, if those assumptions prove to be too conservative, there is absolutely an opportunity for margin expansion and I go on to say that we haven’t made assumptions in our plan about kind of across the board headcount freezes for example, in terms of hiring, but we are being fairly judicious in our hiring at this point in time and if we continue that pace throughout the year. There will be opportunity for margin expansion there as well. Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Dick Harrison:  Operator, we got time a couple of more questions and then we will wrap it up please.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Barbara Coffey with Kaufman Brothers. You may ask your question.
Barbara Coffey – Kaufman Brothers:  Yes, good morning. Can you speak a little about the launch of the ProductPoint and what features and functions that it has that are duplicative of your other products versus sort of the – sort of the target market ASPs, so we can sort of can figure out where in the market this is going to go.
Jim Heppelmann:  Yes, Barbara it is Jim. I will cover that. So, ProductPoint is a native share point based solution. It sort of takes the basic concepts of share point, which range from collaboration and source of networking up to project management and content management and it extends those so that they work in the world of CAD and enterprise applications and so forth. So, I like to think that we are making share point useful to people doing product development rather than like porting to share point. Now, in terms of the target market, our primary first target market is, let us say, the small to medium size companies who are looking for very inexpensive, simple PLM footprint. Perhaps they are using shared drives right now and suffering with all the problems trying to manage versions and structured file sets and so forth that are (inaudible). So, the primary target would be the channel to sell a smaller of a share in some of the medium sized accounts and then the secondary audience would be the medium and large accounts as a compliment to Windchill. This would be the big accounts who really need a serious PLM engine but still would like to get more utility out of share point, you know, as a collaboration tool for working with suppliers and so forth. So, in fact, it is not that much overlapped. I would say, de minimis overlap perhaps on the area of collaboration, team-based collaboration where Windchill has a capability and of course that is where share point specializes in. but as a percentage of our footprint it is a very small percentage. So, I think we are actually going to do well both selling it standalone in the low-end as well as a compliment to Windchill in the high end. I think it is a new way to get into new high end accounts who maybe have somebody else’s PLM solution, but really are pretty willing to sit down and listen to a story about how to use share point in product development. I will actually draw your attention to a report I was looking at a couple of days ago from Forrester, the industry analyst firm. They did a report on share point adoption. They went out and interviewed 233 CIOs, 87% of them had a plan to adopt share point within the next 12 months, like 50% of that was sort of like within the first – within the next 6 months. So, you know we see a potential rapid adoption of share point and PTC with a strong leadership position in how to get utility out of share point and product development. We can take that into our existing account and we can use it as a way to get into brand new even you know competitive hostile accounts with a story around share point.
Barbara Coffey – Kaufman Brothers:  Okay, and then is there any update on the Toshiba matter?
Dick Harrison:  Well the case brought by General Electric Credit Company in the US courts was dismissed and so that is where it stands today. There is still ongoing litigation in Japan as of today. Today were not a part of that litigation, but you know we’ll see what happens in the wake of the dismissal of the US case.
Barbara Coffey – Kaufman Brothers:  So the reserves are still there and so it won’t be reversed until you know the conclusion of the litigation.
Dick Harrison:  Yes. Until we know the conclusion of the litigation in Japan and whether or not we’re going to be a part of that litigation.
Barbara Coffey – Kaufman Brothers:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Our last question comes from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. You may ask the question.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan:  Yes thanks. Hi guys. There is an article in the journal a few days back talking about customers’ ability to finance technology acquisitions and I believe, you guys obviously given the size of some year transactions use some third-party finance companies. I’m just kind of curious what you’re seeing if there is any difficulty in some of these larger deals that you’re doing, you know, for your customers to get financing terms and is that impacting your ability to close some of those deals.
Neil Moses:  Sterling it is Neil. We actually do very little in the way of third party financing. If you look back on this last year for example, I think we did maybe at most $10 million or $15 million of third party financing predominantly around larger deals. If you look at the, you know, the volume of larger deals last year, I think it was an excess of $160 million. So it’s less than 10% of the large transactions that we do each year.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan:  Okay. And then Dick you mentioned the productivity for sales rep the $1.3 million to $1.4 million. Was that for an average rep or because you’re adding 50 new reps. I thought in the past you have talked about kind of a three quarter or so ramp for a new rep to kind of hit, you know, the productivity run rate.
Dick Harrison: 
, :
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan:  Okay that makes sense. And then on the EADS contract. Can you just remind me in terms of how the revenue was supposed to flow. I don’t think you’re disclosing how much if you are that will be great, but just talk to us how that kind of flows through the income statement in terms of the timing?
Dick Harrison:  Well, just like you mean all revenue there’s a maintenance component that has been ongoing for years and, you know, as we deploy more seats will go up. There is a services component that we recognize as we perform the services and then there from time to time they’ll decide to buy more licenses or more seats. You know I think like all companies they’re cautious today and they’re not buying in advance of when they want to deploy. Years ago, we saw companies do more of that where they will do these big deals and buy licenses and they might sit in the shelf for a while, but that doesn’t happen anymore. So, our – historically our presence and again our competitors were really well – as well represented across the EADS companies as we were. Our footprint has really only been in the airbus account. So, already we’ve begun to displace the competitors in Eurocopter and they there are plans going forward to continue that. EADS wants to standardize on Windchill for all legacy and future programs for all divisions of the company. So that implies that over the next few years as we, you know, migrate our way to the different divisions. They will add more seats as they – as we displace the competitor seats.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan:  Okay and last question. Can you describe, I think Parametric historically has been a lot different than some of the competitors in terms of exposure to automotive, specifically you know, given all the talk that we have with General Motors and Ford, et cetera. Can you just review for us kind of where you stand in terms of the business exposure to the automotive industry.
Dick Harrison:  Yes. Again I was talking a little bit about this earlier, but I think that you know automotive and aerospace accounts for about 10% of our revenue.
Neil Moses:  No, not along with aerospace.
Dick Harrison:  I am sorry, automotive – thanks. Automotive accounts for 10% of it. The aerospace market for us is really good and continues to be strong. Automotive accounts for only 10% of our revenue. I don’t know what it is for the competitors, but it is probably in the range of 30% of their revenue. So our biggest competitors are much more concentrated on automotive. So we’re not going to see, we haven’t yet, and we are principally in the supply chain and then in power train inside the OEMs.
Neil Moses:  Yes. For example, we don’t do business with the U.S. OEMs at all. (inaudible).
Jim Heppelmann; :
Dick Harrison:  Yes. So it doesn’t feel like we have a lot of risk in our business because of that. I would make, you know, just as a quick comment there. I think the US automotive companies, you know, they like to say that they’re not doing well because of the pension issues and all that. I will tell you publicly they’re not doing well because their products stinks and that’s the principal reason and they don’t use our products. So maybe there is a link there. They ought to come talk to us if they want to improve their position.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan:  I was wondering how you’re going to bring that back around and tell them their products (inaudible) decide a negotiation. Alright guys thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Kristian Talvitie:  Thanks everybody. Thanks very much. We look forward to talking to you soon.
Dick Harrison:  Yes, we look forward to talk in January. It should be an interesting call at that time. We’ll see what happens. Thanks.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristian P. Talvitie - Vice President of Investor Relations C. Richard Harrison – President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Cornelius F. Moses – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President James E. Heppelmann – Executive Vice President Software Products, Chief Product Officer & Director Barry F. Cohen - Executive Vice President Strategic Services & Partners
Analysts: Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Co. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Richard Davis - Needham & Co. Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Bros., LP Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning Ladies and Gentlemen and welcome to PTC’s third quarter fiscal 2008 results conference call. After brief opening remarks we will conduct a question and answer session. Instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder Ladies and Gentlemen this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce Kristian Talvitie, PTC’s Vice President of Investor Relations.
Kristian P. Talvitie: Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. Before we get started I wanted to quickly cover a couple of housekeeping items. First, as we’ve been communicating this quarter, we’ve adopted a new approach to releasing our financial information. In addition to the normal supplemental financial and operating metric information which includes a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures, which we posted to our website yesterday in conjunction with the press release, we have also provided a written copy of the prepared remarks portion of today’s call which we will not be reading live. The intent behind this change is to provide our shareholders with more time to review and analyze our results prior to the call. Consequently this morning’s actual prepared remarks will be very brief and then we’ll open the call up for Q&A. We look forward to any comments you may have regarding this new process. Before we get started I would like to remind everyone that during the course of the conference call we will make projections and other forward-looking statements regarding future financial performance, business trends and other future events. We caution you that such statements are only predictions and that actual results might differ materially from the results projected in these statements. We refer you to the risks details in yesterday’s press release, the company’s 2007 annual report on Form 10K, and in the company’s other reports filed with the SEC from time to time. Now on to the call; participating on this morning’s call are Dick Harrison, President and Chief Executive Officer, Neil Moses, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jim Heppelmann, Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer, and Barry Cohen, Executive Vice President of Strategic Services and Partners. I’ll now turn the call over to Dick.
C. Richard Harrison: We had a very strong quarter with $273 million in non-GAAP revenue above our guidance of $260 million to $270 million, 21.3% non-GAAP operating margins above our expectations of between 20% and 21%, and $0.33 non-GAAP EPS above our guidance of $0.28 to $0.32. And we have a solid outlook for Q4 despite a soft economic environment in the US and some uncertainty about the strength of the global economy. We are initiating guidance for the fourth quarter of non-GAAP revenue of $290 million to $300 million and non-GAAP EPS of $0.38 to $0.42. I continue to feel good about the long-term prospects for our business. We have made some substantial changes to our business model which I believe are becoming quite apparent in this quarter’s results and our going forward outlook. We have been investing in sales and marketing resources to capitalize on the market opportunity. We continue to invest in R&D and it is paying off. Our products are performing very well in competitive benchmarks. In short, we are winning. Companies are continuing to globalize their engineering and manufacturing workforces and processes. To do this effectively they need to be able to leverage and share complex product design data amongst numerous departments internally as well as with suppliers and other partners. We believe the necessity of PLM applications is only increasing in today’s market and that PTC is very well positioned to deliver value to our customers and our shareholders. With that I’d like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Co.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Co.: First question just on Japan, we’ve been watching Japan for some time and it gradually improved, but this seemed to be a breakout quarter. Could you just describe whether there was any particular singular large deal there or just are we reaping the benefits of the improvements and change in management you put in place a little while ago?
Cornelius F. Moses: It was a good quarter for Japan, no question. We did have several large deals in Japan. As a matter of fact, three of our top five deals this quarter were in Japan. Even if you strip those deals out, it was a good quarter for Japan. But we did have significant large deal activity there.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Co.: I know you gave specific clarity on the revenue and operating expense benefit from fx. Could you just remind us, I don’t know if you have it at hand, do you have the last couple of quarters where you could give us the same data?
Cornelius F. Moses: I’m sure we could get it for you offline. I don’t have it in front of me right now.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Co.: I think CoCreate when you bought it was doing kind of quarterly run rate license of maybe something around $4 million or $5 million a quarter. Would that be consistent? Has that business kind of performed in line with your expectation from a new license perspective as you’ve started the integration process?
Cornelius F. Moses: Yes, the license revenue has performed in line with expectations and the overall CoCreate business has performed slightly above expectations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Besides Japan there were two other metrics that were notably changed from prior quarters. First, Pro unit as you mentioned in the remarks were down sequentially quite a bit from Q2. They were up a little bit year-over-year but you’ve got it against easy compare, would you say that it’s in the Pro/E unit volume that you’re seeing the bulk of the effect of a softer US economy and what are your expectations now there for Q4 and beyond? And secondly, you had unusual strength in maintenance sequentially particularly but I would assume that that was highly correlated to the strength you saw in Windchill. So the question there too is how repeatable or sustainable is that strength in the maintenance number?
Cornelius F. Moses: With regard to your first question, actually our business in North America is more heavily weighted towards Windchill and enterprise revenue relatively speaking than our overall revenue worldwide. So the weakness we’ve seen in North America has manifested itself more on the enterprise side than it has the desktop side. So that’s not an explanation for the desktop units. Your second question, I always get confused with two-part questions.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: The question was about the unusual strength in maintenance and whether that was repeatable or sustainable?
Cornelius F. Moses: The maintenance business has been very strong. There are three pieces of it. The underlying organic growth for maintenance has been strong. Number two, we’ve exceeded expectations on the maintenance stream in CoCreate. And then finally, currency has been a significant tailwind for our maintenance business. So with respect to the first two pieces we expect those to continue. Our renewal rates improved this quarter in maintenance which was great to see. With respect to the tailwind from currency obviously you know that’s a crapshoot.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Just to follow up on the first question about desktop. Regardless of the waiting of North America, how do you explain the large sequential decline in Pro/E regardless of where it occurred, how are you factoring in Pro/E for Q4?
Cornelius F. Moses: At that level there’s a lot of fluctuation in those numbers when you go down two or three levels from total revenue to desktop units from quarter to quarter. We try to understand why it took place but there are a lot of fluctuations in our business that take place at a micro level like that that we don’t spend a lot of time on quite frankly. 
C. Richard Harrison: In Q4 the forecast which we’ve talked about Jay looks strong so I’d anticipate right now it’s going to bounce back a little bit. And the other thing we’ve done is we’ve talked about the fact that one of the things we’ve been able to do with our off shoring plan this year is not only to save a lot of money but to invest in sales and marketing for the first time really in the last three years. So we’ve added some overlay sales capacity. I’m not sure if I’d call it overlay; we’ve actually attached these sales reps in the field directly to the regional managers out in the field, so they have sales quotas specifically for Pro/E. They’re not corporate resources; they’re field resources and the regional sales managers have a Pro/E quota for example or a target that they have to hit with these additional product specialists. So I think that’ll provide a little more focus on the Pro/E business as we go forward. The channel execution’s been great. The channel had a very very good quarter. So I would say that if you’re disappointed in the Pro/E seat numbers, it’s probably coming from the larger direct accounts where we’ve talked about the fact there is some saturation.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: That last comment regarding the field Dick leads to my final question regarding sales capacity. On the direct side you substantially rebuilt that over the last few years and as high as it was back in the old days but it’s the largest number in a while. How are you thinking about that in terms of capacity-driven growth into 09?
C. Richard Harrison: We started this year at about 380 reps. Then we bought CoCreate and we picked up about 30 sales reps there and during the course of the year we’ve added another 35 or 40. We’re at about 450 to 455 total sales reps today and we’re going to continue to add a few more in the fourth quarter. So we’re basically going to add 90 sales reps during the course of the year which is a significant number. Now depending upon where they’re allocated and the sales cycles associated with that, I would layer in that capacity and the impact of that capacity over the 09 year. We always factor in a six to nine month ramp up, so we’re not looking for any real input from those sales adds in 08 although we might see a little bit in the fourth quarter here. But I think we’ll start to see it come in to 09 particularly in the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty - JP Morgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Can you talk to us about, given the fx benefit that you saw in the quarter, what have you actually imbedded into the guidance for the fourth quarter on currency exchange for the major currencies?
C. Richard Harrison: We don’t assume any uptick or downtick with respect to currency when we give our guidance for Q4 or the full fiscal year. Our projections are based on where currency is today in terms of the guidance that we give. We never speculate on currency from a forward-looking guidance perspective.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: On Japan, was it channel or was it direct sales that brought in the large deals and were any of the big deals actually Toshiba coming back to the plate here?
C. Richard Harrison: Yes, that’s a good point. Jay just mentioned the CoCreate that’s in Japan number two. They have a strong business in Japan about 25% of the revenue. But the large deals that came in were through the direct sales force and one of those large deals was with Toshiba.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: We’ve talked in the last couple of quarters about the idea of the higher priced full feature Windchill seats versus some of the lower priced ones. Given the real good seat count in Windchill, can you give us a flavor to what that mix looked like during the quarter?
C. Richard Harrison: To be honest with you I haven’t seen the mix numbers on the Windchill seats between high end and low end. I don’t think we have that data yet.
Cornelius F. Moses: You have ESP. We could refer it from that.
C. Richard Harrison: Sterling, we’ll get back to you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Davis - Needham & Co.
Richard Davis - Needham & Co.: With regard to Dessault’s kind of V6 it seems to me that there, at least when you talk to end users, they seem to be kind of closing down or locking down their network or access to their software in terms of working well with other vendors. How does your strategy compare to that and what have you heard from clients competitively? Do they like that strategy? The point is, I’m trying to figure out if there’ll be any plate tectonics with regard to market share.
James E. Heppelmann: If you look at this V6 strategy, there are a couple of sort of fundamentals here, one is the idea of deeply integrating CAD with Data Management. That’s a pretty good idea. We did that five years ago when we launched our concept of a product development system. So I’d say that’s a good idea, five years behind the rest of us. The second thing though is the closed attitude as you mentioned. Dessault’s strategy basically is we’re going to hide the CATIA files inside the Matrix database so if you want to use CATIA you’ll have to buy the matrix database; basically you won’t have an option theoretically to use another system. It’ll be too closed for that. You can imagine that already just the principal of it being closed is quite irritating to customers and the attempt to force sort of secondary decisions through a closed strategy.  But I think the bigger problem, Windchill supported the idea and so have others of sticking CAD files inside a database for some time but I can tell you there are massive performance implications. If you add a second to how long it takes to access a file and then you try to open a 10,000 part assembly and it takes 10,000 seconds more than it did at the previous place, you’re pretty much ready to throw the software out the window. So I think personally I don’t think it’s going to work technically. Second of all I think customers are going to reject it because they’re not really in a mood to adopt closed strategies in this day and age. Our strategy integrates things deeply but in an open way. We give you a compelling reason to buy Windchill if you use Pro/ENGINEER. We don’t force you to. And I think customers don’t like being forced to do anything especially the big auto and aero accounts that have been a little abused by Dessault in recent history and don’t really want another round of it. So I think the tectonics are that there may be a massive non-adoption of CATIA V6 and a massive vulnerability associated with that when customers scratch their head about what’s the future of their relationship with Dessault.
C. Richard Harrison: And I think it’s already happening Richard. Have they announced a matrix win in the last two years?
Richard Davis - Needham & Co.: They may have but I didn’t see it.
C. Richard Harrison: Our Windchill business is exploding and one of the reasons that it’s exploding, and I think Siemens PLM business is strong as well, both of us are feeding off of the Dessault base. We’re in their biggest accounts and many accounts are going directly from CATIA to Windchill. So I think this V6 is a reaction to the fact that they’re getting clobbered out there and Matrix has become sort of difficult. It was just misused for so long I think it’s been difficult for them to repair it. Before they acquired it, it was just in disrepair. We’re going to continue to announce lots of deals where we’re managing CATIA files and I think this strategy’s going to compel them to actually lose business. I know Volkswagen in the body area is going to manage CATIA files with Siemens’ PLM system with teamset. So there are a number of those kinds of things happening in the market place today. I think it’s a reaction a little bit out of the fact that they’re losing market share and they don’t know what else to do about it. But to Jim’s point, we looked at doing the same thing with Windchill and we’re ahead of them in terms of deploying solutions with Windchill. Windchill’s going to do $420 million or so in revenue this year and Matrix is doing $100 million. So we’re way ahead of them in terms of revenue. We’re four times larger. We have a lot of experience in managing those CAD files directly in a Windchill database and Jim just told you technically it’s not going to work.
Richard Davis - Needham & Co.: Well, not for nothing. Directionally at last the anecdotal comment that I’ve gotten has been similar to what you’re saying. That’s why I asked.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray.
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray: An area of focus from a risk to numbers perspective has been Europe and you had a strong Europe quarter. What are the catalysts in the Europe business that would work to offset kind of a year of macro slowdown in the second half of the year if things were to significantly deteriorate there?
Cornelius F. Moses: What I’ve said Mike is our European business has been strong now for 18 months or so and certainly we benefit from currency but we’ve basically seen mid-teens or better growth even if you strip out currency. At this point in time we’ve got a very very strong sales force in Europe, a number of very large global accounts there, and that’s where the heart of our competition is with Siemens and Dessault and SAP and it’s the area where we continue to do best. That’s not to say that the North American recession is prolonged and that it’s not going to spread globally and certainly spread to Europe. Today we are not seeing signs of that. Our European business continues to be strong, our pipeline there, and in Asia continues to be very strong. North America business stabilized a little bit this quarter albeit off of a weak quarter from last year, but we are seeing signs of stability in North America for Q4. Not necessarily growth. And our internal forecast for Europe continues to be strong for the balance of the year.
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray: As far as operating margin targets, are you still comfortable with this 25% op margin target for fiscal 10?
Cornelius F. Moses: Yes.
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray: And tax rate for fiscal 09, any guidance you can give us there?
C. Richard Harrison: Well we’re not going to give any guidance for FY09 on this call but I think if you look at what’s happening to our non-GAAP rate this year it’s coming in under expectations. We’re running I think about 33% or 32%.
Cornelius F. Moses: 34% for the year.
C. Richard Harrison: 34% for the year but 32% or 33% year-to-date, and we hope we can knock a point or two off of that next year but we’ll talk more about that in October.
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray: Can you just give us any update on how far we are through the migration of INTERLINK 3 to Windchill users? I think the last data point was that you were around a third of the way through the transition of the user base there. Any latest data points you can give us?
C. Richard Harrison: I have not seen new data. We haven’t run a new analysis of that in the real recent timeframes but I would imagine we’re in the 40% to 50% range now. We continue to make good progress and there’s a large number of customers yet to go.
Operator: Our next question comes from Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Bros., LP.
Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Bros., LP: As you’re taking a look at the reseller channel, it had some pretty amazing growth. Would you attribute some of this to the CoCreate acquisition or are there other specific factors that are in play there? Also as you look around the world, are there certain verticals or certain industries that are showing outside strengths versus others that are showing particular weakness?
Cornelius F. Moses: On the reseller question I think we had 48% growth year-over-year in the reseller channel. If you strip out CoCreate which has a very very strong reseller channel, our “organic” reseller growth is about I believe 19% year-over-year. And we’ve averaged 15% or 16% over the past four years so it was a strong kind of “organic” reseller quarter and we got a great contribution from the CoCreate reseller base. When we talk about specific verticals going forward, we continue to see strength in the aerospace and defense verticals. Certainly we continue to see strength in high tech and electronics. And if we’ve seen any weakness this year by vertical, probably it’s been in the consumer product/retail footwear and apparel area which actually we had a decent quarter this quarter but year-to-date the business has been softer than last year.
C. Richard Harrison: I would add, I think it’s more geographic than industry-based right now.
Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Bros., LP: As a cousin to that, there’s been some migration of the reseller channel selling more products. Could you speak to where you stand on migrating the resellers to selling more products and sort of up the food chain?
C. Richard Harrison: It’s certainly the case still that the majority of what our reseller community sells is Pro/ENGINEER but increasingly we’re making our acquired products available to them. Mathcad has done very well in the channel. IsoDraw which is an ITEDO product has done extremely well in the channel. Just to name a couple.
James E. Heppelmann: The Windchill business is building. It’s still a minority contribution but there’s some traction there and I think we’ll accelerate that when we ship this Windchill product point this year.
Cornelius F. Moses: Yes, I think we talked about it in the Analyst Day that the growth of Windchill in the SMD market place is represented by our channel off of a small number but basically 40% compound annual growth.
C. Richard Harrison: The other thing that I’ve got a higher level about the channel, if you go back three or four years ago we probably did 10% of our revenue in the channel and we said back then in 04 that we wanted to drive channel revenue to 20% to 25% here in 08. And it’s going to be around 25%. As we go forward and have a three-year picture looking forward what you’ve seen is that we’re now driving additional direct sales capacity with the incremental as we’ve done this year. Those reps are all going to be targeted, well for the most part, some of them are channel support reps, but for the most part they’re targeted in even ever-larger accounts. And we’re building our plan for 09 right now but I’m trying to drive up an incentive plan where a piece of our bonus is tied to additional channel performance as a percent of revenue. So we’re very intent on driving this channel number from 25% to 35% in the next three years. We’re going to lose some of our own money if we don’t do that so we want to continue to have a nice balance and an even better balance between indirect and direct, but that means that both grow at a substantial rate. So we’re going to have more reps than ever in the direct accounts and we think the channel performance is going to continue to really expand nicely.
Operator: Our final question comes from Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I have a question about thinking about revenue growth going forward on a normalized basis. Probably the first half of the year wasn’t indicative of what you think you can do and Q4’s going to have tough comps, so if you think about your business more on a normalized basis, how do you think about growth here? And just to toss this out, we calculate that revenues grew in organic constant currency terms at about 5% this quarter year-on-year. You’re hiring sales reps at a 10% to 15% pace, even organically this year. Do you foresee revenue growth is going to pick up from here then and what gives you confidence that demand will support that level of growth going forward, as you won’t have currency working for you and the effective CoCreate starts diminish?
Cornelius F. Moses: If you remember again, at our Analyst Day we showed the four boxes if you will, our business by SMD and large enterprise and also by Mcad and Data Management. We talked about there being a natural acceleration to our organic growth trajectory. If the trends in each of those boxes that has taken place in the last three or four years continue for the next three or four years, and what we said was that all other things being equal - of course all those things are not equal. For example this is stripping out any kind of macro concern from the equation, but all other things being equal, we ought to be a double-digit grower next year, around 10% hopefully, and we ought to accelerate it into the mid-teens three years out. And we think that’s going to happen. Now the sales capacity that we’ve added is meant to meet demand for larger accounts that we can’t currently cover. And you’re right, our organic growth for this year has been less than double digits.  You’re pretty close with your estimate on Q3, but we’ve also expanded margins by over 600 basis points so far this year. And certainly that takes a little bit of the wind out of your sales from an organic growth perspective when you make that kind of leap inside of 12 months. With the additional sales capacity we absolutely think the demand is there. We don’t think we’re covering enough accounts out there and we don’t think that capacity is helping us at all this year, to Dick’s point earlier, other than adding a little bit of expansion in Q3 and Q4 but hopefully we’ll hit the ground running for fiscal year 09.
C. Richard Harrison: We wouldn’t have added the sales capacity unless we surveyed the field and asked them what they thought because they have to step up and take the quota next year. So as we interviewed the geographical sales leaders, they all came back and said that they have more demand for sales opportunities and resources than they could react to. So that was a driving force behind that decision. And in particular our whole story about the product development system is particularly strong. That coupled with some really nice product releases, Wildfire 4 I think was delivered in the March timeframe about four or five months ago, Windchill 9.0 is now getting into its third or fourth quarter, and we’re getting a lot of people moving to Windchill 9.0, and 9.1 which is a point release, looks like a major release, is going to ship in December around the same time as that low-end version or the share point version of Windchill. So we’re sort of at a position where we have great momentum particularly in our installed base, we’re winning some new accounts in terms of transition, we’re adding more reps, the products are strong, and we think if we execute well that we can improve the growth rate next year. Operator, are there any other questions?
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
C. Richard Harrison: I wish everybody a good summer and thank you for your attendance this morning. We’ll talk to you in October. Thanks.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kristian P. Talvitie - Vice President, Investor Relations C. Richard Harrison - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Cornelius F. Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer James E. Heppelmann – Executive Vice President, Chief Product Officer 
Analysts:  Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets Ross MacMillan – Jefferies Sterling Auty – JP Morgan 
Operator:  Welcome to the PMTC second quarter fiscal year 2008 conference call results. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Kristian Talvitie, PTC’s Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Kristian Talvitie: Before we get started, I want to just quickly cover a couple of housekeeping items. First we had emailed RSVPs for our upcoming Investor, Analyst and Media Day, which is going to be held in conjunction with the PTC User Conference in Long Beach, California, this year. The primary management and customer presentations will be on Monday, June 2, with time available on Tuesday, June 3, for one-on-ones.  For those who are interested there will also be an opportunity to attend portions of the User Conference as well. The RSVP email that we sent out has details about hotel reservations and registering but please feel free to give me a call if you have any other questions regarding the event. Also, next quarter we’re going to be making a change to the press release earnings call process. We’ll be issuing the press release and related information after the market closes the day before the call. We hope this will allow everyone, especially the folks on the West Coast, a little more time to analyze the results prior to the call.  So today on the call we have Dick Harrison, President and Chief Executive Officer; Neil Moses, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; in addition, Jim Heppelmann, Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer; and Barry Cohen, Executive Vice President of Strategic Services and Partners are here to participate in the Q&A. There is supplemental financial and operating metric information, including a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures available on our Investor website.  And finally, before we get started I would like to remind everyone that during the course of the conference call we will make projections and other forward-looking statements regarding future financial performance, business trends and other future events. We caution you that such statements are only predictions and that actual results might differ materially from those projected in these statements.  We refer you to the risks detailed in this morning’s press release, the company’s 2007 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in the company’s other reports filed with the SEC from time to time. After our prepared remarks we will hold a Q&A session. In order to keep this moving, please limit yourselves to one question and one follow-up.  With that I’ll turn the call over to Dick.
C. Richard Harrison: As you all read in the press release we had a solid quarter, $259 million in non-GAAP revenue and $0.30 non-GAAP EPS for the quarter. Our Windchill business continues to outpace the market growth. We added 25,500 new seats of Windchill during the quarter, up from 22,950 in Q2 of last year. We now have more than 550,000 maintenance-paying Windchill seats in the market. This is up 28% year-over-year. We are winning in the field. Our technology is performing very well in competitive benchmarks with large global accounts. We launched Windchill 9.0 last quarter and that is going well. We have a number of customers who are already deploying this version of the product. The next version of Windchill, 9.1, will be released this fall and will include incremental improvements to some of the new functionality in 9.0, such as MPMLink for integration with SAP and Oracle, and configuration management capabilities. 9.1 will also offer new capabilities enabling outsourced design to help our customers coordinate better with suppliers and partners. Our CAD business is also performing well in a difficult market environment. We added 5,000 new Pro/E seats in Q2, up from 4,850 in Q2 of last year. We now have over 130,000 maintenance paying Pro/E seats in the market. This is up 4% year-over-year. We just launched Pro/E Wildfire 4.0 during the second quarter. This is the most compelling release of Wildfire and is the culmination of 22 months of development work. 4.0 really builds on the foundation from versions 1 through 3, which were all about improving usability, quality and connectivity with Windchill.  4.0 now comes with some new functionality as well as four new chargeable modules, including a DRM or Digital Rights Management tool, and an ECAD-MCAD collaboration tool. We have big customers who have begun deploying 4.0. Overall I feel very good about the business. Companies are continuing to recognize the necessity of PLM applications in an increasingly global and distributed yet collaborative engineering and manufacturing environment. To succeed in today’s market, companies need to be able to leverage global resources and share complex information amongst numerous departments internally as well as with suppliers and other partners. We are hearing increasingly about large global companies who are allocating significant capital to PLM implementations. We are continuing to see a solid stream of revenue from large deals. In Q2 we’ve recognized more than $1 million of revenue from 16 customers during the second quarter totaling $38 million; six of these customers were in North America, six in Europe and four in Asia. This was up from 12 customers last quarter totaling 32 million and comparable to 16 customers totaling $36 million in Q2 of last year.  Large deal activity is typically a leading indicator of customers’ willingness to invest in our solutions, and we are pleased to see that this investment has continued, notwithstanding the fact that we are faced with a more challenging economic environment, particularly in North America. Now I would like to take a few minutes to talk about some of our revenue metrics and our outlook for Q3 and the full year. In aggregate we achieved 14% year-over-year non-GAAP revenue growth in Q2 including the revenue contribution from CoCreate.  By line of business, license revenues of $73 million were up 2% year-over-year, reflecting very strong license sales in Europe partially offset as expected by continued softness in North America. Sequentially, license sales were up in all geographies and 9% in total. Looking forward to Q3, we are expecting a modest sequential but significant year-over-year increase in license sales. For the full year we are currently expecting mid to high single-digit license growth. Services revenues of $64 million were up 10% year-over-year. We had solid services growth in all geographies, driven by an increasing number of Windchill implementations. Looking forward to Q3, we are expecting flat sequential performance in services revenue.  For the full year we are currently expecting mid to high single-digit year-over-year growth for our services business, which is higher than anticipated in our initial FY ‘08 guidance. At the same time we expect our services business to be more profitable than in FY ‘07 due to significant improvements in our consulting business. Maintenance revenues of $121 million were up 23% year-over-year and 6% over Q1. Q2 was our biggest maintenance quarter ever. As we look to Q3 and Q4, we are currently expecting modest sequential growth in each quarter. For the full year we are currently expecting year-over-year growth in the high teens, which is higher than our initial FY ‘08 guidance.  Revenue by channel and direct, we continue to have good success in expanding our reseller channel, with $62 million or 24% of our total revenues coming from the channel in Q2. This is 26% year-over-year growth and up 5% from Q1. Year-over-year our channel revenue grew in all geographies, 16% in North America, 35% in Europe, 30% in the Pac Rim and 7% in Japan. Q2 SAM and direct account revenue grew 9% year-over-year. The outlook for Q3 and FY ’08 turning now to our outlook for Q3, we are currently expecting non-GAAP revenue between $260 million and $270 million, with non-GAAP EPS between $0.28 and $0.32. For the full fiscal year we continue to expect non-GAAP revenue of approximately $1.60 billion, with at least 22% non-GAAP operating margins. We are expecting non-GAAP earnings per diluted share at the high end of our previously announced range of $1.17 to $1.27. Despite the potential impact of a slowing economy in 2008, we are confident in our ability to achieve our fiscal 2008 revenue target. Why? Approximately half of our expected 13% revenue growth for the year is expected to come from the CoCreate acquisition, which is performing very well. The remaining half of the expected growth implies approximately 6% year-over-year organic growth.  This is lower than our 9% organic growth CAGR over the past three years, as we anticipated a softening US economy in 2008 when we established the target. 65% of our revenues come from outside North America, and we have been and expect to continue driving strong performance in Europe and Asia. Approximately 45% of our revenue is maintenance revenue, and given the strength of this business we are confident that we can meet our $1.60 billion revenue target for the year. Our globalization plan has enabled us to invest in our sales capacity. The number of PTC resellers has risen from 400 last year to 500 today, including the CoCreate acquisition. In addition, for the first time in three years we have increased direct sales capacity. On October 1, 2007 we had 380 sales reps. Today that number is 430, and the target is 450 by the end of this fiscal year. This is all built into the 22% operating margin plan. With that I’ll turn the call over to Neil Moses.
Cornelius F. Moses: As Dick mentioned, we had a very strong quarter, $259 million in revenue with $0.30 in earnings per share. It’s worth pointing out that relative to our guidance, these results include approximately $1.3 million or $0.01 in EPS from a legal settlement in our favor, and another $0.01 of benefit from a lower than expected tax rate for the quarter.  Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 34% rather than the 37.5% we had anticipated. Even taking these items into account, our EPS would still have been at the high end of our guidance range for the quarter. We have approximately 117 million shares outstanding, as we repurchased $22 million worth of our stock during the quarter or approximately 1.4 million shares. From an operating performance perspective, we achieved 21% operating margins, which is a 630 basis point improvement over last year. The drivers of the operating performance improvement were a combination of the margin accretion from the CoCreate acquisition and our ongoing efforts to evolve our distribution model, globalize our workforce, and improve our services business model.  More specifically, as a percentage of total revenue, sales and marketing expense was 290 basis points lower compared to the second quarter of 2007, as we continued to build out our reseller channel and our SAM program. Our services net margin was up 370 basis points over the second quarter of fiscal 2007 as we continue to drive up consulting utilization rates and improve the overall efficiency of this business. And our G&A expense was down 100 basis points, reflecting the benefits of our globalization efforts. And importantly, R&D spending remained in line with last year, at 17.7% of total revenues, reflecting our commitment to continue to invest in our integral product development system. Overall, our Q2 non-GAAP operating expenses were $205 million, up 5% from Q2 of last year. The Q2 expense for stock-based compensation was $11 million, and our acquisition-related amortization expense was $8.9 million. We also had a restructuring charge in the quarter of $1.9 million related primarily to our globalization strategy. For the first half of 2008, our non-GAAP operating margin of 19.6% is up 480 basis points over the first half of fiscal 2007. Keep in mind, however, that the first quarter of 2008 included approximately $3 million of G&A expense related to the audit committee investigation and restatement completed during that quarter. Excluding that expense our year-to-date non-GAAP operating margin is up approximately 540 basis points compared to the same period last year. Total head count was 4,725 at the end of the second quarter, up 83 employees from the end of the first quarter. And during the quarter we added 17 new sales reps and remain on track to add 40 direct sales reps this year, primarily in emerging geographies such as China, India, and Eastern Europe. Moving on to the balance sheet, our cash balance ended at $259 million, up from $215 million in Q1, and Q2 operating cash flow was $107 million compared to the $92 million for the same period last year. At the halfway point in our fiscal year, we have generated $128 million of operating cash flow, $52 million more than the same period last year.  During the quarter, we repaid $52 million of our $220 million debt obligation on the CoCreate acquisition and used $22 million to repurchase shares, as I mentioned earlier. We have $8 million remaining on our current $40 million authorization and intend to renew this authorization in order to offset any future dilution. We also continue to have strong receivables collections. Accounts receivable decreased $12 million from last quarter and is down $36 million year to date. DSOs for the second quarter are at a five-year low, at 64 days, down from 73 days in Q1 and 74 days in the second quarter of fiscal 2007. Further to Dick’s point about the strength of our maintenance business, our deferred revenue balance is at an all-time high at $286 million. We continue to believe that it is one of the best indicators of the strength of our business and our relationships with our customers. The second quarter is typically our strongest quarter for deferred maintenance due to seasonal maintenance renewal patterns, and this quarter is further benefited by the CoCreate acquisition and from favorable currency impact. Speaking of currency impact let me give you some further color. On a constant currency basis, we achieved 8% year-over-year revenue growth in the second quarter. And if we look at constant currency growth by geography, Europe grew 16%, Japan and the Pacific Rim each grew 8% and North America declined 1%.  Year-over-year Q2 revenues benefited by approximately $13 million, while expenses were negatively impacted by approximately $8 million. The net result of these currency movements was a $0.03 benefit to earnings per share. Before I turn to our outlook for Q3 and the full fiscal year, I want to comment on the CoCreate acquisition integration. We are very pleased with our progress here and are on track to complete the integration by the end of the fiscal year. We have also begun the background work to integrate CoCreate with Windchill. Let’s now turn to our outlook. As Dick mentioned, for the third quarter we are expecting non-GAAP revenue between $260 and $270 million and non-GAAP earnings per share between $0.28 and $0.32. We are expecting slightly lower operating margins on a sequential basis given some incremental sales and marketing expense in the third quarter.  On a year-over-year basis, we are anticipating an improvement in operating margins of over 700 basis points. This guidance assumes a 35% non-GAAP tax rate and 118 million shares outstanding. The non-GAAP revenue and earnings expectations exclude a deferred maintenance revenue write-down of about $1 million associated with our acquisition of CoCreate and the following third quarter estimated expenses and their tax effects, approximately $11 million of expense related to stock-based compensation, $9 million of acquisition-related amortization expense, and approximately $2 million of restructuring expenses related to our continued globalization program. On a GAAP basis, we are expecting third quarter revenues between $259 million and $269 million, with earnings per share ranging between $0.14 and $0.18. Our GAAP tax rate is expected to be 37.5%, and again this guidance assumes 118 million shares outstanding. And finally, with respect to Q3, we expect to retire approximately $50 million of debt. Turning to the full year, we remain very confident in our ability to achieve our non-GAAP revenue target of $1.60 billion with non-GAAP operating margins of at least 22%. Given that we have changed our assumption for our fiscal 2008 non-GAAP tax rate to 35% from 37.5% previously, we expect earnings per share to be at the high end of our previously announced range of $1.17 to $1.27.  The full-year non-GAAP revenue and earnings expectations exclude a deferred maintenance revenue write-down of about $5 million associated with our acquisition of CoCreate and the following full-year estimated expenses and their tax effects, approximately $44 million of expense related to stock-based compensation, $32 million of acquisition-related amortization expense, $2 million of in-process research and development expense related to acquisitions we completed in the first quarter, and approximately $15 million of restructuring expenses related to our continued globalization program. On a GAAP basis, we expect full-year revenues of about $1.55 billion and earnings per share to be between $0.66 and $0.77. Our GAAP tax rate is expected to remain at 37.5%, and we are assuming approximately 118 million shares outstanding. One final note on taxes, we continue to expect our cash tax rate to be about 25% for the foreseeable future. Before opening up the call for questions, I’d just like to say thanks to everyone for their support over the past couple of years. We have made a number of changes to our business model, which I believe are becoming quite apparent in our year-to-date results and our going forward outlook. In short, we have built a business that can deliver high single-digit organic growth and mid 20% operating margins on a sustainable basis. Now I’ll turn the call to the Q&A portion.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We do have our first question from Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  Dick, first a clarification about your outlook for the year, notwithstanding the softness in the North American region you’re otherwise making no changes in your sales capacity plans or other operational plans for the year?
C. Richard Harrison:  That’s correct. So in the sales capacity plan, the plan was to go from 380 direct reps at the beginning of the year and finish at 420, which we’re on track, we’re at little over 400 today, and in addition to that we’ve added 30 through CoCreate. So, we’re really going to end the year at 450 direct sales reps. And there’s no current plan to change that. If anything, Jay, if the back half of the year and the forecast remains steady as we go into the beginning of next year, we might even look to add a few more.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  First, are you seeing any indications at all that the Windchill business is becoming an inducement to Pro/E or other business by contrast to the historical pattern where CAD business drives PDM business? Additionally, can you comment at all on the rationale for and timing of the forthcoming light version of Windchill?
C. Richard Harrison:  We’re not really going to talk about any light version of Windchill today, because there’s something in the product plan, but Jay, it’s premature to talk about that. I think what I would say about customer buying patterns today is that in the old days and until the last couple of years buying decisions might have been more CAD-centric.  Today customers are looking first at the overall importance and complexity around managing their engineering or product information, and that’s what’s driving most of the decisions.  Increasingly, companies like Toyota or Volkswagen, BMW, Airbus, Boeing and others have heterogeneous CAD environments that include electrical, mechanical, the software components we’ve described, and a desire in those larger companies and even mid-sized companies to consolidate around a single data model for product information and to manage that information. So we’re seeing more emphasis on the data management part of PLM. PLM’s a catchall for everything, which is a little bit of a misnomer, but when we look at managing CAD data in the engineering department and in the enterprise, Windchill is by far the market leader. We’re winning the business there versus our competitors.  And we do have examples, big examples, of customers that have made those decisions for Windchill and then gone back, companies like Dell, Ingersoll-Rand and others, and consolidated CAD decisions around that PLM decision.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  It’s been a year now since you introduced the multiple configurations of Pro/E with other product such as Arbortext. Have you seen any mix and therefore ASP improvements in that part of the business?
James E. Heppelmann:  Jay, the ASPs for the Pro/E business have remained relatively flat over the past year. And I would say that in terms of the packages, still the most popular packages are the high-end package at roughly $20,000 ASP price point and the low-end package at the $5,000 price point. But we have seen some traction in the other three packages that we announced a year ago.
C. Richard Harrison:  The other thing is, Jim, just to add, the real reason behind that repackaging and naming project we did last year was to help customers really understand, particularly in the reseller space, the advantage of Pro/E being a scalable product. And I think the best metric is how are we doing with seat sales, because if people understand the advantage of a scalable product they’re more likely to buy that product than some of its competitors. And I think using that metric it feels like that program is working fairly well.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs.
Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs:  Dick, so specifically regarding currency benefit when you mentioned year-over-year could you tell us what the benefit has been sequentially and specifically since you provided your guidance for the quarter?
Cornelius F. Moses:  Sasa, I don’t know $12 million sequentially? Last quarter we benefited $12 million year-over-year. This quarter we benefited $13 million year-over-year from a currency perspective overall. But I don’t have the number. Sasa, we can take it offline, because I think we have a call today on the currency benefit since we provided our guidance.
Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs:  Could you also then tell us a little bit about what happened in the rest of Asia outside of Japan? So obviously Japan was fairly strong. But given how strongly the economies are growing there, so in Asia outside of Japan, I believe there was about a 9% growth rate there. Why not more than that?
Cornelius F. Moses:  Yes, if we dissect Asia a little bit, the growth in the China market, which is our largest Pac Rim market, continues to be very strong. And when I say very strong I mean in the 20% to 30% range, and that’s been the case for some time now. We had a more difficult quarter in the Taiwanese market. And the Korean market, which is our third major market in the Pac Rim, had mid to high single-digit revenue growth overall.
Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs:  And why is that? Why is that specifically? Is it like competitive why is that?
Cornelius F. Moses:  Well, actually the Korean economy is not growing at the same rate that the Chinese economy is, so we were growing in Korea in line with the market. And we’ve got about 70% market share in Taiwan, and so we’ve got a situation where our business is somewhat saturated there.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray. 
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray:  It makes sense that you’re taking a conservative stance on North America. Does it make sense that if North America’s weak that that could catch up to other developed geographies like Western Europe and is there a potential for weakness there and is that in your outlook?
Cornelius F. Moses:  We’re not seeing that yet. I think that you’re absolutely right. If we’re in for a prolonged problem in North America, I think it would be a little bit naïve to think that Europe wouldn’t be affected by that as well. But at this point in the year, halfway through the year, we’re not seeing it.  And our forecast for Europe, going forward at this point the pipeline still looks pretty strong. But again I think it’s how long are we in it in North America, and if we’re in it much past at the end of this year then probably Europe is going to be difficult as well. But again the pipeline doesn’t reflect that today.
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray:  Do you have any metrics on what revenue per customer or revenue per user looks like over the last couple of years? I would imagine it’s moving higher as Pro/E customers become Windchill customers become Arbortext customers, etc., but any specific metrics that you can give there?
Cornelius F. Moses:  It’s not a necessarily a metric we track, but we’ll do a little bit of homework on that, Mike. And we will catch up with you on that at Analyst Day if not before.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns. 
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns:  Just with respect to North America and the continued weakness there. Can you comment a little bit about what you’re seeing in the pipeline and your customers’ temperament? Has it changed at all in the last couple of months, improved or worsened?
C. Richard Harrison:  I think we talked about it during the last meeting a little bit, the last conference call. I would say that North America is a little bit cautious, although quarter over quarter, was North America up a little bit in terms of, it was down 1%.  So I think that what we saw was some big deals get a little bit smaller, so they are still continuing to invest, but maybe instead of going out with a 2000 or 3,000-seat deployment right away, they might cut that in half. So they’re still investing in this globalization and the infrastructure behind it. They’re just being more cautious about some of the rollouts.  But also the preliminary forecast we have for Q3 shows that North America is going to go up a little bit, and there’s enough activity across the board, with channel and direct and the maintenance and so forth, that we feel pretty good about that. Now we have to execute on those big deals, but there is pretty good work in process in the forecast. What I think about it at a higher level right now, we’re in early cycle in terms of refreshing our products. Windchill 9.0 came out on October 1 roughly; Wildfire 4.0 came out in January and February. So these are two brand new releases, both with chargeable modules, and we’ve added 50 sales reps in the last six months. So we feel pretty good about the fact that and probably with CoCreate an additional and our own recruiting 100 channel partners in the last six months. So we’re starting to make a dent in the capacity issue.  At the same time we have brand new products coming to the marketplace or versions of those products, and we feel pretty good about the back half of the year, and the maintenance business is particularly strong, which is going to give us a little bit of lift in the back half as well. So that’s a little bit what I’d say is behind the guidance.
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns:  You had said that the 3Q forecast shows North America going up. Is that year-over-year or quarter over quarter or both?
C. Richard Harrison:  Both.
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns:  Obviously, you acquired some more resellers via the CoCreate acquisition. In looking at the growth in the indirect revenue I think it was up about 25% year-over-year, can you talk about the organic growth in the channel and if you’re seeing any change in the demand at that mid-market level in terms of the overall growth rate?
Cornelius F. Moses:  No, 26% overall, I had estimated probably around 15% of that coming organically from the channel and the balance is coming from CoCreate, but we can try to give you an exact number.
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns:   And you haven’t seen any significant changes in the demand then, in the mid-market environment?
C. Richard Harrison:  No.
Cornelius F. Moses:  Demand continues to be stronger, as a matter of fact.
C. Richard Harrison:  And in terms of being pretty close to the exact numbers, we started the year with about 400 channel partners. CoCreate brought 65 or so, and then we’ve added another 35 ourselves in terms of recruiting, 35 or 40, and we’ve deleted a few. So we’re right around 500 total channel partners today.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank. 
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank:  Quickly on the margin front, looking out to the back half of the year, plugging in the numbers and the 22% operating margin, I’m having a difficult time getting even below that 1.27 number for earnings. The question is twofold. What are you assuming for taxes and other income? And where did you think you’re going to get the leverage on the margin line going forward?
Cornelius F. Moses:  The first piece is we’re assuming a non-GAAP tax rate for the full year of 35%. And so what we said today on our call was that although our guidance previously has been $1.17 to $1.27, that we expect it to be in a high end of that range because of the change to our non-GAAP tax rate, lowering it from 37.5% to 35%.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank:  So on the back half that tax rate should jump to around 37.5 then?
Cornelius F. Moses:  No, no. We’re about 34% at the halfway mark, up slightly.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank:  Then looking back, you’ve grown services margin by nearly 400 basis points over the past 12 months. What expansion would you expect going forward over the next 12 to 18 months on that front?
Cornelius F. Moses:  I think what you’ve seen in the last six or so months in the services business is what you’ll continue to see for the balance of this year. Our plan is to expand our services margin by 400 basis points for the full year. And the principal reason that’s taking place is because the utilization rates for our consulting business are up significantly; they’re up about 10 points from where they were in the year ago period, and that’s driving some significant margin expansion. Going forward beyond this year, we obviously have not put together a plan for next year yet, but do we think there’s more leverage there? Yes, probably not the same type of leverage we’re experiencing this year. But is there another three to five points of utilization leverage in our services business and could that drive a couple more points of services margin? Yes, I think it probably could.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank:  Given the change in the market and given the integration of CoCreate, do you consider yourself more likely to get more aggressive on the acquisition front given the valuations of some of these other properties out there?
Cornelius F. Moses:  I think what we’ve said at least for the first half of this year and probably in the short term, we’re still continuing to focus on making the CoCreate acquisition a success, integrating that company successfully into PTC, and I think as I said before it’s going well.  As far as future acquisition activity, I would say that there’s still a disconnect between most companies that are out there, if they’re public companies, between what their valuations were six months or a year ago and what they are today. And so even though there are depressed valuations, it seem like they might create opportunities.  You can’t pay a 20% or 30% premium over today’s valuation and expect anybody to pay attention to you. So I don’t really think we’ve gotten to the point where companies that could potentially be acquired by PTC, or for that matter other companies in the software space, have come to terms with their current valuation. And I think that’s actually acting a little bit as an inhibitor to acquisition activity over the next six months or so.
C. Richard Harrison:  The short answer, I think it’s a good answer, Neil, but we’re not going to be more aggressive than we’ve been. We don’t have any plans to be more aggressive. And I think as I was describing we feel like our products are strong, we’re improving our capacity; we’ve done some acquisitions to round out our footprint. Right now I think we have a really good opportunity to execute against the solutions we have in our install base, and we’re winning some new accounts with the footprint we have.
Operator:  Our next question is from Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  First one is just looking for a little more color on the strength in the licenses that you have this quarter. Can you help us understand was it modules and upgrades, new license deals, big customers, small customers, CoCreate? Just a little bit of color in terms of what was maybe most important in helping you there?
Cornelius F. Moses:  On the Pro/ENGINEER side it’s definitely sales of new seats, both low end and high end. Sales of modules have actually been down for several quarters now, and that’s because we just released a new version of Pro/E Wildfire. Steve, towards the end of a previous release, those module sales decline, and then when you release a new product they begin to increase again. But what’s driven the Pro/ENGINEER license revenue is principally sales of new seats. On the Windchill side of the house I would say that the primary driver of Windchill license revenue has been PDMLink, and that’s actually been the case for some time. That’s definitely the biggest driver of what we’re seeing in terms of Windchill license growth.
C. Richard Harrison:  That would be new seats of the most core module.
Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  How did CoCreate do from a license perspective? And you gave the breakout for CoCreate on the indirect channel. Can you help us with the breakout overall or at least for the direct channel regarding CoCreate?
Cornelius F. Moses:  I can tell you, we don’t break out CoCreate revenues separately, but just anecdotally, from a license and total revenue perspective, CoCreate is performing as if not slightly better than we expected for them this year.
Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  When we looked at the 8-K for CoCreate, prior twelve months last year, relative to your guidance, it looks like you’ve been fairly conservative on CoCreate. Is it currency, is it you’re pruning revenues in selected geographies or is that you’ve got some upside possibility? Could you help us understand that?
Cornelius F. Moses:  I’m not sure I understand the comment that we’ve been relatively conservative. Before we purchased CoCreate their revenue was relatively flat for two or three years at roughly $75 to $80 million annually. We constructed a plan this year on the basis of that knowledge and the fact that this year was an integration year for CoCreate. And the real leverage associated with the sales force was probably an ‘09 issue as opposed to an ‘08 opportunity. But let’s put it this way: CoCreate’s revenue is up year-over-year.
C. Richard Harrison:  They were running at roughly $20 million a quarter. We’re not talking about a big number.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ross MacMillan - Jefferies. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies:  Neil, just on the FX, so you said I think 8% growth ex-currency and you had in print 14%, which implies about 6 percentage points of growth from currency. Would it be fair to think about that being the right number to also apply to the license number? So you had a 5 or 6-point benefit on license as well?
Cornelius F. Moses:  It’s a little bit disproportionate to the maintenance business. When you think about how our maintenance business performed, you should apply a greater percentage to maintenance than you should to either the license or services business.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies:  Because of the CoCreate European base.
Cornelius F. Moses:  By the way, we have a disproportionate volume of maintenance for PTC in Europe as well.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies:  And then you obviously paid down I think certainly more than I expected on the debt this quarter, and it sounds like you need another $50 million next quarter. At current levels you actually disclosed what you will be paying down, but it seems ahead of plan, so should I think of that $50 million per quarter pay down rate as being ongoing?
Cornelius F. Moses:  No, it might vary a little bit by quarter. I think on the last call we talked about the fact that we expected the debt balance to be in the $100 million at year-end. So the fourth quarter pay down will be less than $50 million, maybe half that amount.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies:  So there’s no change to the pay down plan.
Cornelius F. Moses:  No.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies:  Obviously this year you’re still going through the process of integrating CoCreate. But just from a capacity standpoint, would you be willing to take more debt again in the event of another acquisition that came your way if it was the right thing to do?
Cornelius F. Moses:  I think the answer is if it was the right thing to do the answer is yes, but my comments earlier I think are a little bit important because I think it’s tougher to get a deal done in this environment right now, both because of the mindset of companies that could potentially be acquired and because the debt markets are obviously not in a very good shape.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies:  It sounds like you’re going to go and re-up on the buyback authorization. And you also mentioned I think just keeping the share count adjusted for the dilution. Is that how we should think about it, it’s more going to be flat lining on a diluted basis? You’re just going to try to keep that number relatively flat compared to stock option issuance with the buyback?
Cornelius F. Moses:  That’s right.
C. Richard Harrison:  Yes, just a clarification. We’re going to ask for the authority to do that; we haven’t done that yet, but that’s something we’re going to ask to do.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sterling Auty – JP Morgan. 
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan:  If we take the 6% organic growth comment and back out the currency benefit and look at that growth rate, it would seem to suggest that the seat growth is actually a little bit better than the organic revenue growth without the currency benefit. And what I’m wondering is what is that suggesting about what’s happening to the pricing out there in the marketplace?
Cornelius F. Moses:  I think you first of all your high-level observation is correct. On the Pro/ENGINEER side ASPs have been relatively flat and we expect will continue to be. On the Windchill side ASPs are down slightly, and the reason for that is increasingly the seats that we’re selling with respect to Windchill are not necessarily the high-end seats that were sold into the engineering department, but they’re lower end seats that we’re selling into the enterprise, which is the strategy around Windchill, right, populate the engineering department first and then populate the enterprise.  So pursuing that strategy means that over time Windchill ASPs probably will come down slightly, but there will be a proliferation of seats and hopefully that will continue to help drive a real healthy Windchill license revenue number north of 20% as it has been for the last three years.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan:  So it’s still just a mix issue, not an actual pricing issue.
Cornelius F. Moses:  That’s correct.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan:  Can you give us a little bit more color, so the 21% growth in maintenance, how much of that is just from bringing CoCreate into the mix? Is there any other items, whether it be customers coming back to maintenance, or any other items that might be benefiting you on that front?
Neil Moses:  Well, it’s really three things. One is CoCreate, the second is the benefit of currency, and the third is we have had a big push in our maintenance business in terms of win back programs, to try to drive up higher initial tax rates and higher longer-term renewal rates, and those efforts have really been going on for a couple of years. It’s one of those initiatives like globalization, like services profitability, like evolving our distribution model, that’s really begun to pay off for us.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  First, are you seeing any customer piloting activity at all of Dassault’s V6 architecture? Secondly, any take on yesterday’s UG announcement of their new so-called synchronous CAD for Solid Edge and for MX? 
James E. Heppelmann:  Yes. So, on the V6 thing, I think most customers I’ve talked to are highly skeptical about that. A lot of them think that it’s an out-there idea based on some questionable architectural approaches. For example storing CAD data in the database rather than a file system, which has been proven by several vendors not to work that well.  So, I’d say I see a huge amount of skepticism from customers and I think customers by and large prefer that Dassault just finished V5 rather than switch horses again and started talking about a new architecture. So I don’t see any competitive pressure. In fact I think Dassault potentially is walking the plank here with this V6 story, having not really satisfied customers with V5 and now embarking on a riskier yet strategy. With respect to UG, the synchronous CAD story, all I would say is I think that’s a reaction to PTC buying CoCreate and starting to position some of the benefits of explicit modeling, because that is really a story about the new UG architecture which embraces more explicit modeling.  And by the way, Dassault has had some similar comments where they’re talking about their V6 architecture also highlighting explicit modeling. So, I think that this CoCreate story is getting some traction and I think the competitors are trying to react to it and beef up their explicit modeling strategies as well so that we don’t pull ahead with a big advantage in that area.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  Just a clarification on a phrase you used earlier in the presentation. I think it was Neil. You said you have an integral product development system. Is that the same as integrated, the term you’ve been using historically?
James E. Heppelmann:  No, we’ve been using the term integral for a long time, Jay, if you go back and check our slides and so forth. What integral means is that the pieces are designed to work together? Integrated means they’re actually not designed to work together and then after the fact you do your best to patch them together.  I was in a meeting last week with a large aerospace company and I said your aircrafts are integral. The wings are designed from the fuselage; you don’t make any wings with any fuselage; when you launch a new program you do a fuselage and wing integral design and that aircraft performs very well.  That’s the concept of our product development system, is that the products are engineered or in some cases reengineered after an acquisition to work seamlessly together. We bring the source code all in-house; we do the engineering that’s necessary so that we can put a pretty impressive solution back in front of the customer.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  Do you think that next month’s CoCreate release will move the revenue needle at all or is it just a relatively small thing do you think?
James E. Heppelmann:  I think in the world of CoCreate it’s a pretty big release, actually. I think there’s some trepidation, no doubt, in the CoCreate base. What does it mean that PTC bought CoCreate, what will they do with CoCreate, is it really strategic or not? I think that this release will answer those questions.  This is going to be a big, meaty, impressive release that came out under the PTC brand. And I think it will reassure people that we’re serious about this product and that they should feel comfortable moving forward with buying decisions or expansion decisions.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Sterling Auty - JP Morgan. 
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan:  On the comments that you made around the strength of Windchill and PDMLink, can you just give us little additional color? How much of that is traction in the Interlink upgrade process and how much of that might be just greenfield opportunities just because of the need for data management where it just hasn’t existed before?
James E. Heppelmann:  Yes, we’re looking around here. It feels pretty balanced, maybe half and half. We’re doing well on both fronts. The Pro/Interlink upgrade, that’s a big opportunity and lot of that remains out ahead of us. And at the same time independent of that, without that factor, we continue to do well competitively and have a pretty robust pipeline of Windchill deals unrelated to Pro/Interlink.
C. Richard Harrison: Thanks for the participation today, and we feel pretty good, notwithstanding the economy, about where the products and the capacity are right now and the services engagements. And so we’ll look forward to giving you a good report in July. Thanks again.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-01-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Harrison - President and CEO Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and CFO James Heppelman - Executive Vice President and CPO Barry Cohen - Executive Vice President of Strategic Services and Partners Meredith Mendola – Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Contact
Analysts:  Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank
Ross MacMillan - Jeffries & Co.: A. Sasa Zorovic – Goldman Sachs Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Andrew Maiorin – Bear Stearns Sterling Auty – J.P. Morgan 
Operator:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to PTC's first quarter fiscal year 2008 results conference call. (Operator instructions). I would now like to introduce Meredith Mendola, PTC's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Meredith Mendola: Thanks Brian. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Participating on the call will be Dick Harrison, our President and CEO, and Neil Moses, our Executive Vice President and CFO. In addition, Jim Heppelman, Executive Vice President and CPO, and Barry Cohen, Executive Vice President of Strategic Services and Partners are here to participate in the Q & A.  I would like to remind everyone that during the course of the conference call we will make projections and other forward looking statements regarding future financial performance, business trends, and other future events. We caution you that such statements are only predictions and that actual results might differ materially from the results projected in these statements. We refer you to the risk details in the company's 2007 annual report and Form 10-K, and in the companies other reports filed with the SEC filings. A replay will be available until 5:00pm Eastern, Monday, January 28th, at 402-220-9786. Additionally, this call is being web cast and a replay will be available through our website at www.ptc.com until Monday, January 28th at 5:00PM. Also on our website you will find a document with Q1 2008 financial and operating metrics which we will discuss on this call. After our prepared remarks, we'll hold a Q & A session. In order to keep this moving, please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. If you have an additional question you'll need to get back in the queue. I will now turn the call over to Dick.
Richard Harrison: Okay Meredith, thank you, good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on our first quarter 2008 earnings call. We were off to a good start in 2008 and are on track to deliver our full year revenue and operating margin targets. Revenue from large deals and the channel grew significantly year over year. We delivered another record maintenance revenue quarter and made great progress toward our profitability targets, with non-GAAP operating income growth of 34% year over year.  We are aware of investor concern about the economy. We are reading the same headlines you are. However we also have the benefit of speaking with hundreds of customers and channel partners on a regular basis. Our customer base has never been more secure, and we have never had a better, more complete or more relevant solution to sell them. I will share with you the prospective we gain from working with our customers, and we'll highlight the factors that give us confidence in our competitive differentiation and our outlook. Let me start my saying that our offerings provide many benefits for customers, including improving innovation, reducing time to market, and increasing quality. However, there are two major reasons why customers have been buying our software during the past couple of years.  First, our software provides infrastructure for the globalization of product development. This trend started in manufacturing production a long time ago, but only started becoming prevalent in engineering within the last few years. I am sure you appreciate the well established historical trend here.  Every time there has been a major globalization trend over the past 30 years, company investment and supporting infrastructure lasted at least 10 years. We are not only confident that our customers will continue this trend, but we believe that globalization will only accelerate in a more difficult economic environment. PTC has the industry's best and most complete solution to address globalization.  A second major driver for customer investment has been IT consolidation. This trend also has a well established historical precedent in other markets like ERP. The technologies that support product development within the manufacturing companies today are highly fragmented and disjointed. Therefore, they are costly to maintain and cause process issues, particularly in a global or distributed execution environment. Our largest customers have realized that by investing in the PTC product development system, they can replace dozens, and sometimes hundreds of disparate applications and eliminate the cost of maintaining them. This is not a trivial task, but more and more customers are choosing PTC's single architecture to consolidate legacy applications and automate manual processes.  Like globalization, we believe the IT consolidation trend will continue for years to come, and could accelerate in a restrictive spending environment.  Next, I'd like to highlight internal factors that should drive our business this year. We are at the beginning of the product cycles for our two most significant products, Windchill 9.0 and ProE/Wildfire 4.0. Each of these releases focused on quality, ease of use, and new customer driven capabilities. Each has new chargeable modules that should provide us with additional growth as customers upgrade to the new releases over the coming year or two. we also continue to migrate our Pro/INTRALINK customers to Windchill. We've seen a pickup in both migrations and scheduling of migrations since the launch of Windchill 9.0. We have migrated 25 to 30% of our INTRALINK base to date, and we expect to continue these migrations throughout the year. This drives services revenue and more importantly, drives future license and maintenance revenue as it opens up the Windchill and and Arbortext opportunity within the existing installed dates.  next, our acquisition strategy has helped us deliver a very broad offering to customers, with cross selling opportunities for us no matter where customers are in their investment cycle. when a Pro/ENGINEER customer is looking for data management and collaboration capabilities, we sell them Windchill. If they need engineering calculations and capabilities we have Mathcad and Pro/TOOLMAKER. when a customer needs technical publications support we have Arbortext solutions.  With our new acquisition of CoCreate, we will execute a similar strategy of surrounding the existing CoCreate explicit modeling tools with a broader product development system.  The acquisitions themselves have given us new revenue streams, but our careful integration strategy has provided us with an offering that makes sense for customers as they consolidate their IT environments. We will continue to execute on the acquisitions we have already completed, and we will also work at others that make sense both strategically and financially. Finally, we continue our efforts to improve our profitability. This is a very important intitiaive for us. we started the year with first quarter non-GAAP operating margins of 18%/ |Through profitability gains and sales of marketing, services, and to our globalization strategy, we expect our profitability to grow throughout the course of the year, and are confident in our ability to achieve at least 22% non-GAAP operating margins for the full fiscal year. All of these trends and initiatives not only support our 2008 plan, but also support our ability to achieve our long term targets of 1.5 billion in revenue, and 25% non-GAAP operating margins bu 2010. Although there is investor concern about the economy, we believe our pipeline supports our ability to achieve our goals for 2008 and beyond. Now I'll turn the call over to Neil, and I look forward to taking your questions in a few minutes. Neil Moses Thanks Dick, and good morning everyone.  Our first quarter 2008 financial results reflects solid execution of our strategy. I'll discuss our results in detail, and then provide our outlook for the second quarter and focus for the year, and then we'll open up the call to questions. First, our high level income statement for the first quarter are as follows. Total GAAP revenue for the quarter was 241.2 million, and non-GAAP revenue, which excludes the deferred maintenance revenue write down associated with the CoCreate acquisition was 242.5 million. Both GAAP and non-GAAP grew 9% from the same period last year.  Non-GAAP operating expenses were 198 million, and our non-GAAP operating income grew 34% year over year, to 44 million, or 18.2% of total revenue. this represents a 330 basis point improvement from the first quarter of 2007.   And, our non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.26, up from $0.23 last year. Our non-GAAP tax rate in the year ago period was about 21%, and in the current quarter it was 32%. If the prior period had been taxed at the 32% tax rate, our year over year earnings growth would have been 35%. Now let's turn to revenue metrics, all of which are based on GAAP total revenue of 241 million. Our total revenue growth of 9% reflects both organic revenue growth, as well as one month of CoCreate revenue.  Revenue by line of business is as follows:  Licensed revenue grew 1% year over year to 67 million in the first quarter. We delivered growth in revenue from new licensed sales across all of our major products, but much of that growth was offset by a decrease in revenue from Pro/ENGINEER upgrades and modules.  We are currently at the end of the Pro/ENGINEER WildFire 3.0 product cycle, and have just launched Pro/ENGINEER WildFire 4.0. The revenue decrease for upgrades and modules is in line with the typical pattern for this stage in the product cycle and we expect to see sales of modules and upgrades grow again in the coming quarters as our customers adopt WildFire 4.0.  Among our other major product families, Arbortext showed the most significant growth year over year and Mathcad continues to deliver solid growth.  Windchill license revenue following our record quarter in Q4 was flat year over year, but for the two quarters combined was up 22%.  Consulting and training services revenue grew 10% year over year to 60 million in the first quarter. This increase was the result of continued growth in traning and IT services, process consulting, and Windchill implementation consulting, partially offset by our continued efforts to use more channel, and specialized partners to provide Mcad consulting services. This initiative has enabled us to significantly improve our consulting utilization and our services net margins, which more than doubled more than year over year and will continue to be a focus in future quarters.  first quarter maintenance revenue grew 13% year over year to 114 million. this growth is the result of a combination of factors including recent license revenue growth, continued improvements in customer satisfaction, favorable currency movements, and the acquisition of CoCreate. By geography, our revenue was as follows: North America revenue declined 2% year over year to 85 million in the first quarter due to a decline in North American services revenue.  Our channel grew an excessive 20% in North America as we continue to evolve our distribution model. Four of our top ten license and service customers were in North America this quarter. First quarter revenue from Europe grew 23% year over year to 102 million, or 10% at constant currency. Europe has been growing significantly for several quarters now, as our larger customers adopt our product develop system and our European channel continues to grow rapidly. Three of our top ten license and service customers were in Europe this quarter. First quarter Asia-Pacific revenue was up 5% year over year to 55 million, or 3% on a constant currency basis. the performance was driven by 7% year over year growth in the Pacific Rim and 3% growth in Japan. In the first quarter, three of our top ten license and service customers were in Asia-Pacific.  Finally, our revenue metrics related to customer size are as follows. Revenue from our reseller channel grew 26% in the first quarter to 60 million. Growth came from all major geographies and was the result of both organic revenue growth and the addition of the CoCreate channel. our reseller channel contrubited 25% of our total revenue in the quarter. this model continues to help us improve our profitability and increase our reach to small and medium businesses around the world, and we expect to continue to see our channel grow faster than the overall business.  we also continue to grow our revenue contribution from our largetr customers. in the first quarter we had 12 license and service revenue transactions over $1 million each, for a total of 32 million, versus 12 large transactions with a total of 28 million in license and service revenue in the first quarter of 2007. this is evidence of continued success in our strategic account program. now, I'll move on to our spending and operating margins. first quarter non-GAAP operating expenses were 198 million. the first quarter expense for stock based compensation was 11 million, and our acquisition related amoritization expense was 6 million. we had a restructuring charge in the quarter of 10 million related to our globalization strategy, which consisted of 3 million of severance payments, and 7 million of facilities restructuring.  on the GAAP basis, total Q1 expenses were 226 million.  Our non-GAAP operating margin improvements were the results of several factor, including sales and services model evolution, globalization, and the immediate accretion provided by our acquisition of Pro/CREATE. As a percentage of revenue, cost of services decreased year over year by more than 170 basis points in the first quarter. this is the result of our efforts to improve services profitability through utilization improvements, revenue mix shift, and partner programs.  Sales and marketing expense, as a percentage of total revenue, decreased by more than 250 basis points year over year. This is the result of the continued evolution of our distribution model and recent globalization initiatives, partially offset by some investment and sales rep capacity.  PTC had 390 quota carrying reps in the first quarter of 2008, versus 380 in the first quarter of 2007. R & D as a percentage of total revenue was flat yea over year, as we continue to invest in both our core Pro/ENGINEER and Windchill products, as well as our acquired products.  G&A expenses as a percent of total revenue were higher than usual, due to one time expenses associated with a restatement we did in the first quarter. Our non-GAAP operating margins of 18.2% were 330 basis points higher than the year ago period, and would have been 19.5% or a 460 basis point improvement without the one time G&A expenses I described earlier.  This gives us increased confidence in our ability to deliver 500 basis points of operating margin improvement for the full fiscal year, especially since future quarters will include a full quarter of CoCreate revenue and margin.  Total head count was 4,642 at the end of the first quarter, up from 4,049 at the end of the fourth quarter, due to our acquisitions during the quarter, partially offset by head count reductions taken during the quarter.  Moving on to the balance sheet, our cash balance ended at 215 million. That was down from the fourth quarter due to acquisition activity, but higher than expected on strong receivables collection.  Our first quarter operating cash flow was 17 million compared to the use of 16 million in cash for the same period last year. During the quarter, we used approximately 50 million in cash on acquisitions, and also repaid 15 million of our $220 million debt obligation on the CoCreate acquisition.  Accounts receivable decreased 24 million from the fourth quarter due to strong collections, and DSOs were 73 days compared to 80 days in the first quarter of 2007 and 74 days in the fourth quarter of 2007.  Deferred revenue came in at 236 million, up from 206 million in the first quarter of last year as a result of growth in the number of customers on maintenance, the contribution from acquisitions, and the effect of foreign currency. Deferred revenue was up sequentially from 227 million at the end of the fourth quarter, due to the contribution from acquisitions, partially offset by the typical seasonality of maintenance billings.  Now let’s turn to our outlook. As Dick mentioned earlier, we remain confident in our ability to achieve our revenue and operating margin targets for 2008. Additionally, we have changed our assumption for our future GAAP and non-GAAP tax rate to about 37.5%, from 40% previously. This essentially adds about $0.05 of earnings per share to our previous 2008 earnings guidance.  Our outlook for the second quarter, ending March 29, is as follows. We expect GAAP revenue to be between 248 million and 258 million, and GAAP earnings per share to be between $0.10 and $0.14. We expect non-GAAP second quarter revenue to be between 250 and 260 million, and non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $0.24 and $0.28.  The non-GAAP revenue and earnings expectations exclude a deferred revenue maintenance write down of about 2 million, associated with our acquisition of CoCreate, and the following second quarter estimated expenses and their tax effects.  First, approximately 12 million of expense related to stock based compensation. Second, approximately 8 million of acquisition related amortization expense. And then finally, about $3 million of restructuring expenses related to our continued globalization program. We expect our cash balance to be approximately 260 million at the end of the second quarter, and this includes the retirement of approximately $50 million of debt during the quarter. And for the full year, we expect GAAP revenues to be about 1 billion and 55 million, and GAAP earnings per share to be between $0.66 and $0.77.  We expect non-GAAP revenue to be about 1 billion and 60 million, and non-GAAP operating margins to be at least 22%. Non-GAAP earnings per share should be between $1.17 and $1.27 for the fiscal year. That’s up from our previous guidance from $1.12 to $1.22 per share.  The non-GAAP revenue and earnings expectations exclude a deferred revenue maintenance write down of about 5 million, associated with our acquisition of CoCreate, and the following full-year estimated expenses and their tax effects.  First, approximately 45 million of expense related to stock based compensation. Secondly, 32 million of acquisition related amortization expense. Third, about 2 million of in-process research and development expense related to acquisitions we completed in Q1. And then finally, approximated 15 million of restructuring expenses related to the continued globalization program.  Based on current assumptions, we expect our interest expense from the CoCreate acquisition debt to be about 8 million for the full year. And as I mentioned before, we expect that the GAAP and non-GAAP effective income tax rate to be about 37.5% of pretax income. However, we expect our cash tax rate to be about 25% of pretax income for the foreseeable future.  Diluted weighted average shares outstanding should be about 119 million for the second quarter, and about 120 million for the full year. Finally, we expect to repay approximately 120 million of our CoCreate debt in fiscal year 2008, leaving a balance of approximately 100 million at year-end.  Thank you for your time today. We look forward to your questions, and at this point I’ll turn the call back over to Meredith. 
Meredith Mendola: Great, thanks Neil. All right, Brian, I think we’re ready to open up the call for questions. 
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Greg Dunham with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. The first thing I’d like to hit on is the product cycle in the transition of Wildfire. How historically have the transitions been and what are your expectations going forward in this particular case?
James Heppelmann: This is Jim. There is not a huge disruption as we go from one release to another because as you know we sell professional licenses and maintenance. But what you’ll find out is for example if we launch a release, say Wildfire 4, it has new modules in it. Then we take those new modules back to the base. It takes a little bit of time to ramp that off. Then we’ll sell those new modules to the base over a period of time, and then over a longer period of time we’ll begin to saturate the opportunity and those modules will tail off. So it has virtually no impact on the maintenance revenue, other than to bolster it and keep it strong. It has little impact on new license sales other than it makes the product more competitive and it may increase our win rate, but it does cause a sort of bell-curve type distribution of module revenue over time. So I think the point Neil made during the conversation is that our module sales based on Wildfire 3 was slowing down, but now with the launch of Wildfire 4 we’ve got a set of new modules we can take back to the base again. So we expect module sales to climb in the coming quarters.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: That makes sense. And then on the maintenance front, that actually was a lot stronger than I would have expected. Is that due to renewal rates, or pricing, or… Can you talk a little bit about how that performed relative to your expectations?
Neil Moses: The maintenance business has performed extremely strong for really the past 12 to 15 months, Greg. This is Neil. Obviously the initiative of CoCreate helps there as well because almost two thirds of their business is maintenance revenue. Even excluding CoCreate, if you just look at organic constant currency maintenance revenue performance, we were up 7% year over year, which is a great number. 
James Heppelmann: It really just means that customers are using the software, they like it, and they’re deploying it. The service is number two is good for the quarter, which increases the utilization of seats that are out there and bodes well for license revenue in the back part of the year.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Makes sense, I’ll pass it along. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan with Jeffries & Co. Your line is open. Ross MacMillan - Jeffries & Co. Thanks. As we’ve seen the North American business for you guys flow over the last couple of quarters. Can you just talk to that deceleration and maybe be more specific as to where you see it happening most? Is there any way to distinguish between verticals or direct versus channel, or anything you can talk about with regard to North American deceleration. Thanks. 
Richard Harrison: I’ll take a shot at it Ross. The channel for North America grew pretty nicely. I think the maintenance was pretty nice in terms of deployment, the services numbers in North America were down a little bit. Neil Moses Services were down. That is the primary reason why North America was down. Richard Harrison I would just characterize North America as being where we think it is. It’s okay. I think that we’ve described in the past couple of calls the fact that things are a little bit tighter, so that we’re getting a little more scrutiny around the ROI from the – when we’re going through the process of getting deals approved, there is just a little more scrutiny around the return on the investments and so forth and a couple of extra signatures. So I do think that because of the economy things are a little bit slower, but from our standpoint, as we’ve described, companies must globalize. So we’re able to build an ROI with them, and it’s just that it gets a little more scrutiny, and we probably see some deals happen not quite as quickly as we like.  In just about every case, though, if something didn’t quite happen when we wanted it to, it ended up happening subsequently. So I’m not at all panicked about North America. I think it is more difficult but at the same time I think we have a pretty good plan and we’re doing pretty well in North America. Neil Moses Just to add to what Dick said, Ross, this is Neil. You'll hearken back to Q3 when we had a difficult quarter last year. All the deals that were on the table in the last week of Q3 have subsequently closed now. And we had a couple of deals in Q1 that we were trying to get over the goal line, and aren’t going to happen now until Q2, one of which is already closed. So the deals are happening, it’s just the time frame is extended. 
Richard Harrison: Other little anecdotes – for example the corporate business center this week is packed. You can’t even get a room down there. So companies are visiting, and that’s a good sign. People are not slowing down in terms of their search. We did a first quarter, a second quarter forecast rollup for North America, and I think based on the early forecast that North America sales in Q2 are going to be up over Q1. I think it’s tougher out there, but I don’t think it’s dismal.  Ross MacMillan - Jeffries & Co. That's fair, great. Just another for a point of clarity, two things for Neil. The 3.2 million of one-time costs associated with the restatement – should those effectively just completely disappear in Q2? And then the second one for Neil is on the CoCreate, or the debt that you have, you talked about 8 million of interest expense that from that debt this year. I just want to confirm that’s 8 million for the year. And then you said you’re paying it down. So you’re going to pay down 120 or so this year? Are those the right numbers? Thanks. Neil Moses Yes. Those numbers are correct. Everything you just said about our debt related to CoCreate acquisition is accurate. With respect to the 3.2 million that we incurred in Q1 related to the restatement – that will largely go away in Q2 through Q4. We do have some ongoing expenses associated with the litigation that we’re involved with, with the GELC. But that expense will amount to less than $0.5 million a quarter going forward, based on our current estimates.  Ross MacMillan - Jeffries & Co. That’s great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sasa Zorovic with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
A. Sasa Zorovic – Goldman Sachs: Thank you. My first question would be if you could provide us with a growth for the overall company on an organic basis, or equivalently how much really was CoCreate in the quarter. And also, if you could tell us what was the constant currency for the various regions.
Neil Moses: We’re not going to be disclosing going forward, Sasa this is Neil, CoCreate revenue specifically. I can tell you anecdotally that CoCreate exceeded both its revenue and its expense plan, or I should say beat both its revenue and expense plan for the one month we had it in the quarter. I don’t know how significant that information is, because it’s one month worth of data. But we had a good month in CoCreate. And you also asked a question about what our…
A. Sasa Zorovic– Goldman Sachs : How much did the regions grow constant currency basis year over year? 
Neil Moses: I think we gave you that information. Europe grew 10% at constant currency, and I think we said that Asia-Pacific grew 3% at constant currency. Thank you.
A. Sasa Zorovic – Goldman Sachs: My final question is like this. If I’m getting things right, the lower taxes is adding $0.05 to guidance, right?
Neil Moses: For the full year, that's correct.
A. Sasa Zorovic – Goldman Sachs: The prior guidance used to be $1.12 to $1.22 and now it’s $1.17 to $1.27. 
Neil Moses: That’s correct.
A. Sasa Zorovic – Goldman Sachs: So basically the tax explains the difference in the guidance.
Neil Moses: That’s correct also.
A. Sasa Zorovic – Goldman Sachs: Now, you did beat though in the first quarter. So that means that for the remainder of the year then you are taking the EPS guidance down. 
Meredith Mendola: No, we beat because of the tax. The consensus was $0.23 and we came in at $0.26, and the difference was the discrepancy between where the tax rate actually came in and what our guidance implied.  There was also that one-time expense in there so, overall we feel really good about the quarter and feel good about where we are at this point in the year. 
A. Sasa Zorovic – Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Neil Moses : He just thinks that our earnings guidance is conservative is really what he’s saying, he might be right.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch, your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I’d first like to ask about sales and distribution, then a technology question. On the sales side Dick, what’s the expectation for further expanding on the direct side, do you still have the objective of getting to 450 at some point? And on the channel side what are your assumptions or goals for further adding capacity and/or productivity in the channel, each of your competitors, most particularly Solid Works, earlier this week, is communicating pretty strong growth projectives to their channel, both in terms of total growth and capacity expansion and so the question is what your expectations are in that respect as well and then the follow-up for Jim on technology.
James Heppelmann : I thought I was going to get the technology question and Neil was going to get the sales question. I think in the direct side Jay, we said that we added ten reps in the quarter, year over year so we’ve expanded that and we feel pretty good about sort of the, the head count plan in terms of staging it during the course of the year. I think, really our, I don’t think we had an objective ever to get 450 this year, I’d say it’s more in the 420 range, that we said we’re going to go from 380 to 420 adding about 10 reps per quarter, and we’re still on plan to do that. I think that will give us nice excess, that'd be up above 10% so that’s pretty good incremental capacity given that we haven’t added any capacity for the last three years. In addition to that we have improved productivity expectations on an on-going basis from the direct side of the sales force.  In think the channel’s doing really well, we invited the channel for the first time ever to our awards trip, our president’s club down in Mexico, the first week in January and mixed them together with our direct sales force in terms of team building where we’re pretty much complete in terms of territory alignments, the direct sales force now is almost entirely named accounts and any account that isn’t named is a channel account.  I think our channel, and you can check with them, and I’m sure you do, feels pretty good about the program. One of the reasons I was really interested in the CoCreate acquisition was that it brought us additional channel capacity, most of their revenue is channel related and so if you add the CoCreate channel to the PTC channel, we’ll probably have in the range of 400 or so channel partners and we have an on-going program out there with them in terms of cross-selling products at the right time and so forth and good expectations for channel growth. We said that the channel has a percent of revenue increased year over year from 21% of revenue to 25 or 26% this quarter and as you know in the past we’ve said that in 2010, we want the channel revenue to account for 30% of our total revenue. So we’re well on our way towards that goal. It’s an important part of our strategy and really gets as much attention today as our direct business.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch: A clarification first on what you just said before I ask about the technology. How much of the absolute and proportionate growth in the channel business was a result of your having reassigned the channel not that long ago, I think it was a couple of thousand extra accounts to give to them that you took away from Direct, then on the product side for Jim. First, what do you think are the most leveragible core technologies that CoCreate has that you can propagate through distribution or integrate with the rest of the product line, you know, what for instance did you communicate with last week to the industry analysts in that respect. And then competitively on the technology side, you always have said for years that architecture matters and you talk about the single development system and so forth, with Dassault shortly going to announce their new PDM architecture based around matrix super-ceding some of the issues they’ve had in their architecture, first, have you heard anything about that and secondly, if they in fact do move to a more unified architecture, does that change the competitive situation at all?
Meredith Mendola : That was ten questions right there
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merril Lynch: That’s your going away present Meredith.
Richard Harrison : We don’t have a number that we know of Jay, that we track, that would say what those accounts necessarily were doing. We probably did know what they did in the preceding eight quarters, we can go find that out but I haven’t tracked that. It certainly added to the channel in some respect, it did add some incremental capacity in terms of revenue to that channel but it also took down services capacity and revenue for us on an equal basis if not more so, so it’s sort of I’d call it a wash.  Jim will probably do the technical stuff here better than I, but I will tell you it’s a far stretch to call Dassault’s new strategy around PDM, you know that’s built on a product matrix that was released in 1990, but I’ll hear Jim’s comments on it.
James Heppelmann : Okay. So first on the CoCreate question, you know, I’d probably focus on two pieces of technology that are most interesting. First of all the core modeling, maybe three pieces, the core modeling tool for explicit modeling, we talked about that a lot this past week at our press and analyst meeting, we do believe that there’s a viable market segment for explicit modeling, and there’s a number of other competing companies who have explicit modelists. We happen to have the CoCreate 80% market share in explicit modeling so we think that that’s an interesting market to grow a little bit and it’s also a nice complement to Pro-E, you know when a company’s looking for the most powerful modeler, they’re going to go in the direction of Parametric modeling and they’re going to end up at Pro Engineer, if they really want the most powerful approach. On the other hand, if they want the simplest possible approach, they should skip all parametric modelers and start talking about explicit modeling because it’s fundamentally simpler and then we’re going to have CoCreate in 80% market share. So we think that’s pretty interesting. A second thing is a stand-alone 2-D tool, you know, I don’t want to overplay that but there’s an opportunity to sell some of that in our base because, Pro-E helps you create 2-D drawings of 3-D models but sometimes people just want a few seats to stand-alone 2-D drawings, historically we haven’t had a solution so they went out and bought a few seats of Auto-CAD but now we do. And then a third thing which is sort of interesting, is some of their collaboration tools, especially the one-space live product which is application session-sharing technology for graphic intensive applications works pretty well so that might find it’s way in to Windchill.  You know one comment I did want to say though, is that part of the analysis we did in the last quarter, is we noticed that CoCreate has three hundred customers with twenty five or more modeling seats and so those all sound like pretty good Windchill prospects because of this 10 to 1 ratio, so you could say that there’s three hundred new install based customers that are at least two hundred and fifty seat Windchill opportunities.  And if you do some quick back of the napkin calculations, you know, that’s a couple hundred million dollars of Windchill revenue out there, in the install base for us to go get and I think it’ll take time for us to do that but that’s a big up-side as well, to the CoCreate acquisition.  On the architecture subject, I do believe architecture matters, and quite frankly I’m flattered at what Dassault is trying to do, which is pick one architecture so they can better compete with us, and UGS/Siemens is trying to do the same thing, finally pick one, so each of them have an effort to pick one of the myriad architectures they have and try to concentrate their efforts on that. As Dick said, neither of these products are new, Windchill’s newer, more comprehensive solution than the MatrixOne product, you know, we’ve been doing battle with MatrixOne for years, we kind of won that battle once already so we’re happy to go at it again with an even bigger lead.  And the same thing with the iMan product, you know, which his the basis for the team center unified, but what’s more interesting is by consolidating on a single architecture, in both cases, they’re going back to a large base of customers and saying “you have to switch architectures to move onto the one”, so if you happen to use MatrixOne, you’re pretty pleased with Dassault’s new strategy along an old architecture but if you use the Enovia LCA product or the SmarTeam product or the Innovia VPM product, you’re pretty disappointed, and pretty frustrated now that this is the latest pretty girl in the Dassault line up, you know, the latest new architecture.  This is the fourth time they’ve played this game in the last four years.
Richard Harrison: What’s it going to be next year? 
James Heppelman: I know, it depends on who they acquire. I’m just saying, customers are frustrated and for us that’s a great opportunity, we tell them, “listen, one safe choice in the market, one architecture, is going to be here in 5, 10, 20, 25 years, it’s called Windchill, everything else is up for grabs”.
Richard Harrison : And we don’t know, I can’t tell you what the Windchill product revenue’s going to be, the enterprise revenue this year but it’s going to be between, what, 425 and 450 million for the year, the Windchill numbers, you know, that’s significantly larger than Matrix, is like $100 million business.
James Heppelmann : The Windchill revenue from PTC is larger than the sum of the Matrix revenue, the LCA revenue, the VPM revenue and the SmarTeam revenue from Dassault. There’s a significant difference between our one product in the sum of their four, so we’re in pretty good shape there. 
Meredith Mendola : Okay. It’s okay that you asked ten questions because we answered twelve. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch: Thanks Meredith
Operator: Okay our next question comes from Andrew Maiorin – Bear Stearns, your line is open
Andrew Maiorin – Bear Stearns: Thank you. If you could talk a little bit more about the sales cycle, I think Dick you had suggested that some of these closed or some of these flip deals from 3Q 07 had all closed and maybe there was one that flipped from 1Q that was closed in 2Q, if you could talk a little bit about, has the sales cycle lengthened measurably more recently than say three months ago, six months ago and what are your customers talking about with respect to kind of, their appetite?
James Heppelmann : I would say in the US, the sales probably has gotten a little bit less predictable and that’s sort of a proxy for a little bit longer. I don’t really think we’ve seen any change in Europe where we’re really executing well, incidentally we’re executing in Europe at a really good rate, and Siemens, Dassault and SAP are all headquartered in Europe and we’re outperforming them in their backyard, that’s actually pretty interesting for us there in terms of the strength of the product and the sales execution.  The US and Asia, I think is sort of, I haven’t seen any difference in the sales cycles as well. The US though is a little more difficult, it’s sort of hard to quantify, did the sales cycle go from twelve months to fifteen months, that’s hard to say. We did have a deal that we thought we could get for example in December and it came in the first week in January, just didn’t quite, it was over $1 million, just didn’t quite cross the line and we had, as I said, pretty good visibility in the US, and the Q2 first past forecast for the US is solid, so for the March quarter, you know, we got the guys together and went to it and it’s pretty solid but at the same time, those deals over $1 million, I would say are a little bit more difficult to forecast today than they were six or nine months ago.
Andrew Maiorin – Bear Stearns: And this is a follow-up to that, I mean, you know, obviously there’s concern, the concern about the economy, started in the US, but seems to be spreading globally at this point, so have you re-examined your expectations then with Europe and even Asia pack as far as…
James Heppelmann : We haven’t seen that and our forecast, for again it's Q2 first past forecast. It's still early in the quarter, for Asia was up and for Europe, you know, they basically had a strong forecast as well. So we’re not seeing that right now, and I wouldn’t underestimate the points we make in a way, the companies that are facing a more restrictive environment, might spend on our infrastructure in order to move capacity offshore, so if they’re going to go take things offshore to India and China, they’re going to need our infrastructure in order to realize the savings from deploying in lower-cost countries. In some ways, it’s going to help us.
Andrew Maiorin – Bear Stearns: Okay. Thanks
Meredith Mendola : Thanks Andrew.
Operator: The next question comes from Sterling Auty of J.P. Morgan, your line is open
Sterling Auty – J.P. Morgan: Yes thanks. Hi guys. Just want to understand a little bit better, I think you made mention in your preparatory remarks that the Windchill license revenue was flat but if I look at the metrics page, I think the seat count, the new seat sales were up by about 20%. Just remind or help me understand, to connect those two dots.
Neil Moses:  Yes Sterling that’s a good question, it's Neil, that’s absolutely right, seat count was up pretty considerably and what’s going on is that we had more sales of seats out into the enterprise as opposed to the engineering department this past quarter. In the ASP on those seats, those are quote/unquote light seats as opposed to heavy seats, so the ASP on those seats is lower leading to the flattish license revenue. But actually, longer term, that’s a really good sign because you know, obviously our strategy is to extend from the engineering department out into the enterprise with respect to Windchill licenses.
Richard Harrison : Just to elaborate on that point, you remember I said there’s ten, typically ten Windchill seats for one (inaudible) seat, well, you know, some of those ten would be heavy seats and then some of them would be light seats but the fact that we’re moving these light seats, mean that this is being deployed as an enterprise solution not, simply an engineering solution
James Heppelmann : We had some, you know, really interesting wins that I don’t think that we have permission to talk about during the quarter, but you know, I can sort of tell you that in Europe we had some major wins. There was one customer, a big customer, that was using Dassault product, it was a joint venture between two companies, in sort of the telephony business and they were using Dassault products on one side and On the other side, he did a benchmark and for the joint venture they have chose pro Windchill for the company. There was major industrial, lets call it – its an automotive-like company, a $100 billion company, where we replaced about 125 seats of [Katia] in the area, and it was predicated on a bigger Windchill replacement, that we have been winning during the last two years in this company, so we had some really interesting wins, competitive wins replacements in the marketplace, which again are a testimony to the strength of our Windchill, enterprise products. It becomes a really big business for us, and its growing at a fast rate, and we are winning technically in the marketplace.
Sterling Auty – J.P. Morgan: What’s the differential on as, between the two, and then my follow-up question is actually, when you look at the source of the budget that’s used to buy your software, can you kind of, characterize that as coming out of IT budgets? Is it coming out of operating budgets of segments? Just kind of talk to us about where the customers are sourcing the payment?
Neil Moses:  What was the first part of that question again? 
Sterling Auty – J.P. Morgan:
 : The difference in ASP between a heavy and a light state of WindChill?
Neil Moses:  It's about a 2:1 ratio, and then in terms of the source, it really differs, you know if customers are buying heavy engineering, heavy WindChill. It probably would be more likely to come out of the engineering department if they are buying light (inaudible) WindChill. It might be more likely to come out of the IT budget or an operations budget. But, also the other thing is that there is an opportunity for customers to capitalize these purchases, and you know I think that that’s another kind of potential, if you will, good news situation, in that, if there is going to be constraints in spending, we think its going to hit Apex first and CapEx second, if at all. And so, we do see customers looking, you know definitely a lot of questions about hey, you know, we want to make sure that we can kind of capitalize this purchase, type of thing. 
Sterling Auty – J.P. Morgan: Okay great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Yun Kim from Pacific Growth Equities. Your line is open.
Yun Kim - Pacific Growth Equities : Neil, I apologize if you already explained it. Just wondering if you addressed the hard and expected GNA expense for the quarter and whether there were some (inaudible) or not?
Neil Moses: Yeah, we did talk about it. I am happy to mention it again. We had a $3.2 million one time charge in Q1, associated with the GELC/Toshiba issue and subsequent restatement of our financials, and that charge came through on Q1. So we don't expect that to be recurring. I also mentioned a little bit earlier on, that there will be ongoing expenses, associated with the litigation, but there will be a few $100,000 a quarter, rather than, you know, a few million dollars a quarter.
Yun Kim - Pacific Growth Equities: Thanks. Barry, I am consulting revenue accelerated in the quarter, you mentioned that picked up in the intralink option at the end of the quarter, you mentioned, is helping that business. You expect your consulting business to grow at least in the high single digit growth rate for the year and would that require you to accelerate your hiring plans or can you just simply accommodate that growth with improving utilization rate?
Barry Cohen: That’s a good question and I think it is what, we expect to see that as Neil explained in the WindChill enterprise and the process and education, that’s to offset a little bit by our continual plan to go to partners with our Emcad consulting services, so you know, blended that will give us may be a 6 or 7% or 6 – 8% possible service gross.  As part of our service business, we are deep into this globalization process, so a lot of it will require some additional capacity. A lot of that capacity is coming from our offshore solution centers, where we have a dual plan. One plan is to increase our capacity for more efficiency based on those, what we call off shore solution centers. Also, as we developed, what we call a realized value platform, we are able to break our work packages in such a way, that we can take some of the work that was traditionally done at a customer site offshore, help increase our profitability. 
Neil Moses: And, you know, that the net result of all that was our services net margins were 11% out of the gate in Q1 and that number compares to 5% in the year ago period, so that we really off to a good start there. 
Yun Kim - Pacific Growth Equities: And lastly, Dick, can you talk about what are some of your thinking regarding these direct sales, headcount growth and sales productivity going forward, basically with a channel contribution growing at a faster rate, than the overall license revenue growth, and basically the sales headcount growing only modestly? The productivity of your direct sales force is declining. Do you plan to address, do you expect this trend to be temporary? Are some of your new highest ramp up? Thanks. 
Richard Harrison:   Yeah, I think if you look at the last few years, sales productivity increased pretty dramatically, and I don't really see any reason why that won’t increase. We have a plan to add roughly ten reps per quarter this year. We’re on track. I said after the first quarter we have added the ten, but they not going to contribute with the sales cycles that we’re describing. Those ten reps really aren’t going to contribute until well into the back half of the year and into 2009. So, I think we’re pretty happy with the plan. We have to add to capacity, both on the channel, as well as the direct side, and I think we will get some good productivity out of those additions in the back half of the year, and really more into 2009. 
Neil Moses:  Just to echo what Dick said. What’s really happening. Remember, we have a three tier distribution model now, right. So we have these strategic accounts where the growth has been very, very good, you know upwards to 20%, at the high end, and than we have our channel business at the low end, which grew 26% in the most recent quarter. So the part of our business that is more challenged is the mid-market, which used to be kind of this geographic direct territory rep account based program, and that’s where we can get to [cede] more accounts to the channel, and continue to take those reps and move them up the food chain, to focus on these larger, more strategic accounts. So where we adding the rep capacity, is in the area of our distribution channel, where we are most productive, which is our large account program.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Richard Davis, Needham. Your line is open.
Richard Davis, Needham & Co. :  With regards to your relationship with IBM, that you were trying to build out in China. Would you describe that as better than equal to or less than expectation, say, versus a year ago, in other words, kind of how that relationship’s going, in as much as they are in at least some markets, kind going of their separate ways?
Neil Moses:  Yes, I think that Richard, I would say its probably neutral, the IBM has different sort of strengths and weaknesses in different geographies, and I would say that in China, you know their relationship with the [So] collapse obviously, and ours is pretty good there, but at the same time, I wouldn’t say that the IBM sales force has that strong application, sort of way of selling in that market place. They are still selling a lot of hardware, middleware and things like that. I don't think they are as sophisticated with respect to go to market around partners and applications in China, as they are in other places. We have had some good wins with them, and there are some people in the sales force that understand the benefit of selling applications, but I wouldn’t say it is mature as we would like it to be. I think it will improve in the next couple of years.
Richard Davis, Needham & Co. : Okay thanks very much.
Neil Moses: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Olson, Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Mike Olson, Piper Jaffray:  Hey everybody, just a question on the interlink three upgrade. I think you originally talked about a June '08 cut-off date for that. Can you talk about the extension that you giving customers. Is that for all interlink three customers (inaudible).
Unidentified Company Representative:  Mike, sorry the second question that you asked completely broke up. We heard the first one about the extended support. 
Mike Olson, Piper Jaffray:  You mentioned that (inaudible)
Unidentified Company Representative:  The first question was just a technical question on the maintenance field. So we offered, let's call it a rider on the maintenance contract. If you paid this rider plus the maintenance contract, then you can buy another year’s worth of support. You know, at the end of the day, we are moving a massive number of customers, you know onto a different platform, and while we want to push them along, there is a balance here, you don't want to push too hard either. So giving customers an extra year, I think that’s good, because a lot of them probably would like to move to the 9-0 platform, which we have enhanced dramatically in this area, and getting really good feedback, so this extra time will allow some of them to go to the 9-0 platform. You know, I think by the end of fiscal 2008, I don't know, I am not sure we have a preset answer, but I think there is going to be a lot of activity in fiscal 2008, and I think some of it will dribble into fiscal 2009 as well. So, you know, I would probably say 50%-60%, we kind of looking at each other here. There is a lot scheduled. There is a lot that has become scheduled. 9-0 has some really advantages in terms of performance and ease of use. And each release has gotten significantly better from 6 to7 to 8 to 9. So, 9-0 shift in September, there is – not only is it winning conversions, but we are winning new benchmarks. 
Mike Olson, Piper Jaffray:  “(inaudible)” for the year, 57.5% for each of the remaining three-quarters?
Neil Moses:  For the full year. 
Mike Olson, Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thanks Ill turn it over.  
Operator:  Our last question comes from Steve Koenig, KeyBanc. Your line is open.  
Steve Koenig, KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Thanks for squeezing us in. One question, on guidance here, I believe that at the end of October, you know your qualitative comments around guidance included license growth on the order of 10% organic and kind of flat services growth. I am wondering if that is still kind of your expectation for how guidance is going to be going forward. It seems like we hearing that now services should be a little bit higher. Does that mean effectively, license growth may not get to that 10% organic level? How would you characterize your growth, composition of revenue growth on forward here?
Neil Moses: Steve, that’s a really good question. Its Neil. So the first thing I want to say is that, you know, that we are pleased to kind of be able to reaffirm our guidance, and actually increase it based on the lower tax rate in the face of, you know, somewhat difficult economic environment. With respect to license versus service, I think it's really pretty mature. I think that’s a good question, but Q1 is one data point and typically, we are going to look for at least a couple of data points, in terms of how our business is progressing before we decide whether or not we think there is a [make shift] here, so we going to give it to the second quarter and see how our licenses and services business perform. Then we will probably have more to say about that.
Steve Koenig, KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay thanks a lot
Neil Moses: I think that’s it. Thank you very much for the time today. From our standpoint, we’re done executing against our plan with our customers. We’re keeping an eye on the economy and I think in the US, there are some issues, but those issues actually represent some opportunities for us, and that’s what we talking with our customers about. We have got a big football game coming up here. Go to England. I know that most of the countries rooting against us, but I think we going to win that, and that will give us our second championship this year, after the Red Sox victory. So I look forward to talking to everybody in April, and especially my friends from New York. Take care.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-11-01 14:00:00) =====
Executives:  Meredith Mendola - VP of Corporate Communications C. Richard Harrison - President and CEO Neil Moses - EVP and CFO James E. Heppelmann - EVP, Software Products and Chief Product Officer 
Analysts:  Richard Davis - Needham & Co. Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Co. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs Philip Alling - Bear Stearns Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Yum Kim - Pacific Growth Equities Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets   
Operator:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the PTC's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2007 results conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is been recorded.  I would now like to introduce Meredith Mendola, PTC's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please begin. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Thank you. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Participating on the call will be Dick Harrison, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Neil Moses, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Heppelmann, our Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer. In addition, Barry Cohen, Executive Vice President of Strategic Services and Partners is here to participate in the Q&A.  Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of the conference call we will make projections and other forward-looking statements regarding future financial performance, business trends and other future events. We caution you that such statements are only predictions and that actual result may differ materially from the results projected in these statements. We refer you to risks detailed in the company's 2006 annual report on Form 10-K, the company 10-Q from the third quarter and in the company's other reports filed with the SEC from time to time.  A replay will be available until 5 PM Eastern Monday, November 5th at 203-369-3752. Additionally, this conference call is being webcast and a replay will be available through our website at ptc.com until the same date Monday November 5th at 5 PM. Also, on our Investor website you will find a document with Q4 and fiscal 2007 financial and operating metrics, which we will discuss on this call.  After our prepared remarks, we will hold the Q&A session. In order to keep this moving please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. If you have an additional question you will need to get back in the queue.  I will now turn the call over to Dick. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Thanks Meredith. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter and fiscal 2007 earnings call. We have a lot to cover today. So, we are prepared to stand more than an hour on the call if we need to. We will discuss the fourth quarter and year-end results, our planned restatement of fiscal year 2001 through 2006 financial results, our guidance and our intent to acquire CoCreate which we announced this morning.  Before I hand the call over to Neil, I'd like to make some high level comments about 2007 and our outlook for the future. First, we had a great fourth quarter. Both large deals and base business grew year-over-year versus a very difficult comparison in the fourth quarter of 2006. We finished the year with Enterprise Solutions revenue in excess of $350 million, maintenance revenue in excess of $400 million, and non-GAAP operating margins of 17% for the full year.  During the year we made very good progress both strategically and operationally. We have just introduced a major Windchill release, Windchill 9.0 and Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire 4.0 is coming out in the quarter. Our customer base is secure and our investments in PTC Solutions are growing because our solutions provide substantial value as customers globalize product development, consolidate IT systems, and run lean processes.  Now I will comment on our outlook. We have introduced guidance for 2008 with $1 billion in revenue and $1.05 to $1.15 in non-GAAP EPS. Our goal in 2008 is to achieve significant operating margins and earnings improvement while continuing to grow revenue. Our revenue plan is driven by 10% license revenue growth. We are planning our training and consulting services business to be flat year-over-year as we limit services revenue growth through further off-shoring and outsourcing of services business. And we believe our maintenance business will grow in line with the overall business. This guidance does not include our planned acquisition of CoCreate.  Our 2008 EPS guidance implies non-GAAP operating margins of at least 21% for 2008. This is an improvement of 4 percentage points compared to 2007. We expect to achieve this growth through continued evolution of our distribution and services models, both of which have been contributing to our operating margin improvements over the past several years. Additionally, last quarter we told you that we plan to be more aggressive in our off-shoring activities in multiple functional organizations. Let me be clear, this strategy is an investment strategy. Our expenses will be roughly the same for 2008 as they were for 2007. But we plan to exit the year with more employees than we have today to help fuel future growth.  Longer term, our financial targets continue to be $1.5 billion in revenue and at least 22% operating margins for 2010. If we execute on our plan for 2008, it is possible that we can achieve 22% operating margins sooner than 2010. Regarding the revenue target of $1.5 billion, we expect to continue to drive growth both organically and through acquisitions. The acquisition we announced today helps us meet our 2010 revenue and margin goals and execute our customer strategy with fairly low risk. We will continue to look for opportunities that will help us strengthen our customer base, our product offerings, our distribution, and our financials.  Now I'll turn the call over to Neil who will describe the accounting restatement, our results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, assumptions behind our 2008 guidance, and the financial rationale for the acquisition of CoCreate. Then Jim will spend a few minutes discussing the strategic value of the CoCreate acquisition. Finally, we'll take some questions. Neil? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Thanks Dick and hello everyone. Before I discuss the results for the quarter, I'd like to provide an update on the Toshiba issue. As we stated in our earnings release this morning, we intend to restate our previously issued financial statements with respect to certain transactions involving Toshiba Corporation of Japan that were recorded during the fiscal periods 2001 to 2006. The aggregate revenue we anticipate restating is approximately $41 million or less than 1% of total PTC revenue during the affected years. We expect to complete the restatement and be in a position to file our annual report on Form 10-K with the SEC by the November 29th 2007 due date.  Our audit committee has conducted an investigation into this issue which we have described to you as it is unfolded. We concluded the following. First, during 2001 to 2006, PTC received orders made by or on behalf of Toshiba that we believed were valid. We delivered the ordered items and we were paid for the orders in question. All of the transactions were in Japan and involved our Japanese subsidiary. Subsequently, the Toshiba employee involved in placing these orders with PTC Japan was arrested along with three other individuals for allegedly perpetuating a complex scheme to defraud various leasing companies. The details of this scheme are still unclear, but there are allegations that the individual secured financing in excess of the purchase amount for the applicable transactions and that funds were misappropriated for these individual's personal benefit.  This scheme went undetected by the companies involved, which include multinational corporations Toshiba and GE. Some of PTC Software that was sold to Toshiba during this period of time has been installed and is in use. We believe we are entitled to retain payment for all items delivered and upon resolution of the various parties' obligations in this matter; we will record revenue or other income at that time. We filed an 8-K this morning that describes the circumstances surrounding these orders in more detail.  No adjustments have been made to the financial statements reported in today's earnings press release to reflect the anticipated restatement. We believe that our operating results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2007 will not be materially impacted by this restatement. We expect a small change in 2007 GAAP net income because the restatement of prior period results will have an impact on the reversal of the valuation allowance that we recorded for 2007. Likewise, the balance sheet for 2007 will change, particularly deferred revenue and equity. We expect any change to 2007 revenue and non-GAAP earnings to be negligible and we don't expect changes to the cash balance for 2007.  The restatement of prior period results will impact some of the revenue comparisons from the fourth quarter and fiscal 2006. So, we will not spend a lot of time on this call discussing our normal detailed revenue trends. As background information, we expect the amount of revenue that we will restate in 2006 to be about $8 million. All the orders were in Japan. So, our North America, Europe, and Pacific Rim revenue will not change in prior periods.  The software orders placed during 2001 to 2006 were primarily, but not exclusively for desktop solutions license... licenses, related training, and maintenance. Much of the revenue we had recognized from these orders in 2006 was for training IP part of our services business.  Okay. Now I will move on to our fourth quarter and fiscal 2007 results. Total revenue for the quarter ended September 30th was $267 million. Our non-GAAP operating expenses for the quarter were $202 million and our non-GAAP operating margin was 24% in the fourth quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $0.38 and the tax rate was 33% due to our geographic mix of net income. At a 40% tax rate, which is the assumption we made when we gave Q4 guidance, non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.34.  And for the full year, we delivered revenue of $942 million, 17% non-GAAP operating margins, and $1.01 in non-GAAP earnings per share. If the full year were taxed at a 40% tax rate, non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.85.  Our revenue results for the fourth quarter and full year may be accessed online in our operating metrics works spreadsheet. Due to the anticipated restatement of prior period results, we will not provide revenue growth rates for 2007. However, we were particularly pleased with our growth in license revenue, in Enterprise Solutions revenue, in maintenance revenue, and in European revenue for the fourth quarter and the full year.  Currency continued to benefit our total revenue and negatively impact our expenses when compared with last year's rates. Overall, the currency impact on EPS in the fourth quarter was negligible, and the EPS impact for the full year was a benefit of about $0.03.  Now, let's move on to our spending. Fourth quarter non-GAAP operating expenses were $202 million and expenses for the full year were $782 million. On a GAAP basis, total fourth quarter expenses were $236 million and fiscal 2007 expenses were $849 million. The GAAP expenses include the following expenses that are excluded from our non-GAAP expenses. First, we recorded a $15 million restructuring charge in the fourth quarter and fiscal year in conjunction with the globalization strategy we announced on the Q3 call. The severance portion of this restructuring charge was $13 million related to the termination of 262 employees during the quarter. The facilities portion of this charge was $2 million.  Second, the fourth quarter expense for stock-based compensation was $14 million. If you recall, in Q3, we reversed the performance based portion of fiscal year 2007 executive stock-based compensation for the first three quarters of 2007 due to an expectation at the time that we would not achieve the targets required to allow performance based shares to vest. The $14 million expense in Q4 reflects our typical quarterly stock-based compensation expense, as well as additional expense associated with adding back some of the accrual we reversed in Q3.  For the whole year, stock-based compensation expense was $36 million, lower than our initial guidance of $40 million. The performance-based portion of executive stock-based compensation did not vest fully because we did not achieve the high end of our revenue and operating margin target range for the year.  And finally, we recorded acquisition-related amortization expense of $4 million for the fourth quarter and $14 million for the year, in line with our guidance.  Okay. Moving onto the balance sheet, our cash balance ended at $263 million, up from $260 million in Q3. During the quarter, we spent $8 million on our authorized stock buyback program and $7 million to fund our UK pension plan, in line with our guidance. Our fiscal year 2007 operating cash flow was $127 million compared to $65 million for the same period last year, which reflects improved operating performance and less extended payment term financing in 2007.  Accounts receivable increased $45 million from the third quarter of 2007. This was the result of an increase in current receivables due to increased fourth quarter revenue, partially offset by strong performance on pass through receivable collections. Our DSOs this quarter were 74 days compared to 69 days in Q3. Currency movements negatively impacted DSO by two days from the third to fourth quarters.  Finally, deferred revenue was $227 million, up from $211 million in the fourth quarter of 2006, primarily due to growth in deferred maintenance revenue. As expected, deferred revenue was down sequentially from $231 million at the end of the third quarter due to typical seasonality of maintenance billings.  All right. Now let's turn to our guidance. Our outlook for the first quarter ending December 29th is as follows. We expect revenue to be between $230 million and $240 million, up between 4% and 8% year-over-year. On a GAAP basis, first quarter total earnings per share are expected to be between $0.08 and $0.13 and we expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be between 20% and 25%. The non-GAAP earnings expectations exclude the following estimated costs and expenses. Approximately $11 million of expense related to stock-based compensation, approximately $4.5 million of acquisition-related amortization expense, and approximately $9 million of restructuring expenses related to our continued globalization program.  We expect our cash balance to be between $250 million and $260 million at the end of the first quarter, which reflects typical seasonality of commission payments and other year-end bonus payments.  For the full year, our guidance is as follows. We expect revenue to be about $1billion. As Dick mentioned earlier, our expectation is that our license revenue will grow 10% in 2008. We plan to keep our consulting and training services revenues flat as we drive significant improvements in services net margins. Finally, we expect maintenance revenue to grow in line with the overall business.  We expect GAAP earnings per share for the full year to be between $0.68 and $0.78, a decrease from 2007 due to the $84 million benefit we received in 2007 as a result of the reversal of the valuation allowance. We expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $1.05 and $1.15 for the full year and both our GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share projections assume a tax rate of 40% on pre-tax income. Therefore, our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance reflect anticipated earnings growth of 24% to 35% for the year if we were taxed at a 40% rate for the full year in 2007.  Our non-GAAP earnings expectations exclude the following estimated items. Approximately $45 million of expense related to stock-based compensation, $18 million of acquisition-related amortization expense, and $12 million of restructuring expenses related to our continued globalization program.  Our full your guidance implies non-GAAP operating margins of at least 21%. I would like to provide some comments about our planned cost structure, which should help you understand how we've planned to achieve this margin growth. We expect to achieve at least 4 percentage points of margin improvement from 2007 to 2008. About 40% of this improvement in operating margins will come from sales and marketing as a percentage of total revenue.  We continue to execute our strategy to evolve our distribution model in order to achieve further increases in sales productivity with growth in revenue contribution from the channel and from large accounts. We've also begun to offshore some back-office sales and marketing activities. And we believe this will help us reinvest in additional quota carrying reps while reducing the overall cost of sales and marketing.  Another 40% of the improvement in operating margin will come from cost of services. We continue to execute on our plan to improve services profitability by improving efficiency and changing the mix of revenue to higher margin sources by training and training IT. We've had success in creating low cost centers for services consulting work and we expect to grow our ability to perform services from these centers in 2008. While we expect this to be a clear contributor to margin improvement, it will also depress services growth in 2008 because we intend to pass some of the savings onto customers in the form of rate reductions.  Additionally, as we grow our revenue contribution from the channel, more services work is being performed by our reseller partners as they increase the number of accounts they manage. This also depresses services revenue, but improves profitability.  The final piece of cost of services that we are improving is our technical support where we currently have about 30% of our resources off-shored or outsourced. We expect to be able to increase this percentage in 2008. The remaining 20% of operating margin improvement will come from G&A and R&D as a percentage of total revenue. In G&A, we are more aggressively outsourcing IT resources and have a plan to offshore more finance resources. In R&D, we are quite advanced in our off-shoring activities and will continue our efforts where it makes sense.  Our globalization efforts are under way and we have begun to execute our strategy of significantly increasing our headcount in China in addition to our already large presence in India. This strategy will help drive growth and profitability.  As I mentioned earlier, in the fourth quarter we terminated 262 employees in conjunction with our globalization initiative. We are continuing to reduce headcount in high cost regions in the first quarter and will continue to do so throughout 2008. This will enable us to add resource capacity in low-cost areas and at the same time reduce overall costs.  We also expect to achieve savings through facilities restructuring associated with this globalization initiative. Overall, we expect the total restructuring charges in 2008 to be about $12 million. This is in addition to the $15 million of restructuring charges we recorded in the fourth quarter of 2007.  In summary, we are excited about our plan for 2008 and we look forward to improving shareholder value throughout the year as we deliver significant operating margin and earnings growth while continuing to grow revenue. Please note that the guidance we have given for the first quarter and fiscal 2008 does not include any potential effect of the CoCreate acquisition announced today. We are very excited about this acquisition for both financial and strategic reasons. I'll talk about the financial reasons and then Jim will spend a few minutes discussing the strategic rationale.  We expect this acquisition to close in the first quarter subject to regulatory approval. While we will not provide detailed guidance until the transaction closes, I'd like to share a few comments with you now. First, CoCreate's annual revenue of approximately $80 million is comprised of about 65% maintenance revenue, 25% license revenue, and 10% services revenue. Second, CoCreate's operating margins are about 40%. So we expect the acquisition will be accretive to non-GAAP operating margins and earnings immediately upon close of the acquisition. Third, due to CoCreate's large maintenance revenue stream, we anticipate a write-down of deferred maintenance revenue in the first year after the close of the acquisition. Therefore on a GAAP basis, we expect the acquisition will be dilutive to earnings per share in 2008, but accretive to GAAP EPS in 2009 and beyond.  We really like this acquisition because it is accretive to our non-GAAP operating margins, it adds to our customer base and future revenue opportunity, and it significantly enhances our channel revenue stream. When combined with our plan for 2008 to drive further revenue and earnings growth organically, we believe we have a very powerful strategy to drive shareholder value in 2008.  Thank you for your time today and at this point, I'll turn the call over to Jim to discuss the CoCreate acquisition further. 
James E. Heppelmann - Executive Vice President, Software Products and Chief Product Officer:  Thanks Neil. As Neil has outlined, this transaction is very interesting based on its financial merits, but I want to show you it's also very interesting from a strategic perspective. First, CoCreate is the leading provider of product development software. Their OneSpace suite of products includes 3D CAD, 2D CAD, CAD data management and collaboration offerings. Of course, all of these categories are very familiar to PTC, which translates in to a relatively low risk acquisition.  CoCreate is a privately held company headquartered in Sindelfingen, Germany, having 280 employees in five countries. CoCreate has more than 5000 active paying maintenance customers who rely on the CoCreate modeling and data management solutions everyday. There is a very large industry presence in the vertical that CoCreate refers to as high-tech electronics and machinery. And there is a very strong geographic presence in Europe and in Japan.  Our diligence shows that these customers have a very high degree of customer satisfaction and a very high degree of loyalty. The primary product that generates the majority of CoCreate's revenue is the 3D CAD offering called OneSpace modeling. This product is complementary to Pro/ENGINEER and then it uses a modeling technique that's referred to as explicit modeling in contrast to the Parametric modeling approach that's invented by PTC and ultimately copied by nearly all of our competitors, including Dassault, UGS, and Autodesk.  Explicit modeling has been generating a lot of buzz in the industry lately with existing vendors like UGS and SolidWorks contemplating adding support for explicit modeling, and then new industry upstarts like SpaceClaim claiming that this approach is the next big thing in 3D CAD. Explicit modeling is a technique that was actually invented by CoCreate in the mid-1990s. Compared to Parametric modeling, this approach is simpler and faster because the user is only interacting with the geometry and not creating or maintaining a recipe of parametric design features that produce that geometry. Because there is significantly less information being put into the design file, it's possible to reach a given design solution much faster. At the same time, reuse of this design or automation of this design is more difficult because critical design-intent information was never captured. So, as a result of this trade-off between a fast design and a richer, more complete design, we believe that the explicit modeling approach is superior for customers who place the premium on design speed rather than on design reuse.  For example, a typical example of a happy CoCreate customer is a company that produces consumer or office electronics. They need to design a cosmetically appealing electronics enclosure, which is essentially the case that surrounds the electronic insides of the machine. This is a design problem more so than an engineering problem. There is great time to market pressure and quite frankly little re-use from year-to-year or product-to-product within the company's suite of products. So explicit modeling works very well in this situation and that's why CoCreate has such a strong position in the high-tech and electronics machinery vertical.  At the same time, the Parametric modeling approach, which captures far more engineering information and design-intent upfront, is a superior approach for highly engineered products or family of parts or families of products or platform strategies where a given generic design is the basis for a whole series of derivative products. So we expect that the parametric approach will remain a preferred approach for the majority of industry verticals going forward.  This acquisition puts PTC in a very unique position and that we will be the only mechanical CAD vendor who can be objective with respect to modeling approach. We can engage the customer in a consultative selling process in which we are offering a full integrated product development system that incorporates the mechanical modeling approach that best fits their needs, whether that's a parametric approach, an explicit approach, a derived approach, or a 2D approach. In any case, we can offer a full solution and will be unique. Every other vendor will be trying to sell on the merits of the one approach that they support.  So obviously there is a very strong cross-sell opportunity here where we believe that we can sell many elements of PTC's broader product development system. For example, Windchill as an enterprise solution, the Arbortext suite for technical publishing, Mathcad as an engineering math tool, ProductView as a visualization and collaboration tool. These components or full solutions can be sold into the 5000 plus active maintenance paying customers that make up the CoCreate customers base.  On the other side, we believe there is an opportunity to incorporate some of the elements of the CoCreate suite into our product development system. For example, CoCreate has a nice product called OneSpace Live! that provides a web-based session sharing capability that fits into a niche for which PTC currently has no offering. I think existing customers will be pleased to know that we plan to support, maintain, enhance and further develop all of the products in the CoCreate suite indefinitely. We plan to offer the CoCreate products in the current configurations or as part of a broader PTC product development system.  So, as we have outlined, this transaction is compelling from a financial perspective, is low risk, and it offers some real strategic value to give PTC a unique position in the industry going forward. With that, I will turn it back to Meredith. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Great. Thanks very much, Jim. Thanks everybody. So now we would like to open the call up to questions.  Question And Answer 
Operator:  Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Richard Davis with Needham & Co. Please ask your question 
Richard Davis - Needham & Co.:  Hi, thanks. With regard to CoCreate at least... and I know you haven't given complete guidance, but notionally should we assume that it will grow at least as fast as kind of the overall PTC Corporation, overall kind of think of it that way because you mentioned the cross-selling opportunities and things like that? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Well, I think it's probably a little bit premature to be real specific. But generally speaking, CoCreate's overall revenue has been relatively flat in the last several years. But we do see a significant PTC cross selling opportunity on top of their revenue. And we are going to provide more guidance in terms of what to expect at least for fiscal '08 as soon as the transaction closes. 
Richard Davis - Needham & Co.:  Got it. And then kind of harking back to the previous acquisition, with regard to Arbortext, how is that performed kind of relative to your expectations and does it make sense or do you anticipate kind of bolstering Arbortext either with technology tuck-ins or either customer footprint? And I was just kind of trying to get an update on that one. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  So. We are really happy, Richard, with Arbortext is doing in the manufacturing space. I think we have described that about half of their business was non-manufacturing when we acquired it. That has declined and the manufacturing side of the business has grown at a faster rate. So overall, the revenue is up and as that non-manufacturing revenue shrinks to a smaller and smaller piece, we think the growth... overall growth rate is going to accelerate. So, lots of big customers have placed orders for pilots. For example, we just had United Technologies in last week; they started pilots in a couple of divisions. Big automotive company in Germany just placed an order this week for an Arbortext big pilot, big Stuttgart-based German company. And overall we're pretty happy with what Arbortext has done and I am very optimistic about where it's going. 
Richard Davis - Needham & Co.:  Got it. 
James E. Heppelmann - Executive Vice President, Software Products and Chief Product Officer:  Richard, it's Jim. On the technology tuck-in front, there are definitely a few opportunities for technology tuck-ins to built that suite out. You might remember, one of the things that attracted us to this world of technical publishing was the degree of fragmentation and point solution. So, we have acquired Arbortext that gave us some critical ingredients. We subsequently acquired the ITEDO company, which gave us a few more ingredients. By the way, that software has done really well here at PTC since the acquisition.  And then there is a couple of more acquisitions and tuck-in that we're working on that could bring new dimensions of capability. We're ultimately headed for this goal where we have a turnkey pre-integrated enterprise level solution for technical publishing and we're not far from that at this point. 
Richard Davis - Needham & Co.:  Got it. That's what I figured. Okay, good. Thank you so much. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Thanks Richard. 
Operator:  Ross MacMillan with Jefferies & Company. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Co.:  Yes, thank you. Congrats on a strong fourth quarter. I wanted to just drill into what's happening in the US or the Americas region for you. Obviously on a year-over-year basis, pretty sharp declines there. Can you just highlight maybe what's going on to explain that kind of dynamic on the revenue number? Thanks. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Yes, Ross, I think overall we are up slightly for North America for the year. We were obviously down later on in the year in the third and fourth quarters. If you look at our performance in 2006, really our strong growth, our 20% year-over-year growth in Q3 of 2006 and our 26% year-over-year growth in Q4 of 2006 were driven principally by exceptionally strong performance in North America. So, I think that fundamentally we had very, very difficult comps to repeat in that particular region in the second half of the year and that's the principal reason for the fact that our performance was down. If your question is really do we see a recession moving in North America and do we anticipate further deterioration in North American revenue, I think our answer to that question would be no. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Co.:  Okay, great, thank you. And then just a follow up, given the nature of CoCreate maintenance stream being 65%, we're going to have pretty large, I guess, write-down on deferred. Any ways for us to think about that today in terms of sizing it? And then also, I know it's early, but how would you help us think about the incremental non-GAAP accretion on that acquisition for fiscal '08 as well? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Well, I think on the operating margins side, you can do the math. We said they are doing about 40 points in operating margin. PTC is going to do, as we said, 21 plus percent in operating margin next year. Our revenue is $1 billion, their revenue on a trailing 12-month basis is about $80 million, and we're going to own them for three quarters. So, you can probably do the math on the operating margin opportunity there. With respect to the deferred revenue write-down, it's really premature to indicate what that is. We will be excluding that from our non-GAAP results when we report next year. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Co.:  Okay. And you are borrowing something against the acquisition. Any sense for sort of what financial interest rate we should use? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  What interest rate associated with the acquisition? 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Co.:  Yes, I don't know if that's preset, if you have already got that established. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  It will probably be in the 7% to 8% range. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Co.:  Okay, great, thanks so much. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Okay. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Thanks Ross. 
Operator:  Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  Thanks. Pro/E question and a CoCreate question. First on Pro/E, your quarterly units appear to have been the highest since the second quarter of fiscal '01 and I am wondering if you could... how you would attribute that to either improvement in sales capacity, direct and indirect, versus the effect that you can see from the new configurations that you introduced back in the spring. If that was on a product packaging side is what impelled the better units. And then I will ask the CoCreate question. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Jay, I think you on the Pro/E side, it's sort of what we have been describing for the last couple of calls is that we are out there really driving this product development system story and customers like it. So, these corporate visits, we have... the corporate visit center is full every week. It's actually exhausting. We have got one visit after another all during the day. And the whole theme is let PTC be the systems integrator. We have a tightly integrated single source of truth around Windchill. We have support for Pro/E, which is really tightened. And Jim described that we will do the same thing with the CoCreate products now. And we support other CAD products as well, we tell the customer. But there is essentially a big advantage in the tight integration between Pro/E and Windchill. So, I think that PDS story is what's really driving it.  We had no incremental sales capacity for two years. We are at 380 sales reps for the last eight quarters or so. The off-shoring that we are doing as part of the new plan is going to enable us to hire 40 more sales reps this year and we have already started. We will hire at least 10 this quarter and probably more. So, I think that the incremental sales reps are going to help us continue to reach out and drive that story, continue to drive that particularly into the largest accounts. And our channel had great performance in the last year. On October 10th we took another 2000 accounts and assigned them to the channel in the US, Europe and Asia.  So, we continue to migrate those medium-sized accounts off to the channel which strengthens the channel performance and continues to get them more and more engaged. And in some ways, to be honest with you, they are better at following up on the Pro/E sales than our own direct sales reps are when they are focused on those largest accounts that are... increasingly those larger deals are legged with Windchill. They will include Pro/E add-ons as part of the whole PDS story, but the theme behind globalization and off-shoring for our customers, the manufacturing customers is sort of led first by the Windchill story. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  Just a quick observation on that comment you just made about the 2000 accounts you are giving now more to the channel, for the CoCreate question, do you think that this will be better for you than what happened years ago when you gave thousands and thousands of accounts to Rand and in effect overburdened the channel and thereafter ended up with underperformance on account coverage? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, I think first of all, one of the things that you are going to see when we get into the CoCreate description and one of the things that we have committed to you in the past is that, A) we wanted to hit $1 billion in '08, we are going to go well above the $1 billion in '08. We said we were going to improve our operating margins to 20%. We are going to do well above the 20%. And we said we are going to try to increase the percentage of revenue from the channel to somewhere between 25% and 30% of overall revenue. And with CoCreate and with the decisions we are making here now, we are going to be well above 25% contribution from the channel to revenue in 2008.  So, those are pretty good things, but I don't think there is any correlation to what we are doing now to what happened with Rand. Rand was a different situation. We didn't have Wildfire at the time, it was a single company. Today we've added a whole bunch of resellers this year. I don't know if... what the exact number is, but the channel has grown significantly in terms of capacity, not just from new resellers that we've brought on, but also from additional feet on the street inside our existing channel partners. So, I am pretty confident that they are going to be able to handle the growth of the accounts that we are giving them and we are going to really work hard to provide a lot of synergy between the CoCreate channel and the PTC channel as well. We are going to... that's going to be a pretty big business in 2008. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  So CoCreate -- 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Jay, we have a much more diversified mix of channel partners today than we had back then and in terms of the revenue stream that they are getting from PTC across a much broader spectrum of products with the acquisitions we made recently. So as Dick said, I don't think there is any comparison between the channel ecosystem we had back then and what we have today. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  Okay. On CoCreate, you correctly pointed out that they've had little growth although the best things they have done in last few years seem have been margin expansion. I guess the question for Jim is over the last few years they've experimented with a variety of product and market strategies to try to induce growth. They did the dot net thing, they had some new modeling and collaboration technologies. Why didn't that lead to better growth for them if the technologies were as appealing as you're now suggesting and why pay three times revenue for a no-growth company, it's a higher P/E to sales than you have and you're showing some growth and you have better margins. 
James E. Heppelmann - Executive Vice President, Software Products and Chief Product Officer:  Yes, I'll let Neil address the second part of that because I think we're going to have a P/E discussion with you as opposed to revenue multiple discussion. But on the first part, CoCreate has tried a couple of different things. They've actually had some seat growth, which is translated to maintenance growth. So, there's been some success with that, but their main problem is scale and particularly distribution scale. They're just too small to compete against the giants in the industry by themselves and I think their solutions now, they don't have an enterprise PLM solution, which is now an obstacle for trying to sell a CAD version. Particularly they're not necessarily selling to just small companies. A lot of their customers are pretty significant, but they don't want standalone CAD anymore. So I think they've been hampered by a narrow footprint solution-wise. Components that are there are very good, but there's just not enough of them and then their distribution channel is small. That said again, our diligence said that those customers, those customers are religious about the value they see in explicit modeling and the quality and capability of CoCreate's products. It was shocking to us. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Yes, just to add to Jim's comment on distribution before we get to evaluation. They have very limited presence in the Pacific Rim today. The 50% of their revenue is from Europe. So, I think that from a distribution standpoint we've got a significant opportunity to leverage PTC's distribution model in terms of supporting their business. On the valuation side, you're right, we paid about three times revenue. That's about average for companies that have north of 20% operating margins and less than 10% year-over-year revenue growth. If you look at from an EBITDA perspective we're paying a little bit over 7 times tailing EBITDA, which is significantly below the average software transaction for companies of the... that are of the ilk of what I just described. So, we feel like their price is pretty attractive and it's really less than a five times maintenance revenue valuation as well, which is also attractive. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  I think there are going to be some synergies as well. We will describe it more when the deal closes, but not just cost synergies, although there will be some of those, but I think some product innovation synergies. They are working on some things that are due out in the next 12 months and we haven't described that Jim is working on some things that are particularly for the channel for our SMB space, some pretty exciting new products. And there is an opportunity for us to combine resources and bring something out that is even more compelling and powerful. It is going to surprise people and create a competitive advantage in the channel. And we are going to be able to do it sooner and with broader functionality with the combination. So, that's something we will probably talk to you more about sort of in the spring. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch:  Okay, thanks Dick. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Thanks Jay. Next question please. 
Operator:  Sasa Zorovic with Goldman Sachs. 
A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs:  First question is kind of continuation of sort of just... this sort of line of question regarding CoCreate. I mean, if you look sort of basically where company of this scale, of course, at 80 million in revenue and 40% operating margin is a very high operating margins, right, but what sort of difficult from that is then getting growth out of that without really negatively impacting those kind of margins might be sort of hard. So how do you... what sort of the... what is your plan there? How to get sort of growth there without really significantly impacting those margins adversely? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Yes, again, we going to save the more explicit guidance for when we close the transaction, hopefully in another month or so. But I think our high level thinking, Sasa, is that we're going to be integrating the acquisition in 2008. We probably do not expect a significant growth in 2008 while that takes place. In 2009 and beyond, again, we think there is significant opportunity for what I would call synergy revenues. In other words, what's our ability to sell PTC products into the Coke [ph] base -- 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Like MathCad and ITEDO. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  And what's our opportunity really to sell our Coke [ph] products in some cases into the PTC customer base. So, I think longer term we think there is a fairly significant opportunity in terms of synergy revenue, but again, I think in the next 12 months during the integration process, we probably would not project that. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes, just would like to elaborate. We've been sharing anecdotally with you over the last few quarters a lot of success stories in the electronics vertical. PTC has been on a role in electronics, Dell and some other stories we've been talking about. And we've had a great time displacing the Agilent solution, including since Oracle acquired it. This gives us about 4000 new electronics accounts and we're going to be a very key tool. And so if we can take our momentum into those 4000 new accounts is a real opportunity there.  It also significantly enhances our overall channel capacity, which has been an issue for us for the last 3 or 4 years, as you know. So, I think that's another significant growth opportunity for us. 
A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. And then my second question here would be regarding Japan. Now you're sort of breaking it out sort of quite cleanly compared to the previous quarters, just kind of giving sequential or year-over-year growth numbers there. Could update us with the situation there, where are we in sort of turning the business around? It's been some what of a disappointment last year; it's been now about over a year that we have new management in place there. Sort of what's the trajectory there, what are we to expect in the business from Japan specifically? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Sure. Well, in the fourth quarter, we had strong performance in Japan and we ended up up for the year, which we are pretty happy with. Admittedly earlier in the year we had more difficulty as we did in 2006. So, I definitely think that our collective feeling on Japan is that the business is improving for PTC there. I think we've also stated that Japan has been slower in terms of adopting the whole globalization mentality as it relates to product development, than have the other regional geographies where we compete. And so our longer term thinking about Japan is that we... it's probably not the same level of growth opportunities that we have in... certainly in the Pacific Rim, but probably not even as significant a growth opportunity as North America or Europe. But we do expect the geography to grow for PTC going forward, probably in the mid single-digit range. 
James E. Heppelmann - Executive Vice President, Software Products and Chief Product Officer:  And again, CoCreate will help there because it's a real strong hope for CoCreate, a lot of great customers, good management team in place and so forth. So, that will be a positive pressure. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  And I think the management changes, Sasa, have actually panned out pretty well for us. Coincidentally the CoCreate leader came from HP as did our, the person, the country manager we put in about a year ago, he can from HP. So, they've been friends for years and I think that will help the integration in Japan. Don't forget that just about every major high-tech company has announced difficult revenue in Japan during the last year or two, and we actually had a pretty good year in Japan. We are going to supplement what we've been doing there, which is largely a direct model and sign up some of the big systems integrator, really slash trading companies. So, there is a lot of interest from the big trading companies in picking up our products and we have a very large installed base of customers that we can't really support well without our 40 direct reps. So, we are not going to invest in any more direct sales people in Japan. We're going to begin to take some of those good-sized accounts and offer them as an enticement to get some of these large trading companies to represent the products. So I think over time actually we have a pretty good plan to improve Japan, but we're not going to see anything big happen overnight. But the fourth quarter was strong and the year was actually pretty good. 
A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs:  Thank you. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Next question please 
Operator:  Philip Alling with Bear Stearns. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns:  Thanks very much. Initially I wanted a clarification on earlier comments you made with respect to CoCreate. Are you... am I interpreting things correctly? Are you planning to post closing the acquisition report a non-GAAP revenue figure that would be adding back the deferred revenue from CoCreate or is that --? 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Yes, we are Philip, you heard that right. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns:  Okay, that's helpful, thanks. Question with respect to... you had reiterated this goal for 2010 of $1.5 billion in revenue, how should we be thinking about the mix between organic growth contributions and acquisition revenue contributions to achieving that goal? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  The mix between... I think we'd say about half and half, half organic, half acquired as we drive towards the $1.5 billion. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  That's right. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  And the point I was trying to make earlier when we made the predictions back in '04 about the $1 billion in '08 and the channel percent revenue and the operating margin is I want to get a little credit for making predictions that are coming true. So we want you to believe that we're focused on this $1.5 billion. We want to be a large independent software company and we are focused on that. And the operating margins are going to expand as well and I think we're going give you some more guidance on the operating margin part; it's an improvement over where we are today. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns:  With respect to the better performance this quarter you had versus prior quarter, has there been any change internally with respect to the organic growth potential that you see at the company? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  I think that... we did a plan for '08. We did a plan for '08 that we described that models licensed revenue increasing by 10%, maintenance growing at about the same rate and services basically flat. We have demand for services that would increase the services business if we wanted to. But again we are off0shoring that and giving some out, outsourcing it to the channel. So we will continue to look at that. There is upside potential, I think, in some of the license area if our channel partners really execute and if the 40 reps that we are going to hire start to make some contributions in the back half, then there might be some upside potential. But I think for today we wanted to give a plan that was... that we thought was realistic in the first month of the fiscal year. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Yes I guess the other thing I'd say Philip is that we view this services situations for '08 as a kind of one-shot course correction here. So longer term we expect to see more significant growth out of our services business. But as we really try to accelerate the margin picture in 2008, we are going to see relatively flat performance. Longer term we would expect our services business probably to grow somewhere in between our maintenance growth rate and our license growth rate. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns:  And just... and the final question from me as far... I'd like a little more color with respect to the very strong performance in Windchill seat sales in the quarter were above our expectations, is there fair gain there or a particularly large deal or how should we be interpreting the outsized performance with respect to Windchill in the quarter? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  We can all add to this a little bit. I think a little bit lost in all those we talked about today is exactly what's happening with Windchill. It had an absolutely explosion in the fourth quarter and it beat... in license and service, it beat Pro/ENGINEER for the first time ever and went way past it. So Windchill, the Windchill PDMLink upgrade continue to move from the... in the installed base from the INTRALINK product. Windchill 9.0, which is the biggest release and most powerful release and the easiest to use in the history of the company, shipped in September. And we are going to win every single technical competitive benchmark out there with Windchill 9.0. There is no competitive product close to it.  So it's really a proxy for what we think is going to happen in the next couple of years, which is Windchill and that whole PDS story is going to drive a whole bunch of decisions in our favor. This is going to drag a lot of the other products along with it. And we saw that in the increase in the seats this quarter.  [Multiple Speakers] for Windchill and the business is strong. 
James E. Heppelmann - Executive Vice President, Software Products and Chief Product Officer:  The other thing we have now demonstrated hopefully is that the Windchill is a great consolidation platform to acquire in a lot of tuck-ins and blended all together in this strong cohesive architecture. And so customers look at the acquisitions we have done, they maybe extrapolate forward from that and they see PTC is going to be first to market with a real enterprise class product development system. They could be my sort of sole-source vendor like SAP is on the ERP side. Customers really like this story because it's not just marketing veneer. Team Center, there is no center in Team Center, we've told you all that. It is a great story until you start installing the CDs and then it is less great. Windchill is a rock-solid solution. It's a great platform to do organic development on. It's a great platform to blend acquisitions in and really go build this true enterprise class product development system. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns:  Oh, Jim and Dick, thanks for the color. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Thanks Philip. Next question please. 
Operator:  Tim Fox with Deutsche Bank. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank:  Thank you, good morning. My first question regarding some of the larger deals that slipped from the third quarter, just wondering if you can comment first on weather those deals did come in. And secondly, around large deals, just wondering what you have implied in your guidance for fiscal '08 around the contribution. It's obviously large deals really picked up over the last year, year and a half as a percentage of the business. I'm just wondering what level of contribution you are expecting from those large deals heading into fiscal '08? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  So the large deals, I think we saw this in Q3 and Q4, there are more of them, which the good thing. They are increasingly Windchill deals, so more and more percentage of Windchill deals which make them a little more difficult to predict, which I think is what you saw in Q3 and Q4. That's not necessarily a bad thing if we have a big pipeline, which we have been building in the last couple of quarters. So the other thing interesting, Tim, that happened this year was that we didn't really have any mega deals. So we had a pretty good year and a good fourth quarter absent any really big deals. In 2006 we had four mega deals, $12 million, two 7s and a 6 that accounted for almost $30 million in revenue.  In this last year, we had two deals over $5 million and they were both under $6 million, they were both in between $5 million and $6 million. So we had a much bigger number of medi [ph] deals, but not mega deals, and I think that actually was a pretty good thing for us in terms of that... the base business. So on the Q3 misses, I think that there were basically four deals that we described, one was in Japan, I met with the President of that division of a very large company myself in September. We have not received that order yet. But he's assured me that we will.  One of the deals was in the US in a pretty big high-tech storage company and we did get that deal in Q4, it came in. There was another deal with an automotive supplier in US that slipped out of Q3; it was about a $2 million to $3 million deal; it did not happen in the fourth quarter, but it happened yesterday. We've got the order yesterday. So it will be in Q1. And the fourth deal got negotiated, it's a high-tech company in the US, it got negotiated pretty well in the fourth quarter and we didn't get it and we think we're going to get it this quarter. So basically we've gotten two of the four deals. I think we'll get the third one this quarter and maybe the fourth one. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank:  Thanks for the color on that front. The second question is around CoCreate and a just follow-on to an early question about the growth there. Obviously it's a smaller scale, smaller distribution channel where there is a lot of opportunity for you to expand that. But just wondering on the follow-on products, what would be the need for, say, a more enterprise Windchill offering given the fact that the explicit modeling, as you pointed out earlier, doesn't have a lot of the reuse and maybe not those same level of data management requirements, what parts of Windchill might you expect to be able to sell into their base? 
James E. Heppelmann - Executive Vice President, Software Products and Chief Product Officer:  Well, let me just say our due diligence actually showed quite a pent-up demand in that customer base for our product that we didn't call it Windchill, but we describe the characteristics of Windchill and we saw a lot of pent-up demands. And in fact that's an area where the CoCreate customer base is not that happy because there has not been an offering, most of them haven't gone somewhere else, but they are scratching their head, try and decide what to do. They want work flow, they want changed management, they want configuration management, they want visualization, all the basic straight up the middle stuff that our PDMLink solution does. Now they probably are also interesting in technical publishing. Where there is electronics, there is software, where there is software, there is tons of documents. So, there will be good Arbortext play there. This is just a good opportunity to take them from a CAD system to a product development system. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank:  Great. How much overlap is there between the 5000 customers? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Not much. Does anybody has a statistics? It's sort of 10%, 20%. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Yes, it's in that range. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank:  Great. Thank you. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Thanks Jim. Next question please. 
Operator:  Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. 
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray:  Thanks. Hey, everybody. Just a follow-up on the channel, we've been accustomed to the channel, revenue growth kind of outpacing the overall company-wide revenue growth. And that wasn't always the case in each quarter this year. When we do our checks with the channel, how should we gauge what we are hearing versus the overall business going forward? I guess in other words, do you think channel revenue and may that... by that it's channel revenue excluding CoCreate, it's going to grow faster than overall company revenue or in line or any changes that you'd seen on that front or any thoughts will be helpful? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Yes, Mike, it's Neil. So, I think our channel revenue grew, but based on the 2006 results, we reported about 14% year-over-year. And our overall revenue grew 10%. So, I think to be fair, we would expect more than 14% growth from the channel going forward, probably in the 15% to 20% range. And that continues to be our expectations and particularly we think the CoCreate transaction will help kind of drive additional growth through PTC's existing channel. 
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray:  Okay. And then as far as Europe, obviously you guys had a big boost in Europe in the September quarter. Any reason to believe PTC's gained share in Europe or what do you attribute that to? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  I would say we are definitely gaining share in Europe. We won some really large competitive deals, some very big Windchill deals throughout all the countries in Europe. And I think we are going to continue to do that. We have a really good technical advantage today. We had it with Windchill 8 and it's doubled with Windchill 9. There is functionality, footprint and ease of use in Windchill 9 that is clear to the customer. So I think we are going to continue to win competitive deals in all the geographies. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  So, Mike, just a little data point for you. Of our top 10 deals from this quarter, 6 of them were in Europe. And we haven't seen that type of performance in a while. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Pretty... has a pretty competitive situation there because UGS is now headquartered in Europe, SAP is in Europe and Dassault in Europe. So, we have that growth and every single deal was contested, again because the competitors were calling high and trying to overturn the decision that the users made. But the good thing for us is we also have relationships up at the top. And they were... basically they endorsed the user decisions that were the result of technical benchmark wins. 
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray:  Okay. That's really helpful. And then just on the INTRALINK to PDMLink upgrade, that's something that we have been keeping a close eye on. The way I have understood in the past is that the INTRALINK customers that are kind of on a forced upgrade can either go to the latest version of INTRALINK or move to PDMLink, which causes a revenue event for you guys. Any idea what percent of people that have to move... move into PDMLink versus the latest version of INTRALINK? 
James E. Heppelmann - Executive Vice President, Software Products and Chief Product Officer:  Yes. So, just to reiterate the fact... side grade to equivalent functionality from which they may subsequently upgrade. That could be a services revenue opportunity or they could do an upgrade that's a license revenue opportunity and the services revenue opportunity right upfront. So, in a caveat, I've given you before, particularly the smaller companies don't need to report to us when they make that upgrade. So, some of this is not necessarily perfectly accurate. But we believe that 20% to 25% of the base has completed their move. We are actually going to offer customers...we have some big customers who are not just moving, but perhaps consolidating. I can think of one European customer who is trying to replace 26 Pro/INTRALINK installations with one Windchill installation. And that's a process that's scheduled to happen in events over time. So, we actually this month offered the customers the opportunity to sort of buy a maintenance rider that we give them a one-year extension on the current Pro/INTRALINK existing systems so that they have a little bit more time to complete that upgrade. But I think it's really a good new story that our Windchill business in pretty strong and there is a heck of a lot of runway in this one particular compelling driver. And it will continue to influence our business and Windchill for sometime to come. 
Unidentified Company Representative:  PDMLink or INTRALINK, which way it's going. 
James E. Heppelmann - Executive Vice President, Software Products and Chief Product Officer:  Oh, yes, one other statistic, which I am supposed point out to you here is which way are they going. So, I think if you take a small customer, they might be doing at side grade. If you take a big customer, the vast majority of the medium and large customers are doing an upgrade to PDMLink. It's rare for us in a major account, even a medium-sized account to do a side grade, but more common practice is in the smallest accounts. 
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray:  Okay. And then just one last really quick one, Neil. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  [indiscernible] 
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray:  What do you expect... Neil, what do you expect non-GAAP tax rate to be in the next few quarters? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  40%. 
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray:  Okay. Thank you. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Thanks Mike. 
Operator: 
Yun Kim with Pacific Growth Equities: 
Yum Kim - Pacific Growth Equities:  Thank you. Real quick, CoCreate is the business primarily doing by channels or do they have any direct sales people? 
James E. Heppelmann - Executive Vice President, Software Products and Chief Product Officer:  It's about half and half, Yum. 
Yum Kim - Pacific Growth Equities:  Okay. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  They characterize it as 55, 45 channel versus direct. I think when we look at their characterization and what accounts they have in the direct mode, I'd say, we think it's more like 75% channel and 25% direct. And that's probably the way it'll wash out when we sort of absorb it in our business. Next question? 
Yum Kim - Pacific Growth Equities:  And then also can you share with us any new initiatives to improve sales execution or at least the consistency of it for a year as we head into the new fiscal year here, especially around larger deals? You guys are obviously expecting a big transition in your consulting organization this year. And obviously their involvement in larger deals and implementation plans could be impacted when you're trying to close large deals. How do you manage the overall sales execution on larger deals, especially in light of the consulting organization going through a major change? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Well, one of the things that we... we use Siebel, we have a very disciplined approach to the large deals where we track them in weekly conference calls and sales people and the service people are involved. And that's primarily what happens, I guess, on these forecast update calls that we do all the time. And I think we're getting better and better at predicting those deals, particularly in our installed base when we have a relationship with the customer. So, we work on broadening... growing the size of the deal, we work on trying to predict in what timely fashion when they're going to happen and I think absent last... the June quarter we've done a pretty good job at that over the last couple of years.  The pipeline continues to grow. I mentioned earlier pretty quickly that in our first half forecast of record in the third week of the first quarter here in October, first pass in the forecast for Q1 is strong. So, we just have to make sure that we get out there and execute and again we are going to generate more pipeline because we are going to add another 40 reps for the first time in 3 years. We are going to increase capacity. When we look at sales productivity it increased to what, 10%, 15 % this year? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  That increased at an average of over 10% to last 3 years. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Right. So, we also continue to drive sales force productivity through account assignments and then continuing to assess did any revenue come out of those medium-sized accounts that we were held by the direct guys in the last eight quarters. If the answer is no, we flip them to the channel. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Okay. I have been told that we've three people who are patiently waiting to ask their questions. So, we are going to move on and I want all three people to be able to ask their questions. And we are going to answer you quickly and then if you need to follow up later, we will follow up. Next question. 
Operator: 
Sterling Auty with JP Morgan: 
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan:  Yes, thanks, Meredith for squeezing us in. Can you talk about in terms of 10% license growth that you see next year, can you talk to us about what you think the split between the enterprise and the desktop, meaning, what is the kind of relative growth rates on the two sides and why? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Sure. Well, I think if you look at the enterprise side, our growth rate on license has been relatively consistent to last 3 years. We have been growing our license revenue on enterprise north of 20%. So, we would expect that trend to continue. On the desktop side, we probably are assuming a growth rate in the mid-single digit range on license and why is that? On the enterprise side, it's what our experience has been. And as I said, it can sometimes be volatile from quarter-to-quarter. But on trailing 12 months basis it's pretty darn unpredictable.  On the desktop side, that's essentially what the market rate of growth is for desktop and I think we have an opportunity to do better than the market rate of growth as we continue to build out our channel, but I think that's a reasonable assumption to use for now. 
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan:  And follow-up question on maintenance, I think you just said would grow at the overall rate of growth of the company, if license is 10% and services is flat it would suggest that maintenance would grow slower than license. Can you described why that would be? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Well, the maintenance business in this past year on an organic constant currency basis grew by 6%, okay? And we don't forecast currency movement in terms of making predictions to you about where our business is going to go. So... and we are also not forecasting inorganic growth as part of next year's plan. So 6% would be a reasonable assumption. You are correct that over time if the license business grows 10% in perpetuity, it's going to drag more maintenance growth along with it. But I think our assumption for next year is pretty reasonable based on what we achieved in '07. 
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan:  Thank you 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Thanks Sterling. Next question please. 
Operator:  Steve Koenig with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Hi Steve. 
Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Hi, thanks a lot. I will make it just one question here. Just getting back to... now that you have had a very good Q4 and it gives you some better perspective on what happened in Q3, at the end of the Q3 you said you suffered perhaps a mid market attention deficit, you had underinvested in sales capacity and you are building that up again clearly. You also said close rates for down in the mid size and large deals, large accounts. Now you have had a very good Q4 and you talked about increasing sales capacity, are you now comfortable with where you are at relative to having made up that Q3 mess or there are more things you will need to do? Re-organizing the sale force, re-focusing on the mid markets, and how do you... and also, how do your close rates in Q4 in the mid market... did they come back to where you wanted them? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  The close rates in Q4 in the mid... in all markets were above where we actually had the forecast. So we had really good execution across the board there. We didn't make any real big changes after Q3. In some ways, we did have one miss in four years. I think there was a little bit of some bad luck in there. I think we mentioned that we didn't have some of those maintenance renewal deals that we could have relied on and we've done a forecast for those that go out about six quarters and there is a good steady stream of those. So, I really sort of take Q3, it was unfortunate, but we're not going to build a whole new strategy around one miss, which really was characterized by four larger deals we did think we're going to get. 
Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Thank you. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Thanks Steve. I think it's one more question, right? 
Operator:  Correct. Your last question comes from Chris Follin with Olio Securities [ph]. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Hi, my questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Okay, thanks Chris. Dick, would you like any parting remarks? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Well, I'd just like to thank everybody for the time today. I want to congratulate ourselves here because of what... because the Boston Red Sox won the World Series and I think the Patriots are going win the Super Ball. That's five world championships for us in the last six years. So we felt pretty good about that top. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  I think I can hear shareholders in New York hanging up. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you again. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications:  Thank you.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-07-26 10:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Meredith Mendola - VP of Corporate Communications   C. Richard Harrison - President and CEO   Neil Moses - EVP and CFO   James Heppelmann - EVP and Chief Product Officer   Barry Cohen - EVP and CFO 
Analysts: Woo Jin Ho - CIBC World Markets   Jonathan Maietta - Needham & Company   Philip Alling - Bear Stearns   Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray   Sterling Auty - JP Morgan   Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank   Ross MacMillan - Jefferies   Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs   Yun Kim - Pacific Growth   Chris Rowen - Soleil Securities   Richard Davis - Needham & Company   Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to PTC's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2007 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to introduce Meredith Mendola, PTC's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: Thank you. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Participating on the call will be Dick Harrison, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Neil Moses, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Jim Heppelmann, our Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer, and Barry Cohen, Executive Vice President of Strategic Services and Partners, are here to participate in the Q&A.  Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that during the course of the conference call, we will make projections and other forward-looking statements regarding future financial performance, business trends, and other future events. We caution you that such statements are only predictions, and that actual results might differ materially from the results projected in these statements. We refer you to the risks detailed in the Company's 2006 Annual Report and Form 10-K, the Company's 10-Q from the second quarter, and in the Company's other reports filed with the SEC from time to time.  A replay will be available until 5:00 PM eastern time Monday, July 30th at 402-344-6812. Additionally this conference call is being webcast, and a replay will be available through our website at ptc.com until Monday, July 30th at 5:00 PM. Also on our Investor website you will find a document with fiscal Q3 2007 financial and operating metrics, which we will discuss on this call.  After our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. In order to keep this moving, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. If you have an additional question, you will need to get back in the queue.  I will now turn the call over to, Dick. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Meredith. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our third quarter 2007 earnings call. There are three items that we will discuss with you today. First, I will discuss the revenue shortfall in the quarter and what caused it, next I will discuss how the results from the third quarter color our view of our near term and longer term outlook and opportunity. I will then turn the call over to, Neil, to provide more detailed Q3 metrics and Q4 guidance.  Let me take a few minutes to discuss our revenue results from the quarter. As you can see from the metrics in the press release our performance was mixed. We performed well in several areas. We delivered record maintenance revenue of $103 million. This is important as it is a strong indicator of the health and loyalty of our large customer base. We also delivered Enterprise Solutions revenue growth of 18%, which is a continuation of our performance over the last few years, and is significantly higher than industry growth rates.  Finally, we delivered significant growth in Europe across all product categories and lines of business. We are disappointed with our performance in other areas. Most of the revenue shortfall was in license revenue. Our Desktop Solutions revenue declined year-over-year, which is counter to our recent trend of strong growth in this line of business.  The performance was spread across Pro/ENGINEER new seats, modules, and upgrades, with the most significant change from recent quarters in upgrade and module sales. By geography the revenue weakness was concentrated in North America and Japan.  In North America, the third quarter results were a disappointment, given our recent performance which has been very strong. In Japan, our performance has been inconsistent due to market issues and execution issues. This quarter, much of Japan's decline was due to the timing of large transactions.  Our license and service revenue from deals over $1 million was about the same as last quarter and the year ago period, however based on our forecast we expected additional large deal activity, as well as a higher percentage of license revenue from these transactions that we actually delivered.  In these large deals we showed good growth in Enterprise Solutions, but much lower Desktop Solutions revenue compared with recent quarters. Several larger transactions that were forecasted to close in the third quarter have slipped, and we believe that we have an opportunity to close some of these transactions in the fourth quarter.  Finally, in the channel accounts, performance was mixed by geography. Overall we should have delivered $2 million additional revenue from the channel. Both the North American and European channel performed well this quarter, but the business in Asia Pacific was weaker than its recent trend.  Now, I will address how our third quarter results color our view about the future. We believe we continue to have a great opportunity ahead of us because manufacturing companies are compelled to invest in solutions that help drive globalization and Lean Product Development programs.  We believe we have the industry's best solutions, and will continue to have significant competitive advantage for the foreseeable future. We also have a large and loyal customer base. All of these things give us confidence that we will continue to grow and drive value for customers and shareholders.  With that said, we believe it is prudent to reduce our revenue expectations for the fourth quarter. Additionally, we have begun to carefully reduce costs in the fourth quarter, in order to help fulfill our commitment to shareholders, to deliver operating margins and earnings growth this year.  Our actions in the fourth quarter will help alleviate earnings and operating margin pressure driven by lower revenue expectations. These actions will also help us insure that we can deliver 20% operating margins in fiscal 2008. Neil, will share more details about our cost reduction program in a few minutes.  Regarding our longer term outlook, we are not changing our 2010 targets at this time. We will assess our fourth quarter and full year fiscal year 2007 performance, before providing fiscal year 2008 guidance, and commenting further on our longer term outlook.  I look forward to taking your questions in a few minutes. Right now I will turn the call over to Neil, for details on the quarter, our guidance and the valuation allowance reversal. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Dick, and good morning, everyone. I am going to spend the bulk of my time on issues from the third quarter that require additional color. Our third quarter expenses and the reversal of our valuation allowance against US deferred tax assets. I will then provide our outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year, and then we will open up the call to questions.  First, our high level income statement results for the third quarter and first nine months are as follows. Total revenue for the quarter ended June 30, 2007, was $225 million, up 4% from the same period last year. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $196 million, and non-GAAP operating margin was 13% in the third quarter.  Our non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.16 which is lower than our original guidance due to the revenue shortfall, as well as the reversal of the valuation allowance. Had we not reversed the valuation allowance this quarter, non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.21.  For the first nine months of fiscal 2007 we delivered 11% revenue growth, 14% non-GAAP operating margins, and $0.63 in non-GAAP earnings per share, or $0.68 in non-GAAP earnings per share had we not reversed the valuation allowance. This compares with $0.62 in non-GAAP earnings per share for the same period last year.  Dick has already discussed the revenue highlights from the third quarter, and our Press Release includes year-over-year growth rates for the third quarter and year-to-date results. Additionally you can access more revenue metrics on our Investor Relations website at PTC.Com.  Therefore, I will bypass my typical commentary on revenue metrics for the quarter and move on to our spending. Third quarter non-GAAP operating expenses were $196 million.  This is significantly lower than our original guidance implied, and was helped by lower sales commissions on lower revenue, as well as a change in fiscal 2007 bonus accruals, due to lower than anticipated Q3 revenue and earnings, and lower forecasted Q4 revenue and earnings. On a GAAP basis, total third quarter expenses were $205 million, and include the following expenses that are excluded from our non-GAAP expenses.  First, the third quarter expense for stock-based compensation was $5 million, which was significantly lower than expected. This reflects a reversal of the performance based portion of fiscal year 2007 executive stock-based compensation, as we currently do not anticipate that we will achieve the targets required to earn this part of our compensation.  Second, we recorded acquisition related amortization expense of $3.5 million, and finally, we recorded a $0.5 million in-process R&D expense, as a result of our acquisition of NC Graphics during the quarter.  Now, I would like to discuss the reversal of the valuation allowance against US deferred tax assets. After reviewing results from the quarter, we concluded that we needed reverse the valuation allowance which was established back in 2002. We came to this conclusion based on our improved financial performance over the past three years, and the likelihood of continued profitability in the US.  The reversal impacts our Income Statement and our Balance Sheet, though it does not impact cash. The impact for third quarter results is as follows -- for the GAAP income statement, we have recorded a non-cash GAAP income tax benefit of $65.5 million in the third quarter.  We have excluded the income tax benefit from our non-GAAP results. Our third quarter non-GAAP operating results reflect an increase in our income statement tax rate, from about 20% to about 40% effective at the beginning of the third quarter. Please note that the year-to-date results reflect the first two quarters taxed at the lower rate, and the third quarter taxed at the higher rate.  We have also recorded an adjustment to the balance sheet in the third quarter as follows. $19 million decrease in goodwill, and a slight change in stockholders equity. We expect a reversal of valuation allowance will impact our future results as follows non-GAAP pre-tax income will be taxed at a full corporate rate of approximately 40% beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2007 and beyond.  For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007, we are required to continue to book a GAAP tax provision comparable to that booked in the first half of fiscal 2007, which is approximately 25% of GAAP pre-tax income. Beginning in fiscal year 2008, our GAAP tax provision will increase to approximately 40% of GAAP pre-tax income. And we will continue to pay cash taxes at a rate of approximately 20% of non-GAAP pre-tax income, as we continue to utilize net operating loss carry-forwards for the foreseeable future.  I know this is a confusing subject. So we have posted a document on our website with information about the valuation allowance reversal that you might find helpful, and I am also happy to take questions on this subject in a few minutes.  Moving on to the balance sheet, our cash balance ended at $260 million, inline with our guidance and up from $238 million in the second quarter. During the quarter we spent $7 million on our acquisition of NC Graphics, and we also acquired a third party's minority interest in a PTC subsidiary for $4 million.  Our year-to-date operating cash flow was $115 million, compared to $53 million for the same period last year. Accounts Receivable decreased $9 million from the second quarter of 2007, primarily from strong collections activity, and we also had a decrease in DSOs this quarter to 69 days compared to 74 days in the second quarter.  And finally deferred revenue was $231 million, flat with deferred revenue from the third quarter of 2006. Now this deferred revenue includes a reduction in deferred services revenue, offset by an increase in deferred maintenance revenue. As expected, deferred revenue was down sequentially from $250 million at the end of the second quarter due to the typical seasonality of maintenance billings.  All right, now let's turn to our guidance. As, Dick mentioned, we are reducing costs in the fourth quarter, in order to deliver on our commitment to operating margin and earnings growth for fiscal 2007, and as part of a longer term strategy to globalize our workforce.  The actions that we have taken are as follows -- first, we have reduced discretionary expenses such as non-revenue generating travel and internal meetings, which we expect to help reduce expenses by about 1 million in the fourth quarter. Second, we have slowed our hiring process considerably, which we expect will save PTC about $2 million in the fourth quarter, and finally, this week, we have reduced headcount by about 200 employees.  We expect to take a restructuring charge in connection with this action of about $10 million in the fourth quarter, and we also have some facilities decisions that have not yet been made that could create an additional amount of restructuring in the fourth quarter or in the first quarter of fiscal 2008.  Now, these additional restructuring activities involve more aggressive offshoring of our workforce, both to reduce operating costs, and to develop a more strategic presence in emerging geographies. This will help us deliver improved operating margins while continuing to grow the business. We will provide more information on this initiative on our fourth quarter call.  Our outlook for the fourth quarter ending September 30 is as follows. We expect revenue to be in the range of $240 million to $250 million, about flat year-over-year. We expect our non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately flat with Q3 expenses and therefore, we expect non-GAAP operating margins will be between 18% and 22%.  On a GAAP basis, fourth quarter total earnings per share are expected to be between $0.15 and $0.20. This GAAP EPS guidance reflects an estimated tax rate of 25% of GAAP pre-tax income. We expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $0.23 and $0.28, and this non-GAAP earnings guidance reflects a full corporate tax rate of 40%.  The non-GAAP operating costs exclude the following estimated costs and expenses, approximately $8.5 million of expense related to stock based compensation, and approximately $3.5 million of acquisition related amortization expense, and then finally, approximately $10 million of restructuring expenses that I mentioned earlier, related to the fourth quarter cost reduction program.  We expect our cash balance to be approximately $250 million at the end of the fourth quarter. During the quarter we expect to make, a cash payment of approximately $7 million to fund one of our pension plans as we wind it down as part of our FY 2008 cost savings program.  We also expect a substantial portion of our $10 million restructuring charge will be paid out in cash in the fourth quarter. These expenditures when combined with seasonal receivables growth and cash tax payments will more than offset the operating income we generated in Q4.  For the full year, our guidance is as follows. We expect revenue to be between $915 million and $925 million, which is about 8% year-over-year growth. We expect full year non-GAAP operating expenses to be about $775 million, and therefore, expect non-GAAP operating margins of about 16%.  From a GAAP EPS perspective for the full year, we expect to be between $1.17 and $1.22, which includes the $65 million tax benefit recorded in the third quarter, as a result of the reversal of the valuation allowance, as well as our other $5.3 million non-recurring tax benefit in the third quarter.  We expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $0.86 and $0.91 for the full year which reflects a full corporate tax rate of 40% on earnings for the third and fourth quarter, but a lower tax rate for the first two quarters of the year.  We had previously expected non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.17 to $1.22, and the new reduced guidance reflects the third quarter earnings shortfall and reduced fourth quarter guidance, as well as the change, or the increase in the tax rate, as a result of the reversal of the valuation allowance for the third and fourth quarters of 2007. The tax change represents a reduction to our previous guidance of approximately $0.14.  The non-GAAP operating costs exclude the following estimated items, approximately $31 million of expense related to stock based compensation, approximately $14 million of acquisition related amortization expense, $0.5 million of in-process R&D expenses, again related to the acquisition of NC Graphics, and the $10 million of restructuring expenses related to the fourth quarter cost reduction program.  Okay, I would like to make some additional comments on our expectations for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2007. First, the expense estimates currently anticipate that we are not going to achieve our full year plan, but that we are going to achieve a minimum target that will enable us to pay employees a portion of their incentive bonuses. For senior management and executives, the incentive program is performance based stock.  The guidance we provided today anticipates that we will not be achieving the targets necessary to allow the incentive based stock to vest. If we were to deliver higher revenue and operating margin than we currently project, actual results for both operating expense and stock based compensation expense, could be higher than currently projected.  Finally, we expect diluted weighted average shares outstanding to be about $118 million for the fourth quarter and for the full year. As Dick mentioned, we plan to comment on our longer term opportunity on our fourth quarter earnings call. We continue to believe that we have significant opportunity ahead of us, that we will continue to grow, and we are committed to delivering significant operating margin and earnings growth in 2008 and beyond.  Thank you very much for your time today, and at this point, I will turn the call back over to, Meredith to start the Q&A session. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: Thanks, Neil. I think we are ready for questions. One question, one follow-up, and then we'll move on to the next person.  Question and Answer 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  The first question is from Woo Jin Ho, CIBC World Markets, your line is open. 
Woo Jin Ho - CIBC World Markets: Thanks. Dick, you have indicated in the prepared remarks that the Pro/E upgrades and the module revenues were significantly below expectations in the quarter this had been a source of incremental Pro/E revenue since last June. Given the results and the outlook do you think that this particular portion of the Pro/E business has run its course? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I am not sure if I understand the question. You mean the growth that we had the last four quarters or six quarters? Are you asking if that it has run its course? 
Woo Jin Ho - CIBC World Markets: No, I am specifically speaking about the Pro/E upgrades and modules business. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer: I actually don't think it has run its course. I think there were just some timing issues on some larger deals that didn't really come in. I mean there is seasonality with respect to contract renewals with our installed base customers, and larger deployments of the product development system itself. So I don't think that it has run its course. 
Woo Jin Ho - CIBC World Markets: Okay. And Neil, it seems that the revenue per employee, the quarterly run rate for revenue per employee has been declining since December of '06. Now, the cost actions being implemented in the fourth quarter, were they planned regardless of the Q3 shortfall, and have you expanded those cost actions as a result of the reduced outlook? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So two questions. First of all, I don't view revenue per employee as a very relevant metric for PTC, because as we globalize our workforce, that metric really becomes a less relevant way to evaluate the Company's performance, so that is the first comment I would have.  Secondly, with respect to the actions that took place in the fourth quarter, we had this globalization initiative ongoing anyway, and we were expecting to take action with respect to that globalization initiative in the fourth quarter. We did accelerate some of the actions that we plan to take in response to what we saw happen in the third quarter, that is true, but generally speaking, we were headed down this path anyway. 
Woo Jin Ho - CIBC World Markets: Thank you. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer: So let me just add a little more color to that. What we have been trying to balance here for the last couple of years is since back in '03, so from '04 onward, we have been trying to reaccelerate the growth in the business which we have done, and also get our operating margins up into the minimum 20% range.  And even above that I think really sort of first class companies have, so we have been sort of in this balance about investing to grow, and at the same time, growing the operating margins. It is a double challenge, so we did about two years ago, Jim Heppelmann's group in R&D basically increased by 15% their capacity, in terms of headcount, and at the same time reduced by 15% their costs, so we had sort of a proxy for doing that in other functions across the Company, and sort of had been building a plan to do that.  We have accelerated the plan and we are going to carry it out now and into next year, so I think there is an opportunity to both continue to grow, and actually not so much disinvest but invest by going offshore, not only in R&D now, but in other functions in the Company. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think maybe just to expand on that one step further if I could, it is not just a cost reduction activity, it is increasing PTC's presence in emerging markets, which are very important to our future growth.  So for example, we are going to expand our presence in China as you would anticipate, where we have significant presence already, and our leading market share position in the industry, and we will probably also expand our presence in our infrastructure in emerging markets, such as India and Eastern Europe as well. 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer: So the good news for us, I think, is that we have done it for the last couple years. We have today offshore, for example, in the R&D, 60% of R&D is offshore, so we know how to go offshore. We have physical locations where we are offshore.  As Neil, implied we are going to expand and increase a big one in China, that will compliment our 700 to 800 people that we have in India today, and we are just going to execute the same kind of tasks that we did in R&D across the other functions of the Company. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: Okay, next question, please? 
Operator: Next question is from Mr. Jon Maietta, Needham & Company. 
Jonathan Maietta - Needham & Company: First question, I had was Dick, you had mentioned in your prepared remarks that the some of the deals that had slipped in Q4, or Q3 you expect to close in Q4. Did any of the deals that slipped get lost to the competitors? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer: No. There were three or four pretty large deals that we actually thought we had. All of them were in the sort of final process of getting signed off, and we just didn't quite get those orders out.  Now sometimes in that process, management can have a question about the total value of the deal, or the investment and so forth, so for example, there is a well-known ringi process in Japan, and one of our deals in Japan was in the ringi process. Upper management had a question about it that delayed it, so we are back answering those questions and rebuilding an ROI, but all of those deals had been past the competitive selection process.  We had won the deals and in most cases they were expansion orders in our installed base, and we just didn't bring them out in time. 
Jonathan Maietta - Needham & Company: Okay, and then Neil, with regard to headcount reductions, is there a preponderance of headcount reductions in G&A, Sales and Marketing, or is it pretty much prorate across-the-board on the OpEx lines? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say you should think of it as relatively prorate. 
Jonathan Maietta - Needham & Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from Mr. Philip Alling, Bear Stearns. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns: Thanks very much. Dick, I was just… wanting you to circle back on a brief comment you made with respect to the 2010 targets. You said not changing those at this point, given the shortfall that you had this quarter, could you comment on the demand environment out there, and are you seeing anything differently, with respect to close rates and initial inquiries from customer prospects, and at this stage of the game, what would give you confidence that you could affirm those longer term goals, given the shortfall you had this quarter? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't really think we saw a lot of demand change in the marketplace, and when we went back and looked at the forecast and talked to the salespeople, we didn't see sort of customer demand changes. We had a really strong quarter in Europe, China and the Asia-Pac region, absent Japan continued to perform pretty well.  I think we just had sort of an execution issue in some of these large deals. We didn't really have in the quarter, and this is just I would call it more timing than anything else. We didn't have a lot of contract renewals that happened to come due in this quarter from one of our large established customers.  Oftentimes when a large customer has a contract that comes due, it is an opportunity to negotiate maintenance and product and services and new acquired software that we had, and you re-bundle a deal in that installed base account. We didn't have any of those contracts that came due in the third quarter, so there was more of a reliance on sort of traditional deals, where you create an ROI around value and the globalization and so forth, so the demand was strong. We just didn't execute on all of those larger transactions. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns: Okay. And then my follow-up question, for Neil, with respect to visibility, given the unexpected shortfall in the quarter, have there been any changes in sort of the methodology and evaluating the pipeline, and maybe you can give us a bit more color, in terms of where the shortfall really surprised you in terms of the quarter, and any changes that you may make going forward to mitigate the likelihood of such shortfalls, at least in terms of your view of the likelihood of hitting those numbers going forward? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. In terms of the pipeline, you can imagine that we are very busy scrubbing the pipeline in the wake of what happened in Q3. We want to be appropriately conservative in Q4, and we want to do the best we can to understand how that pipeline plays out over the next four quarters, so there is no question about that. I think that is kind of a natural reaction to having the shortfall that we experienced in Q3.  In terms of what surprised us in Q3 from a revenue perspective, obviously when you look at the results, the shortfall in the desktop business surprised us particularly in license. We did not expect to see that, and some of these surprises by the way are kind of overlapping surprises, right?  The softness in North America as Dick mentioned earlier surprised us a little bit, and we have been having some difficulty in Japan as you know. I would say that the Japan shortfall was larger than we expected, and was primarily large deal dependent. Dick alluded to that earlier and that surprised us as well, so if we had to point to a couple of areas that were most surprising to us on the downside, those would be them. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns: Thanks much, Neil. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: Next question, please? 
Operator: The next question is from Mr. Mike Olson, Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: Hi, thanks. Do you feel like the expense reduction that you are doing now is going to be enough to help you get to the FY 08 20% operating margin goal, or is there more that is going to need to be done in '08 to get there, and also can you talk about how operating margins could look by quarter throughout the year to get you to the 20%? I would guess it is fairly heavily back-end loaded, but any just thoughts on that would be great. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, Mike, I am not going to, we are not going to comment on what fiscal year '08 will look like at this point in time. We will definitely do that on our fourth quarter call in a couple of months. As far as your first question around whether the current expense reduction is enough, I think what we were trying to communicate is that we have taken some action this week, and we are going to make some other decisions around facilities related to additional offshoring or globalization of our workforce.  That will drive facilities decisions and that will drive additional cost decisions for the Company that will take place in Q4, and perhaps beyond in to FY '08 for sure, so we anticipate, so we don't mean to imply I guess is what I am trying to say, that the cost reduction action that we took really in the past week is expositive of what we are doing here. We are planning to take some additional activity associated with globalization of our workforce over the time period that I mentioned.  I will take the opportunity to say at the same time that maintaining our direct sales capacity and channel capacity at the same time is very important to us, and so we are being very careful that that capacity is motivated, and that we continue to have the kind of low turnover we have had in our sales force that has contributed to our past success. 
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: Okay, and then just one question as far as Asia. What do you think is kind of causing the weakness in the channel in Asia now, and what do you think can be done to remedy that? Thanks. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, the biggest weakness that we saw in the channel in Asia was in Japan. We are going through some fairly significant transformations in our distribution model over there. I think that we will be prepared to comment more on those transformations on our Q4 call.  But I think that is really what caused the weakness in the channel, or in part caused the weakness in our channel business in Japan. Our channel business was also somewhat disappointing in the Pac Rim but not nearly so. And our channel business generally speaking in the Pac Rim has been very, very strong, and so I don't view that as a trend. I view that as an aberration. 
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thanks. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: Next question, please? 
Operator: The next question from Mr. Sterling Auty, JP Morgan. 
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Yes, hi, guys. I am still a little confused when I look at your deals over a million, it seems like you still have pretty good performance in the quarter. I am kind of curious what you thought your performance was like in kind of your average deal size, so the bulk of the volume deals? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, on our deals over a million, a couple of comments. First of all, we had expected large deal activity in excess of 40 million this quarter in-line, in keeping with the guidance that we gave to Wall Street, which would have been up from around 35 million last quarter and last year, so we would have expected $5 million to $8 million of additional large deal activity, which didn't take place so that is the first comment.  Secondly, I think the double whammy there really was that if you look at the license versus service component of the large deal activity, it was much more heavily weighted this quarter towards services revenue than license revenue, and that of course is a lower profitability outcome for the Company. 
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Okay. And then can you discuss what changes may have been already made, in terms of North American sales, to help correct the issue here in North America? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well from a standpoint, first of all just echoing on what Neil said earlier, if anything we need to increase the capacity of our sales organization. I mean the products are strong. The maintenance is at an all-time high. The number of users of our software is at an all-time high. The customer satisfaction is at an all-time high. Many of you went to the User Group meeting down in June.  There is a lot of enthusiasm in our large base, so we are going to, one of the things we haven't been able to do is we have been raising our margins while growing, has been to really sort of invest in capacity both for the channel and the direct sales force, and one of the things I want to do next year is add capacity, because the products are good and the customers are happy, and that's one of the initiatives that we go offshore is going to give us money to invest I think more in sales.  With respect to sort of the North American execution this quarter we will go back and look at what is happening, but I was describing earlier, one of the anomalies in this, we actually executed really well in the large deals vis-à-vis a year ago, and the prior quarter. There were no deals though. Typically, there are four to five deals in there where a customer's contract comes due and they must upgrade. They must renew the contract or they fall off maintenance.  In the third quarter, we had no deals like that, zero. For example, this quarter we had visibility on six deals where customer contracts, large ones come due, and we will reevaluate those and renegotiate them, so in a funny way, the execution wasn't bad. It is just that they were all what I would call value deals versus renewal deals, so we are not going to take. US has had great performance for the last three years. We will go and work with them to find out what the forecast looks like, and then again I think we tried to give you a conservative picture for the quarter. 
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Okay. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We are not going to make any sweeping changes to the North American sales force. The productivity and the execution has been outstanding for a long time. 
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: Next question, please? 
Operator: Your next question, Mr. Tim Fox, Deutsche Bank. 
Tim Fox- Deutsche Bank: Thank you, good morning. One question about the deals that were pushed out over the past four or five quarters you have actually had several competitive displacements, and I am wondering, those are a rarity in the high end market as we all know. Just wondering if any of the deals that you had forecasted, or that you still have in your pipeline, are of that type of competitive displacement, given that those are typically harder to close? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am trying to think. Of the four or so deals that we sort of had that had gone through the process, and we had them forecasted in that 90% close rate, the Japanese one was sort of, it was a mix.  It was a new division, so we are in there, and competitors are in other divisions, so it was a competitive win in a new division that was largely using a proprietary homegrown CAD system and PDM system, it was a combination Product Development system, a combination of Pro-E and Windchill. They were all sort of I would say they were all deals that were in large accounts that have mixed environments where we have won a new program. 
Tim Fox- Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just regarding the VAR channel growth of about 3% year-over-year, obviously this is a pretty marketed deceleration over the past year and a half or so. Do you think we are seeing any overall weakening in the mid-range to low end market at this point? I know you suggested it was largely due to Japan, and then a bit of an aberration in Pac Rim, but is all of that deceleration accountable for just those geographies, or are we seeing something more distinct here from a pricing or competitive dynamic? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Tim, it's all in those geographies. We are not seeing slowdown in the overall SMB market. We are challenged as our distribution model evolves, and we develop these larger strategic account relationships, and we migrated the direct sales force up to focus on larger accounts.  We are challenged to have the channel fill in behind those direct reps, and that is a challenge with an evolving distribution model, but I don't think there is anything new with respect to that challenge in Q3. And our Q3 result really reflects disappointing Asia Pacific performance. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: Tim, also keep in mind that as we grow the channel, the fastest growing piece of that revenue is license revenue. There is really no services revenue that comes through the channel.  That is all work that as we grow the channel and give our accounts to them, we are giving them the services business, and we are no longer taking that services business, and so then maintenance obviously is going to be a slower grower than license, so as we have been performing 20% plus in the channel, that is really a mixture of like 30% license growth and more like 9 or 10% maintenance growth, and that is exactly what we saw in North America and Europe this quarter. 
Tim Fox- Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you for that. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: Next question, please? 
Operator: Your next question, Mr. Ross MacMillan of Jefferies. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Yes, thanks. Neil, could you update us on the cash flow number for this year? I know that you have got some additional charges in there, but do you have like a number for the full year operating cash flow? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think we will probably land somewhere in the $100 million to $110 million range, Ross, based on the guidance we gave of being at $250 million on the Balance Sheet at the end of the year. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Great, thank you. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are welcome. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: And then on the enterprise side, you have grown that about 8%, license growth year-to-date 8%, and I know there were tough compares last year, but how do you guys think about the right growth for the enterprise business on new license sales? Is it 8 to 10%? Is it above that? What do you think is sustainable there? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: From an enterprise license perspective? I think we have talked about in the past that we are looking for overall enterprise growth in the 18 to 20% range. We have been achieving that this year. You are correct in pointing out that the license growth has been lower than the total enterprise growth.  And certainly, our objective would be to have our license growth for the Enterprise Solutions business on par with or above the overall Enterprise Solutions growth rate, and that did happen last year and this year, you are right. We have some tough comps and we have been a little bit lower on the license side. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you. And maybe one last one. Any of the four deals already closed this quarter, or are they still all still work in progress? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: They are still work in progress. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: Next question, please? 
Operator: Yes, the next question is Mr. Sasa Zorovic with Goldman Sachs. 
Sasa Zorovic- Goldman Sachs: Thank you. So going basically again at sort of a shortfall here, what if you were to look at your shortfall, what percentage would you say has come from the Direct business versus the Channel business in Japan and rest of Asia? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, Sasa, this is Neil. Just taking the overall shortfall in license revenue, the shortfall in the channel business was a small component of that, so if we had given guidance I think which we did from 235 to 240 in total revenue this quarter, and we did 225, so you want to call that a $12 million or $13 million shortfall against the middle of our guidance, the channel piece is 2 million to 3 million tops, and the balance in the direct business. 
Sasa Zorovic- Goldman Sachs: Now in the direct business it was not just very large deals. There were several somewhat smaller deals as well, that really didn't close, so what I am wondering, how are you then sort of adjusting for that, maybe not in the overall sort of capacity of the sales which you do want to expand, but rather structurally or maybe then is it with giving projections, so what can be then addressed as far as that is concerned? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am not really sure I understood your question. It is true that the shortfall in Desktop Solutions license revenue was not completely related to large deal activity.  I think we have also said that we are not going to get, one quarter doesn't really a trend make for the business, so we will be appropriately conservative in Q4, and we will see how Q4 plays out, and then we will decide what we need to do in terms of responding to what we see at that point in time. 
Sasa Zorovic- Goldman Sachs: Okay. And also could you give us an update on your buyback program, or how you look at it at this point, given sort of where the shares are? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, I think we announced a program that was basically to repurchase roughly up to $40 million worth of our Common Stock, and we began executing the program in the last few days of May, shortly after that program was approved.  We then went into our quiet period which we come out of in a couple of days, and we will continue to execute that program, as long as the share price is at a range where we think it is justified to do so. 
Sasa Zorovic- Goldman Sachs: Perfect. Do you think it is at the range where it is justifiable to do so? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: At today's current price, we continue to execute against that program. 
Sasa Zorovic- Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are welcome. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: Next question, please? 
Operator: The next question is from Mr. Yun Kim of Pacific Growth. 
Yun Kim- Pacific Growth: Thank you. First I have a quick question for Jim. Can you remind us when the next major releases are for Pro-E Wildfire and also Windchill? 
James Heppelmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer: Yes, actually there is some exciting news on that front. Our Windchill-9 release is coming out this quarter. I will point out I probably said this before but it is the biggest single release of software this Company has ever produced.  So it is a very substantial release, lots of new modules, lots of new capabilities, lots of excitement from people who have been beta testing it, and so forth, so that is coming out this quarter, and then our NIX Pro-E release, which will be Wildfire-4 will be coming out in the first calendar quarter of '08, which will be the second fiscal quarter. 
Yun Kim- Pacific Growth: And then just a question around Pro/INTRALINK adoption, how has the Pro/INTRALINK adoption done in the quarter versus prior quarters? I know there is not much, a lot of revenue associated with the adoption per se, but it sounds like the adoption is very important for you guys, in terms of being able to upgrade customers who are likely to buy add-ons, and potentially down the road buy some Windchill products. Wanted to just get some color around how the adoption is going. 
James Heppelmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer: Yes, I think first of all as a customer moves from the previous generation standalone Pro/INTRALINK solution, to the so-called 3.x solution, to the Windchill based Pro/INTRALINK solution, they can do a side grade, where they stay at the same level of capability, and just move to a new architecture, or they can do an upgrade, where they move to a richer set of capabilities on a new architecture.  A fair number of these customers do an upgrade in the process, so there is a revenue opportunity, and I think the Windchill business has had pretty decent growth. I think that there has been a good pipeline of base business coming out of these upgrades. There is a smaller percentage of upgrades done, a large percentage of upgrades in-process, and I think it continues to be a driver of revenue growth in the enterprise business that has got a lot of runway left to it. 
Yun Kim- Pacific Growth: Typically how many of those Pro/INTRALINK upgrade deals are typically seven figure deals? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer: Seven figure deals? The minority clearly. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: I think that would be only if they are taking the opportunity to buy other software with, at the same time that they are doing their upgrade. It would be mixed with other stuff. We typically see with our very large deals, our deals over $1 million that is not just on one product line, right? That is a mix of Desktop Solutions and Enterprise Solutions, so we wouldn't typically see just an upgrade being over $1 million. 
James Heppelmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer: Yes, and I think the important thing to remember is that as people move to the new architecture, now it becomes so much easier for us to sell them the breadth of the rest of our Product Development systems solution, so if somebody does a side grade in that transaction, there is services revenue but not license revenue.  But it now sets us up to do numerous license deals over time, because they are on our mainstream architecture, and if they do an upgrade, that is they move to a richer configuration, they still are now lots of new things we can sell them, so even an upgrade is only, you know, an upgrade to a limited extent, and there is still a terrific amount of new software now, that we can attach on to that system over time. 
Yun Kim- Pacific Growth: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: Thank you. Next question? 
Operator: The next question is Mr. Chris Rowen of Soleil Securities. 
Chris Rowen- Soleil Securities: Hi. Can you give us a dollar impact for the 200 headcount reduction, and also are you getting a full quarter impact in the fourth quarter from that and the other reductions you are making, or do you expect there to be a higher impact in the first quarter, and then what did you get in terms of Arbortext and Mathsoft results? Are they tracking to plan, or now that they have anniversaried are they starting to trail-off? 
Neil Moses - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I will try to address those questions. First of all, in terms of a full quarter impact, the answer is no, because those actions were taken this week, so that is the answer to the first question. In terms of the dollar impact, it is all reflected in our Q4 expense guidance.  Our Q4 expense guidance is I think roughly flat with Q3 at $196 million, the number prior to those reductions would have been more like $203 million or $204 million, and we talked about three different types of cost reduction activity; headcount reduction, deferring travel and meetings, and slowing down considerably hiring. So all of those actions contributed to that $7 million or $8 million worth of expense savings.  And then I think your last question was on the trajectory of Arbortext and MathCAD, and as you know, we don't report separately on the revenue for either one of those acquisitions, but I will say that with respect to MathCAD, we continue to be encouraged by how our revenue is performing there.  It is exceeding our expectations, and I think we have talked about previously that the Arbortext acquisition has fallen short of our initial expectations, in terms of overall revenue growth, but it is proceeding in accordance with our current expectations. 
Chris Rowen- Soleil Securities: Thanks a lot. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: I would also add, Chris, on the expenses, keep in mind that you can't do simple math on this, and just sort of say what do 200 people cost and take it out for the run rate for FY '08, because we are globalizing, so some of those will come back in other geographies at a lower cost. 
Chris Rowen- Soleil Securities: Okay. Thank you. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: Yes. Next question please? 
Operator: Your next question is Mr. Richard Davis, Needham & Company. 
Richard Davis- Needham & Securities: Thanks. Just one question. With regard to the IBM relationship in China, where does that stand vis-à-vis your expectations, both currently and in the future? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think, Richard, the IBM relationship in China is pretty much similar to the way it is across the world now. I think that it is a good relationship. They have announced this strategy, this PDIF strategy which is their plan to go after the PLM market. It includes a number of partners that PT is one of those and probably a favored one.  And so we have sort of monthly forecast calls, the sales guys with their sales leadership, and we track deals that we are working on together, and I think we continue to see the pipeline grow, and that we work on those deals together, but again, it is sort of a joint selling opportunistically sort of joint selling relationship, and to the extent that we continue to win deals together, we get more and more references that go back and forth, but we are not really relying on IBM for upside in our forecast or our business.  It is nice to have a partner like that, that we can work with not only on the sales side, but also on the deployment side, and again, I think as word spreads in our sales force, and there is that we can win together, we will see more opportunities where we work together. 
Richard Davis- Needham & Securities: Okay. Thank you. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: I think we have just got time for about one more question. 
Operator: Thank you. This is Steve Koenig [ph], KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, thanks for fitting me in here. I was wondering about Agile. Are you seeing any less of them, or have they gone a little quieter in the market, and is there any impact on your enterprise growth? Is it helping you in the market there? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's an interesting question. I would say actually that in the short-term, even this quarter, if anything, the Oracle acquisition might have slowed a couple of deals down, where we had clear wins, and their financial position and technical position, which had become so weakened, was such that we had some real deals lined up.  I think the Oracle acquisition eliminated some of those concerns, financial concerns about the Company, and slowed some deals down actually. I think longer term, depending upon what Oracle decides to do with it, and I think the same is true with Siemens UGS, there is a good opportunity for sort of confusion and lack of investment necessarily in to some of those companies, because they are relatively small compared to the parent, and we think and anticipate there is going to be some upside opportunity,.  But I think in the short-term, there were some Agile deals that we had keyed up, that got delayed a little bit, while the customers looked at the impact of the acquisition. 
James Heppelmann - Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer: Yes, it is Jim, and maybe I can add a little comment to that. Dick mentioned that Agile was weak both financially and technically, and I think that Oracle instantly propped them up from a financial standpoint, but really hasn't declared any technical strategy.  And I am not sure what they are going to say that would make the customers comfortable that that Agile PLM system they bought, really has a future inside Oracle, so I think that the financial thing is easy to do quickly, and the technical question that is in the customer's mind hasn't gone away, and isn't easy for Oracle to answer, given the complexity of Oracle, and the fact that Agile is sort of a fly in the elephant's ear. 
Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 
Meredith Mendola - Vice President of Corporate Communications: Thank you, Steve. Dick, any last comments? 
C. Richard Harrison - President and Chief Executive Officer: That is it. Thank you very much, and we hope everybody is having a good summer. We expect to execute in the fourth quarter here, and we will look forward to talking to you in October. Thanks.
