===== 2025 Q4  (2025-02-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Fourth Quarter and Full Year '25 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand it over to Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Justin Furby: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Workday's fourth quarter fiscal 2025 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Carl Eschenbach, our CEO; Zane Rowe, our CFO; and David Somers, our Chief Product Officer. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for additional information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release, in our investor presentation and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Additionally, the transcript of this call and our quarterly investor presentation will be posted on our Investor Relations website following this call. Also, the customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our first quarter fiscal 2026 quiet period begins on April 15, 2025. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2024. With that, I'll hand the call over to Carl.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you, Justin, and thank you all for joining us today. Workday delivered another solid quarter in Q4 with 16% subscription revenue growth and 26% non-GAAP operating margin. These results are a testament to how businesses of all sizes, industries, and geographies are increasingly turning to Workday as their trusted partner, and I'm incredibly proud of how our teams executed in Q4 to deliver a solid year. As organizations look for ways to boost productivity and run more efficiently, our value proposition has never been stronger. Workday gives them the ultimate advantage, helping them manage what matters most, their people and their money. And with our unified platform, our customers can unlock value faster, reduce our total cost of ownership, and harness the power of AI across our best-in-class HR and finance solutions. On the AI front, we just launched the Agent System of Record, a centralized system to manage all of an organization's AI agents from Workday and third parties alike. With this innovation, our customers will be able to manage their entire workforce, humans and digital on our trusted platform. I'll talk more about this exciting announcement later in the call. But now let's turn to our customers and industry momentum in the quarter. During Q4, we welcomed incredible new customers, including Bayer, Henkel, Iberostar, The State of North Carolina, and First Citizens Bank & Trust Company. We also expanded with industry leaders including Cisco, Mondelez, Sutter Health, and Toyota. Workday now serves more than 11,000 customers across industries and geographies, including more than 60% of the Fortune 500 and 30% of the Global 2000, and that says a lot about the strategic nature of our platform. Our industry focus is a huge contributor to this growth and Q4 was no exception. In SLED, the City of Minneapolis, St. Louis County, and City University of New York all chose our full suite in Q4. We also signed our largest Workday Student deal ever with the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities. This is a massive project to improve the experience for 270,000 students in 14,000 faculty. Workday Student is quickly gaining traction as the top choice for higher-education institutions. We now have more than 135 customers and we expect roughly half of them will be live by the Spring. After rapid adoption here in the U.S., we're excited to expand Workday Student into Canada and the Australia/New Zealand markets this year. We also have a growing opportunity with the U.S. federal government thanks to the administration's strong focus on driving efficiencies and IT modernization. Our recent wins at the DOE and DIA have helped set a solid foundation in this sector, opening up a number of exciting Fed opportunities. Financial services continues to be one of our largest industries. In Q4, we had significant expansions with Aon in Sallie Mae Bank, and we closed a large core FINS deal with a Fortune 500 organization. Healthcare also once again delivered with notable full suite wins including North Mississippi Medical Center, Hackensack Meridian Health, and UnityPoint Health. More than 30% of our net-new wins in the quarter were full suite and across our focus industries of SLED and healthcare, that number climbs to 50%. We had a record number of core FINS wins in both Q4 and the full fiscal year. We now have over 6,100 core HCM and Financials customers and more than 2,000 of them are leveraging our full suite. Our investments in Financials, both in innovation and go-to-market continue to pay off with strong growth in new ACV in Q4. In addition to a record number of core financials wins, we saw strong momentum for our financial planning, accounting center, student and procurement solutions, and we continue to see increasing demand for AI solutions. In fact, AI is front and center in every conversation I have with customers, prospects and partners. They want to move beyond incremental productivity gains. They're also looking for ROI that helps them drive growth back into their business. Similar to Q3, we once again saw 30% of our customer expansions involve one or more AI SKUs including Extend Pro, Recruiting Agent, Evisort, and our recently rolled-out Talent Mobility agent. Extend Pro, which enables our customers to build AI applications on top of our platform, continues to be one of our fastest-growing SKUs. In Q4, new ACV more than doubled over Q3. Developer Copilot, which is part of Extend Pro, is delivering real results. We're hearing from customers that they're seeing productivity gains of over 50%. This is helping them build apps much faster. Recruiting Agent had an exceptional close to the year with wins at BP, Genpact and many more. New ACV in Q4 nearly doubled from Q3. And this product continues to boost the average selling price of our core recruiting solution. In fact, in Q4, it was even higher than the 1.5X uplift we reported in Q3, a great example of customers' willing to pay for high ROI solutions. Our approach to AI has always been customer-centric. While others rushed to charge for early GenAI features, we integrated them into our core offering. Now that our AI has evolved and is delivering tangible ROI, we have new monetization opportunities that will fuel our long-term growth. And perhaps more importantly, we are further distancing ourselves from the competition. With more than one trillion transactions processed on our platform in FY '25, our AI leverages the world's largest and cleanest HR and Financial dataset. And the combination of this data with our ability to understand the context behind it puts Workday in a unique position. Following the announcements of our new role-based agents at Rising, we launched four more agents for contracts, payroll, financial auditing and policy. These are not task-based agents, like most in the market today. Our role-based agents contain a configurable set of skills that give them greater ability to support people in their roles. Each has multiple skills and can perform a large number of tasks. That's where the true ROI is and where we see that customers are willing to pay. Over the past year, hundreds and maybe thousands of agents have been introduced to the market across a number of vendors. As more agents are deployed, organizations risk fragmented operations, increased security risk, and difficulty measuring the true value of their AI investments. At this point, there's no central place to manage agents and there's a real risk of sprawl. That's what the Workday Agent System of Record aims to solve. It will manage a business' entire fleet of AI agents alongside their human workforce, all on a trusted platform. And it won't just manage Workday agents, it will also manage customer-built agents and partner-built agents. Since the launch, we've had strong interest from our customers and technology partners, who'd like access to Workday's Agent System of Record to mitigate risk in the enterprise. Partners continue to play a strong role in Workday's growth, and they also extend the power of the Workday platform. In Q4, more than 15% of our net new ACV was sourced through partners, up from more than 10% last quarter and we're just getting started. Not only are we leaning into partners to drive increased pipeline for our core products, but we're also collaborating with them to create new lines of business through partner programs like Workday Wellness, where we signed five strategic partners in Q4. And we're innovating with them as well. Our Built on Workday program continues to gain traction. Since its launch at the end of June, we have 72 partners building and selling applications on the Workday platform. Finally, in the quarter, we also signed our first strategic talent partnership with Randstad, which brings together the power of Workday Recruiting Agent with the global candidate data pool of the largest talent company in the world to help our customers increase hiring efficiencies and drive better talent outcomes. Turning to international, we delivered solid performance across a number of our key geographies in Q4. We also hosted a record-breaking EMEA Rising in December with 5,000 attendees, which helped drive momentum in the quarter. Despite the continued macro headwinds in EMEA, our two largest markets, the U.K. and Germany had their strongest quarter of the year. This shows what I've said many times. When customers are ready to make a spending decision, Workday is the choice. In the DACH region, we formed some fantastic new relationships in our competitors' backyard. In Q4 with great German companies like Bayer and Henkel selecting Workday core HCM. In APAC, we had several important wins, including Binance, Nine Entertainment and JINGDONG. And in Japan, we're continuing to build the foundation to grow in this important market with the opening of our Osaka office. I want to thank my Workmates, our customers and our partners for helping us end FY '25 strong. I'd also like to recognize Doug Robinson for helping us close the quarter on a high note. Thank you, Doug, for your dedication to building this company. Before we close, I'd like to share a couple other leadership updates. After 10 incredible years, Sayan Chakraborty has decided to retire from Workday. He has been a driving force for our innovation strategy and we can't thank him enough for the impact he has had. With Sayan's retirement from Workday, we're excited to welcome Gerrit Kazmaier as our new President of Product and Technology. Gerrit joins us from Google, where he led data analytics and BI for Google Cloud. Prior to that, he spent nearly 11 years with SAP. With his expertise in AI, data, ERP, and enterprise business processes, Gerrit is the ideal person to lead our Product and Technology strategy. Gerrit will start on March 10, and Sayan will stay on as an advisor through the end of May to help with the transition. It's been a year of change at Workday, and we'll continue to evolve in the coming year to go after the massive opportunity ahead of us. Our recent restructuring was a tough, but necessary decision that will help us invest in the business to meet our customers' needs. We're entering FY '26, our 20th year in business, with an amazing team, renewed energy, and a clear view of how we can fulfill our founders' vision to revolutionize enterprise software, this time with AI. Thanks again for joining us. And with that, I'll hand it over to Zane.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Carl, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. Our Q4 results were driven by solid performance across key growth areas of the business including continued momentum with full suite and our financials solutions, growing demand for our AI SKUs, and strong execution across key industries. Turning to results, subscription revenue in Q4 was $2.040 billion, up 16%, benefiting from favorable linearity of new ACV bookings within the quarter. Full year FY '25 subscription revenue was $7.718 billion, growth of 17%. Professional services revenue was $171 million in the quarter and $728 million for the full year. Total revenue in Q4 was $2.21 billion, growth of 15%, and for the full year was $8.45 billion, up 16%. U.S. revenue in Q4 totaled $1.66 billion, up 15%, and international revenue in the quarter was $556 million, growing 16%. For the year, U.S. revenue was $6.33 billion, up 16%, and international revenue was $2.11 billion, up 17%. 12-month subscription revenue backlog, or cRPO, was $7.63 billion at the end of Q4, growing 15%. Early renewal activity in the quarter was slightly higher than expected and contributed to the outperformance. Total subscription revenue backlog at the end of Q4 was $25.06 billion, up 20%, and gross revenue retention rates remained strong at 98%. Non-GAAP operating income for the fourth quarter was $584 million, representing a non-GAAP operating margin of 26.4%. The year-over-year improvement benefited from a combination of revenue outperformance, ongoing cost discipline, and improved efficiencies across the company. Full-year non-GAAP operating income was $2.19 billion, reflecting a non-GAAP operating margin of 25.9%. GAAP operating income in the quarter was impacted by a $75 million charge, primarily related to the previously announced restructuring. Q4 operating cash flow was $1.11 billion, resulting in full-year operating cash flow of $2.46 billion, growth of 15%. We repurchased $99 million of our shares during the quarter and $700 million for the full year, helping drive annual dilution below 1% for the year. The timing and amount of our repurchase activity in the quarter was impacted by trading constraints. We had $802 million in remaining authorization as of year-end. We ended the year with $8 billion in cash and marketable securities. Our headcount as of January 31 was approximately 20,400 workmates, not reflecting the restructuring that took place in early February, which we expect will reduce our workforce by approximately 8%. Now turning to guidance. We're pleased with the execution we are driving across several of our key strategic areas, and given our solid performance in the fourth quarter, we continue to expect FY '26 subscription revenue of approximately $8.8 billion, growth of 14%. This outlook incorporates the impact of the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar, which is a roughly $20 million incremental headwind since we provided guidance last quarter. We anticipate Q1 FY '26 subscription revenue to be approximately $2.050 billion, growth of 13%, or 14% when normalizing for the effect of the leap year last Q1. We expect cRPO to increase between 14.5% and 15.5% in Q1. We expect subscription revenue to increase roughly 5.5% sequentially in Q2. We continue to expect a slightly faster pace of year-over-year subscription revenue growth in the second half of FY '26 relative to the first half. This is driven by continued momentum across our investment initiatives, in addition to revenue building from certain deals we closed in FY '25 and discussed on our last earnings call. We anticipate FY '26 professional services revenue of approximately $700 million as we continue to leverage our partner ecosystem. For Q1, we expect professional services revenue of $165 million. We expect FY '26 non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 28%. This outlook incorporates an accelerated pace of AI investment across our platform and targeted investments across key areas of the business. We will also continue to drive efficiencies and look for improvements in operating our business at scale. For Q1, we expect a non-GAAP operating margin of 28%. GAAP operating margin for the first quarter is impacted by the previously announced restructuring. We expect to incur an additional restructuring expense of approximately $180 million in the quarter, which will be excluded from our non-GAAP results. We expect the GAAP operating margins to be approximately 30 percentage points and 21 percentage points lower than our Q1 and full-year FY '26 non-GAAP operating margins respectively. The FY '26 non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be 19%. We expect FY '26 operating cash flow of $2.75 billion, which includes roughly $180 million of cash outflows related to the restructuring, which we expect will be incurred in the first half of FY '26. We expect FY '26 capital expenditures of approximately $250 million, down slightly from FY '25. We enter the new fiscal year with clear momentum, and are focused on investing strategically to support our medium-term objectives of mid-teens subscription revenue growth and 30% non-GAAP operating margin, while building the foundation to support enduring growth and margin expansion. With that, I'll turn it back over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Mark Murphy from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much. Congrats. It's nice to see the cRPO dollars added a figure. I believe reached its highest-level ever. I wanted to ask if you can walk us through the vision and the scale of the investment that you think is required for the agent system of record? I'm curious if a chunk of the savings from the restructuring are going to be redirected into building that agent system of record? And then do you - relating to that, do you have any lighthouse customers that are raising their hand in some way saying we want to manage entire fleets of agents, including some third-party agents using that product?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Hi, Mark, this is Carl. Before I answer your question, if you don't mind, I'd just like to again thank my Workmates partners and customers on a really good Q4 and a solid FY '25 finish. The diversity and durability of our business and the demand for the Workday platform has continued to help us drive towards our goal of delivering durable growth at-scale and expanding operating margins. Again, thank you to everyone. So let me start by answering your question around investments. As we said in my prepared remarks, a restructuring is never something easy to do, but we thought it was absolutely necessary for us to be able to reinvest back in specifically into product and technology organization around our Agent System of Record that we announced two weeks ago. We have seen since that announcement an incredible uptake in interest both from customers and from our partner community who want to build agents and understand there is a risk of them entering the enterprise in an uncontrolled way. So there's no doubt this investment is required because of the demand we're seeing. It's also required on the go-to-market side where we're going to continue to invest to be able to take the Agent System of Record along with all of our role-based agents deeper into the enterprise. And David, who runs product for us, anything to add there?
David Somers: Yes. No, I mean I think we've been extremely pleased with the response that we've gotten and you mentioned this, Carl, not with just customer response in terms of Agent System of Record, but also from partners. And yes, there - I think one of the specific questions you asked was interested in not only managing Workday agents within that product, but also third-party agents. And we see a lot of interest in both of those areas, whether that's customer-built agents or even third-party partner-built agents being managed within the Agent System of Record. So once again, significant opportunity we see to deliver value to our customers there.
Carl Eschenbach: Thanks, David.
David Somers: Yes.
Mark Murphy: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Kash Rangan from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Kash Rangan: Hi, thank you very much and congrats on the nice finish to the year. Carl, one question for you. You guys have tremendous visibility in your business, your backlog is a cRPO three times over, right? So - but on the flip side, as you have contracts that come up for renewal from presumably 2022 levels with customers signed a three-year contract 2022, they're coming up renewal 2025, what is the health of that renewal base look like, especially in a world with AI, without AI that there is workforce reductions happening? And as you overlay your AI upsell on-top of that, what are the opportunities for the company to - upon the renewal to attach itself and its impressive list of AI products so as to ensure that you're able to grow to meet your goals? Thank you so much. That's it for me.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thank you, Kash, and thank you for the question. Yes, we do have good visibility for the next many years on the renewal opportunity we have here at Workday. That being said, as you know, we do not wait for the renewal opportunity to sell back into our customer-base. For example, we highlighted again for the second consecutive quarter that we were able to sell an AI SKU back into our customer-base more than 30% of those transactions, which is the second quarter in a row. And specifically, the uptake we're seeing on our Recruiting Agent and Extend Pro allow us to sell back into that customer-base, both of them almost doubled quarter-over-quarter. So we have great visibility in our existing customer-base, the renewals, but more importantly, Kash, as we've been doing in the last couple of years, we're not waiting for renewals to sell back into the customer-base, the products and SKUs we have today. We also know that we have a number of new AI agent SKUs that we'll be rolling out over the next 6 to 12 months and they also give us a great opportunity to sell back into that customer base. So, we're excited about the customer base, which is now the more than 6,100 customers and we're excited about how we're selling to them today and what the future looks like with all of our new agents that we're bringing to market.
Zane Rowe: Hi, Kash, it's Zane. I'll just add. If you look at that renewal opportunity, just that baseline opportunity that Carl is going to leverage off, the growth in the upcoming year is very similar to what we saw in the prior year. So there's obviously some variability quarter-to-quarter, but we feel good about the growth and the opportunity heading into FY '26 as well. And that was part of the reason you attributed to the strong cRPO as well. Obviously, it's that go-to-market motion and how we're selling back into the base and growing from that.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, the other thing I should probably highlight, Zane, is the fact that our create and close momentum in the quarter where we did not see an opportunity in the pipeline that we ended-up selling back into our customer base was the strongest we'd seen all year. So that was another good selling motion and I was really proud of how the team executed on creating opportunities in a given quarter and closing them at the same time.
Kash Rangan: Good proxy for SMB business I've taken. Thank you so much, Carl and Zane.
Carl Eschenbach: Thanks, Kash.
Zane Rowe: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Kirk Materne from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Kirk Materne: Yes, thanks very much and congrats on a nice finish to the year. I think this one is probably for Zane. Zane, obviously, your guidance for the year sort of infers to a little bit acceleration from the first-half to the second-half, you went through some of the reasons why. Just two - sort of two-part question around that. I guess, one, in the back-half of the year, are you guys expecting much contribution from some of the agent revenue or some of the agents that you've put out over the last six months? And I guess secondly, you had a strong fourth quarter. Do you feel better about that sort of opportunity or sort of just the visibility, I guess, into the back-half of the year today versus three months? I know 4Q is a big bookings quarter for you. So I think that your visibility is perhaps a little bit better today than it was then. You guys just reiterated guidance, so that infer that, but I was wondering, if you just put a little bit more color around that? Thanks.
Zane Rowe: Of course, Kirk, I'll start, then I think Carl probably want to add to it. I mean, as you point out, we are very pleased with the strength in Q4 in a variety of areas, most notably some of the newer opportunities that we have, in particularly, around AI. As it relates to your first question on agents, we haven't built-in, I'd say, meaningful amount of dollars tied to agents just as we expect to roll them out through the course of the year. So there's not a meaningful amount attributed to agents. I also called out the fact that we've got a little bit more headwind related to FX and we updated you last quarter, we had incorporated that into that visibility and into that forecast. Obviously, now we've taken that into account on the additional, I think I called out about $20 million in my prepared remarks. So we see a little bit of pressure there, but the underlying business was really strong in the fourth quarter. And as you point out, we've got better visibility as we look at FY '26 in a number of key growth areas that are well supporting the outlook we have. In addition to that, while it's not always tightly correlated, we feel very good about the cRPO that we've built and it's that aggregate level that we focus on.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. And as it relates to AI in its contribution, we're already seeing the contribution from our Recruiting Agent, and things like Extend Pro, which I indicated earlier, have grown now 100% quarter-over-quarter, but we're also seeing early evidence in something like Evisort, Talent Optimization. We have a new agent out called Talent Mobility Agent. And then we did announce four new agents at our agent System of Record event two weeks ago that will not be available to the second half of the year. They were the policy agent, contract agent, financial audit agent, and payroll agent. And we don't see them attributing a whole lot to the current guidance we have for FY '26 because they'll be in early access at rising later this year.
Kirk Materne: Super. Thank you all.
Carl Eschenbach: Thanks, Kirk.
Operator: Next question is from Brad Sills from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Brad Sills: Wonderful. Thank you so much. I wanted to ask a question about international. We haven't heard from a lot of companies that Europe was a source of strength this quarter. I know it's been a focus area for you so I would love to get some color as to where you're seeing strength in Europe, how do you feel about the feet-on-the-street that you have over there, which countries are working nicely in the go-to-market and some of the progress and which ones would we expect to see more progress from going forward. Thank you.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks, Brad. As you know, we've called out for the last couple of years that we have a significant opportunity internationally. You guys know the math, 75% of our revenue comes from the U.S., and only 25% outside of the U.S. yet. More than 50% of our addressable market is outside of the U.S., and that hasn't changed. Specifically, as we think about EMEA, I think for the entire year, we've called out that it was more of a headwind than a tailwind compared to the years past and that was quite honestly no different for us in Q4. That being said, the teams had a really strong finish to the year in Europe, specifically in two of the biggest markets, both the U.K. and Germany delivered really solid results. Now we wouldn't say one quarter of strength is a trend so we expect more of the same in FY '26, but we do expect to continue to invest in the business internationally because of the size of the market we have to go after. And we expect when customers do ultimately make a decision to move forward with a large transformation project, they always go or should I say most of the time go with Workday. And two examples of that were in our - one of our biggest competitor's backyard. I called them out in my prepared remarks. In Germany, we closed two large HCM opportunities with Henkel and Bayer, and they were out there for many quarters and they finally decided to move forward and selected us. So that's just an example of the momentum when someone does make a decision that we have around our solution and the value we're bringing to our customers and prospects.
Zane Rowe: Hi, Brad, and just to tie that to our forecast as we look at FY '26, we're not considering any meaningful change in the environment, at least from the macro perspective in Europe. So we're still very pleased with the product that we're continuing to build there, the team we have on the go-to-market side, and our deliverables, but we're not having - we're not expecting any material change at least from the environment.
Brad Sills: Understood. Wonderful. Thanks so much, Zane and Carl.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Brad.
Operator: The next question is from Raimo Lenschow from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Raimo Lenschow: Hi, perfect. Congrats from me as well. And any expectations for change in go-to-market now with Rob Enslin kind of finally coming on board, and I'm thinking more international. As well since you have that success, is there any change, or are you doubling down on that one the way you do it? Thank you.
Carl Eschenbach: Hi, Raimo. Thanks for the question. First, I just want to again thank Doug Robinson for 14 years of service here at Workday. He was an incredible asset, and I think we all get to sit here at Workday because of his success. So I just want to thank him again. And I actually think between Rob now on board for, you know, three months and Doug, we've had a seamless and smooth transition. Rob obviously has a tremendous amount of experience, especially internationally, and he's already spent time around, you know, both Europe and he's been in Japan already, and he'll be traveling more over the next coming months in international markets to help us expand and take advantage of the opportunity we have, but also the deep network that he has both across customers as well as partner communities. So that being said, not a lot of changes. As you saw from our Q4 performance, I think the go-to-market engine is working really well under the leadership of Patrick, who is our Chief Revenue Officer. And I think Rob, will just make tweaks or refinements to the go-to-market motion to only improve it from here. But no major changes at this time.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect. Thank you. Congrats.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Turrin from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Michael Turrin: Great. Thanks very much. I appreciate you taking the question. Zane, I just want to go back to the margin potential relative to the guidance and how you're thinking about that. It's clear there are product areas you can reinvest into. I don't think we would have expected all of the leverage from the headcount reduction to potentially flow into the initial guide for the upcoming year. But can you just kind of speak to the trade-offs you're evaluating currently and then how we should think about those in the context of the overall margin potential of Workday from here? Thank you.
Zane Rowe: Yes. Michael, we've obviously laid out a mid-term plan to get to 30% plus through FY '27, and what we've put out this year, moving it up incrementally to 28% allows us to get there. Candidly, as Carl mentioned earlier, we see tremendous opportunity in AI. So we're, I think, doing a good job balancing those investments. We've got David here and his team leaning as heavily as they ever have into our AI investments and our strategy surrounding AI. And concurrently, while we do that, seeing opportunities to continue to scale the business. Obviously, as you grow in the mid-teens, it allows you and affords you that opportunity to continuously think about balancing investments with margin appreciation. And that's what we're focused on and we are literally looking at every part of the organization on how we scale, how we think of efficiencies, and at the same time, how we continue to invest both organically and inorganically. So I think we've got a good balance here. We've got a lot of focus across the Company, and ensuring that we achieve our objectives. And as you saw where we see some opportunities you saw with this year, we'll give it back and provide some upside to the margin. But we've got a good balance there and we think we still got a tremendous opportunity ahead to invest into.
Michael Turrin: Very clear. Thank you.
Zane Rowe: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Brent Thill from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brent Thill: Thanks. Carl, on federal, you've mentioned some good wins and you feel the momentum there. I think there's been also some concerns. Could things kind of go a little sideways till they figure out the exact direction where they're going with the new administration? I'm just curious if you could lay out how you think that plays out for you over the next year.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks, Brent. As you know, over the last 18 months, we've started to lean into the federal business and opportunity more aggressively than we've historically done. And the reason for that is if you look at the federal government, while they spend a tremendous amount of money on technology, the systems they have, specifically ERP, HCM or financial systems are very antiquated. In fact, the majority of them are still on-premises, which means they're inefficient. And as we think about DOGE and what that could potentially do going forward. If you want to drive efficiency in the government, you have to upgrade your systems and we find that as a really rich opportunity. And in the last year, we've laid the groundwork with a couple of significant wins, for example, at the Department of Energy and the DIA to allow us to springboard our momentum in the federal market moving forward. So yes, there's some uncertainty, but there's still tremendous opportunity. And if you want to drive efficiencies across the government, there is a starting point called on-premises solution, getting them to the cloud. And as we speak to the customers, all of them are looking to leverage Workday and what we have in our best-of-breed platform and applications to better service them more efficiently.
Brent Thill: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Zukin from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Alex Zukin: Hi, guys, congrats on a solid end to the year. I guess maybe just a two-parter for me. Maybe first, Carl, on the agentic front, we're all trying to kind of grapple with what this means from a TAM expansion point for the systems of record. I'm curious how you guys are framing it in terms of the ability to really monetize and add a tremendous level of new value to your existing customer relationships. And then maybe Zane, what - it felt like, was there a change in calculus that accompanied the RIF in terms of freeing like seeing something that made you want to move faster to free up more, or was that always kind of in the cards for the previous margin guidance? Thank you, guys.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Sure. Maybe I'll start. So we are quite excited about the opportunity to bring agents and specifically role-based agents into the enterprise. To do that, you need to bring them in very similar to you bringing your human workforce today, which no one is better at than Workday. We're taking that same framework to securely onboard, right, new agents and digital workers in the same way we have done with human workers in the past. So if there's ever a shift from human workers to digital workers, we're going to still be able to capture the revenue for that as they land on our Workday Agent System of Record. So we think the monetization opportunity we have for both our own role-based agents as well, as David said earlier, new agents either that our customers are building, our partners or even in some cases, our competitors, they have to somehow come into the enterprise. And they're going to do that through a system of record and we believe we're uniquely positioned with our gateway to onboard all agents into the enterprise and we will be able to monetize that. It's also important to note that we have multiple ways to monetize AI. Today, we're monetizing in the platform because we have a lot of functionality around AI in the platform itself. We're monetizing it through some of the things we rolled out in the last year, the Recruiting Agent, Extend Pro, we have things like Evisort, and all of these new agents now we're bringing to-market is another way for us to monetize it. And it's both seat base and consumption-based. So we have lots of opportunity to monetize it and we're excited about what the future looks like, specifically after our last two quarters of performance around AI.
Zane Rowe: Alex, and I'll just add as it relates to the margin profile, there's no change in thought and in-process. We have our parameters and obviously, we have a framework that we work by Carl talked about the opportunity that we have in AI, and we've always talked about growing our top line as well as our operating margin in order to get there. And we see this as a tremendous opportunity to not only invest in the Company, but also think about different ways that we can scale the business and obviously, become more efficient in a variety of areas. So I'd say no balance there - sorry, no change there in how we think about that balance, not only for the next year but in years beyond.
Alex Zukin: Perfect. Thank you.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from John DiFucci from Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
John DiFucci: Thank you. I think my question has sort of been touched on guys, but it's something that I struggled with the last couple of years actually. And we all know that the last couple of years have been challenging, not just for you, but for everybody. But we've always thought of Workday as a good house in a tough neighborhood. Your core business of large transformational deals just hasn't been prioritized in recent years, but you've done a good job, we think any way of doing a lot of things like to offset that, like leaning into partners in a way you never did, going down market and Doug had a big part of that too and continued selling back into the base. I guess my question, and I think it's just a general question, but are we now at a point where the numbers are doable? And if, when things improve, meaning things you don't have control over? You'll come out of this actually stronger than you were during the post-COVID sort of Mardi Gras period.
Carl Eschenbach: Hi. John, thanks for the question. I think you touched on what we're seeing in the market and the opportunity for us going forward. If you just look at some of the areas we've invested in the last few years, we focus on driving our AI solutions back into our customer base. And that motion is working, and not just for AI SKUs, but many of our other SKUs like our financial SKUs, whether it's sourcing, whether it's planning, whether it's accounting center, or a second area of focus is to drive our FINS business back into our customer base. That's working really well. The other motion that's working is we are focused on selling a full suite solution into the market. And we talked about more than 30% of our new business in the quarter was full suite. And if you look at some of our key industries where we focus, whether it's state and local government, higher ed and healthcare, it was greater than 50% of new wins included full suite. So that motion is working and that investment in financials has paid off. And then this quarter, we had a record impact from our partners where they contributed greater than 15% to our new ACV in the quarter. So all of these areas that we've been focused on and we're leaning into, we're starting to see pay-off. Now we got to keep that going as we go into FY '26, but we're pretty optimistic about the investments we've made, the results we're seeing, and the momentum we carry into the new year.
John DiFucci: Carl, is Global Payroll Connect, is that part of what's happening to? Are you seeing any benefit from that yet, or is that just still too early?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. We are. We have more than 150 partners now part of Global Partner Connect already today.
David Somers: Yes. Real quick. Since October when we launched that - this is David, by the way, we've - Global Payroll Connect has been in 150 deals since we launched back in October. We now have well over 22 partners now leveraging and building on top of GPC already as well, and there's a whole flu in the pipe that are looking to build on top of that capability as well.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. And the other things, David, we're doing is on the platform side, Workday Wellness has momentum where benefits providers can now build into the platform. We see momentum around obviously Workday Extend and Extend Pro and the build-on Workday platform, we have many of our partners now building and innovating on top of the platform. So our platform approach is clearly paying off as people look to consolidate on Workday.
David Somers: Yes. I was going to say the exact same thing. I mean, I think what we are seeing is we're still early days, but you're seeing a lot of the investment that we've done over the past few years on the platform itself start to actually pay dividends and a lot of things we've been talking about, including as we look at AI and what other agents that we think we're going to build and we've got lots of plans to build more there as well.
John DiFucci: Good stuff. Thanks, guys.
David Somers: Yes.
Carl Eschenbach: Thanks, John.
Operator: We will now take two more questions. The next question is from Karl Keirstead from UBS. Please go ahead.
Karl Keirstead: Okay, great. I just wanted to go back to the point around your decision to reinvest what appears to be most of the savings from the headcount cuts, and in particular, maybe to get a little bit of a better understanding on how your spending mix is changing. So maybe what areas are you trimming as a result of the RIF, whether it's focused on functional areas, or GEOs that you're downsizing? And then conversely, where are those new dollars being freed up to invest in? It sounds certainly like AI, but are there any other new investment areas that you'll direct the funds to maybe an uptick in certain sales rep capacity? So maybe you could describe what's getting cut, what's getting increased to help us understand how the spending mix is changing as a result of the headcount cut. Thank you.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Sure. Karl, I'll start and then Zane obviously add anything on the investment or margin front there. So I would expect at this time next year, we will have more headcount at Workday than we did prior to the restructuring, which shows you that we are continuing to invest in the business and there's probably multiple areas we're looking to invest. Yes, it's an AI in the product and technology organization as we expand our agent system of record and we bring more and more role-based agents into the market. We continue to invest internationally. And when I say invest internationally, it's not just in go-to-market, but it's on the product side, and it's also to build out more capacities in locations like India and Costa Rica as we look to service a more global footprint of customers. And then two more areas of focus. We're going to continue - under Rob and Patrick continue to build out go-to-market capacity from a sales perspective. And then as you've seen, the momentum we have around our partner ecosystem is something we want to continue to invest in because we're already seeing a great uptick like 15% of our new ACV this quarter coming from our partners. So they're the key areas that we're focusing our investments on and we are going to lean heavily into the opportunity in the TAM that we see in front of us.
Zane Rowe: Yes. Karl, I would just add, it's not like it's sort of binary as far as there are a number of areas that we were always investing in, and obviously, what you see here is more of a mix-shift into AI and into some of those growth elements. And at the same time across - really across the company, we're all looking at how we scale - how we build inefficiencies as well as invest in both people, process and systems to continue to drive that next leg of growth. So a lot of these investments are investments that also scale and will enable us to grow our margin beyond just FY '27. So we feel good about the balance. We're also becoming more global. And with that, we'd expect to see more workmates around the globe to balance that out as well.
Karl Keirstead: Okay. Thank you both.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Karl.
Operator: The next question is from Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Chris Quintero: Hi, Carl. Hi, Zane. This is Chris Quintero on for Keith here. Thanks for taking our questions. I actually want to go back to the Agent partnership you announced with Salesforce last year, which is super interesting, but didn't hear you call it out in the prepared remarks. So just curious to hear maybe how that integration has gone and has it contributed at all to potentially better win rates at all?
Carl Eschenbach: David, do you want to take the partnership with Salesforce?
David Somers: Sure. I'll jump on that. Yes. And Chris, good talking to you. Yes, I mean, we continue to work on that partnership with Salesforce. As a matter of fact, I'd say we - a lot of what we've done there early days was cutting our teeth and has actually, I think, been instrumental in some of the innovation that we just recently-announced in terms of Agent System of Record and actually understanding and working with them through issues like how do you get an agent from Salesforce to talk to an agent on the Workday side. So we're still progressing with Workday - sorry, with Salesforce on that. I would say the partnership is going really well. It's still once again continues to be early days in that partnership.
Chris Quintero: Excellent. Thanks so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. I'll now turn it over to Mr. Eschenbach for final comments.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you, operator. And again, thank you all for joining today's call. To close, Q4 was another solid quarter, capping off a really good year for Workday. Our results, especially our customer momentum across industries and geographies, demonstrate the diversity and durability of our business and the increasing relevance of Workday's platform. And with our Illuminate AI strategy, our new agent and most importantly our new Agent System of Record, we're unleashing new innovation across our platform that will continue to drive exceptional outcomes for our customers and partners and continue to fuel our growth. With that said, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to close out today's call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2025 Q3  (2024-11-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, welcome to Workday's Fiscal 2025 Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. During Q&A, please limit your questions to one. I will now hand it over to Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Furby, you may begin.
Justin Furby : Thank you, Operator. Welcome to Workday's Third Quarter Fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call. On the call, we have Carl Eschenbach, our CEO; Zane Rowe, our CFO; Doug Robinson, our Co-President and David Somers, our Chief Product Officer. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations, and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for additional information on risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release, in our investor presentation, and on the investor relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the investor relations link. Additionally, the transcript of this call and our quarterly investor presentation will be posted on our investor relations website following this call. Also, the customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our fourth quarter of fiscal 2025 quiet period begins on January 15th, 2025. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2024. With that, I'll hand the call over to Carl.
Carl Eschenbach : Thank you, Justin, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm pleased to report another quarter of solid financial performance in Q3, with 16% subscription revenue growth and non-GAAP operating margins of 26%. These results are a testament to the strong customer relationships we have across industries, the growing demand of our AI innovation, and the power of our ecosystem around the world. More and more organizations are consolidating on the Workday platform for a few key reasons. They want to reduce total cost of ownership, simplify their operations, and harness the power of AI across our best-in-class HR and finance solutions, and provide employees with an amazing user experience. Workday gives them the ultimate advantage. That was evident in Q3 by the growth we had in full suite and in our net new wins, customer expansions across geographies in segments along with industries. Several industries were strong in the quarter and government and higher education were two of the standouts. Roughly 90% of the wins in these industries were full suite. In Q3, the Defense Intelligence Agency expanded its business with Workday. In Lake County, Illinois, Maryland General Assembly, New Jersey Institute of Technology, and University System of Georgia all chose Workday to modernize their systems and meet the rising expectations of their constituents. This quarter, professional and business services became the third industry to exceed $1 billion in annual recurring revenue, alongside financial services and retail and hospitality. Advantage Solutions, Connells Limited, and Flight Center Travel Group all selected Workday. And in healthcare, we had a huge full suite win with CommonSpirit Health, one of the largest non-profit healthcare systems in the US, as well as Community Health System and Valley Children's Healthcare. From a product perspective, our HCM solutions are really setting the pace when it comes to the future of work. In the quarter, we had wins with Brookshire Grocery Company, IOI Group, ProMach, Royal Mail, and TeamHealth, just to name a few. We're also continuing to invest in our Financials business, and thats driving demand for our full suite. More than 35% of our new core customers in Q3 were full suite. And in Q3, we were again named a Leader in the 2024 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Cloud HCM Suites for 1,000-plus Employee Enterprises, Cloud ERP for Service-Centric Enterprises, and Financial Planning Software. And speaking of Planning, that business had a great Q3. We either expanded or formed new relationships with some fantastic organizations like Deloitte, the Fitness and Lifestyle Group, Motion Picture Association, and Tenet Healthcare. And we were thrilled to have AWS go live on Planning in Q3. AI is top of mind for every CEO right now, and they are all looking for the right partner to guide them through this transformation. That's where Workday comes in. Our customers know that an investment in Workday is an investment in AI, and we are seeing a ton of excitement and demand for our AI solutions. In Q3 alone, more than 30% of our customer expansions involved one or more AI solutions, including Talent Optimization, Extend Pro and Recruiter Agent powered by HiredScore. Talent Optimization remains one of our fastest growing SKUs and it is driving tangible value -- customers have experienced up to a 39% reduction in turnover. Recruiter Agent, in particular, had a huge quarter, with wins at Johnson Controls, Cox Enterprises, and UofL Health. In fact, the team closed more new logos in Q3 than in its 12-year history, and our new ACV more than quadrupled compared to Q2. And whats awesome is that Recruiter Agent is boosting the average selling price of our core recruiting solution by almost 150%. Its clear that customers are ready to invest in AI that's built for their specific needs and delivers real results. They want solutions that are easy to implement, quickly provide value, without needing a ton of IT support. This growing demand shows the huge opportunity we have to grow and monetize this part of our business. So, lets talk about how were going to capture this opportunity with our innovation. With more than 70 million users under contract generating more than 800 billion transactions a year on our platform, our AI leverages the worlds largest and cleanest HR and Finance dataset. In our industry, where decisions are high-stakes and complex, the quality and quantity of our data is a critical differentiator. And the combination of this data, with our ability to understand the context behind it, enables Workday to unlock value in a way no competitor can do. At Rising, we unveiled Illuminate, the next generation of Workday AI. With Illuminate, were unlocking a whole new level of productivity and human potential by accelerating manual tasks, assisting every employee, and ultimately transforming entire business processes. As part of Illuminate, we launched a set of new AI agents that uniquely transform some of the most complex business processes in HR and Finance; such as recruiting, expense management and succession planning. Recruiter Agent is available now, Expenses Agent is expected to become available by the end of the year, and several more will soon follow. We believe Optimize Agent, which is coming out next year is going to be a true game-changer. It pinpoints bottlenecks, inefficiencies, and areas where processes aren't running as smoothly as they could be. The possibilities with this are endless, and I'm fired up about it. Beyond the agents Workday is delivering, we're collaborating with our partners to support agent to agent communication for employee self-service needs. Salesforce is a great example here. So is our recent partnership with Microsoft on its M365 Copilot Employee Self-Service Agent. We also updated Workday Assistant, with our GenAI copilot. Employees can use it to ask questions in natural language about anything from their pay and benefits to company policies, and get quick, personalized answers. More than 2,000 of our HCM customers are using the currently available Workday Assistant to improve efficiency, including one of our customers who has been able to cut down HR case volumes by almost 30%. We believe the new copilot will help drive even further increases in productivity, allowing employees and HR departments to focus on more strategic work. CIOs get super excited when we talk about Workday Assistant. Other solutions out there require organizations to take sensitive data, like payroll information, and move outside their core system. That's a big risk no one wants to take. With Workday, everything stays secure within our trusted platform. Continuing to accelerate our AI roadmap, we closed our acquisition of Evisort, a leading document intelligence platform. Consider this, over 80% of business data is unstructured, making it difficult to search, analyze, or use effectively. This includes critical information locked away in contracts, invoices, and policy documents, just to name a few. With Evisort's powerful AI, our customers can now unlock critical insights from this untapped data, empowering them to make faster, more informed business decisions. The strength of the Workday platform continues to draw interest from customers and partners alike. We've now got over 1,000 customers building their own custom applications on our Workday platform using Extend, making it one of our fastest-growing products ever. In fact, new ACV for Extend more than doubled within the quarter compared to last year. Extend Pro, which allows you to build AI-first apps with our AI Gateway and Developer co-pilot, is having an even greater impact, with its average selling price double that of Extend Essentials. Our partner ecosystem has grown nearly 5x in just 18 months and is more diverse than ever. Our partners are becoming increasingly critical to our growth, sourcing over 10% of our net new ACV in Q3, and a similar percentage of our new pipeline. Weve seen rapid adoption of our Built on Workday program, which we launched less than six months ago. We've already got over 40 partners on board, and partners like Kainos are generating revenue from it. At Rising, we announced Workday Wellness, which gives companies real-time insights into how their employees are using their benefits. This helps them design more tailored benefits programs right within Workday HCM to improve the overall employee experience. We're excited to have Guardian, The Hartford, Mutual of Omaha, and Unum already signed on as strategic partners. International growth continues to be one of Workdays most compelling opportunities. This past quarter, I spent time with customers and our amazing Workmates in the UK, Ireland, Germany, France, and Japan. The energy and excitement is incredible. In Q3, we formed a new strategic partnership with NTT Data, one of the most influential system integrators in Japan. And in APAC, we formed new relationships with Estia, a major Australian aged care provider, and Flight Centre, a leading Australian travel and leisure brand. We also expanded our footprint with United Overseas Bank, one of the largest banks in Singapore. Over in EMEA, we faced the same deal scrutiny weve called out the last few quarters, but we had our largest-ever public sector win with the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology in the UK. That's generating a lot of interest from other UK public agencies. We also had major wins with big enterprises like Decathlon in France and Goldbeck in Germany. And were gearing up for Rising EMEA in Amsterdam in just a few weeks. The relationships we're building around the world point to the significant long-term potential of our international business. While only 25% of our revenue comes from outside the US today, we're laying the groundwork for something much bigger. Before I wrap up, I wanted to give you a quick update on the team. We recently announced that Doug Robinson, who has been an incredible leader over the past 14 years, will be retiring at the end of the fiscal year. I cant thank Doug enough for the tremendous impact hes had on Workday. Were excited to have him continue in an advisor role to the company. With Doug's retirement, I'm thrilled to welcome Rob Enslin to Workday as our new President, Chief Commercial Officer. Workday continues to be a magnet for great talent and Rob is another great example. Hes a world-class executive with 30 years of experience in the enterprise space. He brings fantastic customer and partner relationships and a proven track record of success. He's the perfect person to lead our go-to-market efforts as we move into our next phase of growth. As you can see, it was a busy quarter. We have a clear target between now and FY27 of driving mid-teens subscription revenue growth, while expanding non-GAAP operating margins to 30%. We plan to achieve this by continuing to innovate and take share in our core markets, while also streamlining operations across the company. But what really excites me is the opportunity we have ahead of us, as we lead our customers through the AI revolution and help them transform their organizations for the future of work. I'm incredibly grateful to my Workmates for their contributions this quarter. With our amazing culture, continuous innovation, and the trust of our customers, Workday is in a fantastic position to drive sustainable, profitable growth at scale. Thanks again, and to those of you joining us in the US, Happy Thanksgiving! With that, Ill hand it over to Zane.
Zane Rowe : Thanks, Carl. And thank you to everyone for joining todays call. In Q3, we continued to make progress across a number of our key growth areas, as we lay the foundation for durable, profitable growth at scale. Subscription revenue in the third quarter was $1.959 billion, up 16%. Professional services revenue was $201 million, resulting in total revenue of $2.160 billion, growth of 16%. US revenue in Q3 totaled $1.62 billion, and international revenue totaled $537 million, both growing 16%. 12-month subscription revenue backlog, or cRPO, was $6.98 billion at the end of Q3, increasing 15%. Total subscription revenue backlog at the end of the quarter was $22.19 billion, up 20%. Gross revenue retention rates remained strong at 98%. Our non-GAAP operating income for the third quarter was $569 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 26.3%. Q3 operating cash flow was $406 million, in-line with our expectations though down year-over-year, impacted by the stronger than expected collections activity we called out in Q2. During the quarter, we repurchased $157 million of our shares at an average price of $242.42 per share. We had $902 million in remaining authorization under our buyback program as of quarter end. We ended Q3 with $7.2 billion in cash and marketable securities. As of October 31st, headcount stood at nearly 20,500 workmates around the globe, as we continue to hire talent across targeted growth areas. A few of our strategic wins in Q3, have future product deliverables in FY26. This slightly impacts our near-term results, as these wins wont fully benefit subscription revenue until next year. We expect Q4 FY25 subscription revenue to be $2.025 billion, growth of 15%, and full-year subscription revenue of $7.703 billion, an increase of 17%. We expect Q4 cRPO growth to be between 13.5% and 14.5%. We expect Q4 professional services revenue of approximately $155 million, resulting in full year professional services revenue of $712 million. We continue to balance targeted investments in key growth areas with increased focus on companywide efficiencies. As a result, we are raising our FY25 non-GAAP operating margin guidance to 25.5%, and we anticipate a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 25% in Q4. GAAP operating margin for both fourth quarter and full year is expected to be approximately 20 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP rate. The estimated FY25 non-GAAP tax rate remains at 19%. We are maintaining our FY25 operating cash flow expectations of $2.350 billion, and we now expect capital expenditures of approximately $300 million. We are making good progress across our key growth initiatives, in particular with our partner ecosystem and developing AI opportunities, supporting our medium-term target of mid-teens growth. As an early view, we anticipate FY26 subscription revenue of approximately $8.8 billion, or about 14% growth. We expect our first quarter subscription revenue growth to be slightly lower than our overall growth rate for FY26. This is largely due to the impact of the leap year, which creates just over a one point headwind to Q1 subscription revenue growth. We expect a slightly higher growth rate in the second half, driven in part by emerging AI opportunities and deliverables tied to strategic wins from the third quarter which I referenced earlier. We are investing for growth, while at the same time focused on driving efficiencies across the business. This includes the continued expansion of our global workforce, integrating AI across the company, and improving processes and systems. We expect FY26 non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 27.5%, as we demonstrate progress towards long-term margin expansion. In addition, we are actively managing share-based compensation expense, and expect it to continue trending lower as a percentage of revenue. As we enter Q4, we are focused on executing for both the short and long-term, as we build the foundation for durable topline growth and margin accretion. With that, I'll turn it back over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Kirk Materne, Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Kirk Materne: Yes. Thanks very much. Zane, I was wondering, can you just talk a little bit more about the deliverable issue in the Q4? And how much of that is also weighing on, I realize it's a preliminary guide for fiscal 2026, but how much of that plays into that guide relative to sort of the mid-teens guide you guys have talked about for fiscal 2027? Can you just provide a little bit more color on that as -- and maybe when that came about just because I think people are obviously concerned it's more directional in nature than perhaps one time in nature? Thanks.
Zane Rowe: Yes, sure Kirk. Happy to start on that and then I'm sure Carl add some comments afterwards. There were a number of key strategic deals in the third quarter, that as I mentioned had some product deliverables or otherwise we saw revenue recognition a little bit later on. We expect it to ramp up through the course of next year. If you think about our outlook for the fourth quarter, it would put us roughly in the midpoint of our original guidance for the year. So I'd say approximately $8 million to $10 million of impact in the fourth quarter, if you think about sort of the actual deal, were we to recognize revenue as we have historically. And then on a sort of second half of FY26 basis, if you look at that on a year-over-year basis, it would contribute to I'd say approximately half a point on that growth. As I mentioned, obviously in Q1, we lap the leap year and that's about a point of growth heading into Q1. And we still believe there'll be a nice build through the course of FY26. But we definitely see the impact of the revenue recognition impacting this part of the business. I'll point out these are key strategic deals and there's obviously a fair amount of product that aligns with those and that's the point at which we can recognize that revenue. But we're very excited about the momentum in this area and expect these and others to continue to grow beyond FY26. Carl, let you add to that.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, I think what's really important Kirk is to recognize the strategic importance of a deal like DIA or Defense Intelligence Agency. We have to go out and build a platform for the federal government with different levels of security and we're doing so and we can't recognize revenue on those opportunities until we can deliver it to the government. But these are critical wins for us and it's actually driving demand for us in the federal government as people recognize Workday is really pushing hard into that market. The other one is wellness, Workday Wellness. It's another critical platform for us to engage with our wellness partners and for them to integrate into the Workday platform, and we're building that out as well. So, while we signed a number of key partners like Guardian, The Hartford, Mutual of Omaha and Unum, they're ready to build on that platform. It's just not able to be delivered yet, which taints our revenue recognition for the next year.
Kirk Materne: If I can ask a quick follow-up just on Rob's appointment, Carl. I assume that Rob's on-board. You you've made a lot of changes since you came on board. I assume you and Rob are thinking in the same way, so that as we start next year, there's not necessarily any kind of sort of restart or reshuffling of the decks in terms of your partner strategy, et cetera.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, thanks for the question. No, I've known Rob for probably 25 or 30 years. I'm sorry I'm showing our age, but we've been around the industry for a long time. We grew up in the industry and I have a tremendous amount of respect for him. I think his background, his experience fits us nicely, especially when you think about what we're doing in international. Rob's lived in Japan, he's lived all over Europe, he started SAP business in China like he's just a tremendous asset for us to pick up and we're going to be very sad that we'll be passing the baton as Doug steps aside. But we also have almost six months of overlap between Doug and Rob. So I don't expect any impact at all to how we're running the business or how we're thinking about the future of our go-to-market strategy. In fact, if you think about Rob, because he spent so many years at SAP, there's not a single partner that Workday has today that Rob doesn't already have relationships with. So it's a great hire for us. We're super excited and energized he's joining the team, and I think he'll bring a great outlook for the future to us.
Kirk Materne: Thanks, Carl. Happy Thanksgiving, guys.
Carl Eschenbach: Thanks, Kirk.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Murphy, JPMorgan.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much. Carl, there was a comment at the Analyst Day that the US Federal business is reaching an inflection point and, I understand you closed a defense agency in Q3, but I'm curious how those agencies might be interpreting, if you've heard anything, the stated plans of this Department of Government efficiency to try to strip $2 trillion in spending out? We're getting a lot of questions on that. And whether you think that -- that might be impacting any of their budgeting spending behavior going into next year? And I have a quick follow-up.
Carl Eschenbach: Sure, Mark. So I'll start. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're really focusing on the federal government going forward. We think there's a huge opportunity there with probably more than 80% of HCM and ERP still on premises that hasn't moved to the cloud. And we think we're catching it at an inflection point right now, which is why we're investing so heavily in building out a secure platform. At the same time, post-election and with Doge coming out, people are absolutely looking to drive more economies of scale and more efficiency. And I can tell you supporting these on premises antiquated systems is not a way to do that. So we think this will only be a tailwind for us as we think about the federal government business going forward.
Mark Murphy: Okay. That's great to hear. And then Zane, as a quick follow-up, I'm also wondering, subsequent to the interest rate cuts and moving past the US Election, is there any possibility you might have detected stabilization or any uptick in any employment indicators in your customer base? I know I think generally it's been kind of sluggish and moving sideways, but I wasn't sure if you might have seen any recent renewals where any of that feels different than it did a couple of quarters ago or even any payroll runs without any of that data might look different?
Zane Rowe: Yes, sure Mark. As we mentioned early in the year, it was more a moderation of expectations and what we saw early in the year. I'm pleased to say we haven't seen any further downtick. In fact, it has moderated. We haven't necessarily seen significant improvement either. So I think it's within our expectations as we plan ahead, but always welcome the enthusiasm around where interest rates may go and obviously the conviction around growth in business is always good for our business. So we take that, although I would caution right now we still believe that especially in certain areas around the globe and we're a global business that we are still impacted in increased deal scrutiny. All that being said, we're very pleased with the momentum we've seen through the quarter and look forward to continuing that into next year. But no significant change in impact or outlook from what we've experienced through the course of the year.
Mark Murphy: Okay. Well understood. Thank you very much.
Carl Eschenbach: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kash Rangan, Goldman Sachs.
Kash Rangan: Carl, with, Rob joining you guys, you're going to be outnumbered with Rob and Zane, and you're going to have to learn cricket. So if you need a primer, please let me know.
Zane Rowe: Yeah. That's right, Kash.
Carl Eschenbach: I may take you up on that, Kash, but I know a little bit about cricket, and I really enjoy it. Only when they're the shorter matches though.
Kash Rangan: [T20] (ph). That's it. Great. So moving on to business, it's good to see the company reiterate, the 15% growth rate, compounding in fiscal 26 and 27. I'm curious, what do you make -- as the numbers get bigger, it -- I guess, the margin becomes a little bit harder to maintain the same growth rate. So are we building in any inflection point with AI monetization or core getting better perhaps in 26 and 27? Give us a recap of why you still feel confident with these numbers, over the next couple of years. Thank you so much. And that's it for me.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks so much, Kash, for the question. And let me give you a couple of salient points that I think reflect the conviction and confidence we have in our mid-teen guide over the next couple of years, while being able to expand operating margins. So number one, we had a really solid Q3 after delivering a solid Q2. We had our Rising Conference, which you attended back in September, at which we launched the Workday Illuminate, which is our next generation AI platform. And I can tell you the excitement we felt at the conference continued throughout the quarter. We tried to highlight that with a number of points around our AI momentum, including our Recruiter product, which we had more logos in the quarter in Q3 than we did in the 12 years prior that they were running the business. We also saw an uptick in selling back to the base our AI solutions. More than 30% of our sales back to our customer base included one of our AI solutions, which is our Recruiter Agent, Talent Optimization, along with our Extend Pro platform. So we are absolutely seeing momentum in the business when it comes to AI. If you combine that then Kash with all the things we've been working on over the last few years, like our focus on building out our partner ecosystem, our focus on building out our opportunity in the US Federal Government, our continued focus on industries, our focus on pushing a platform along with full suite sales, which in this quarter I think I had in my prepared remarks, more than 35% of our net new lands included full suite solutions. And then you just continue what we're doing is we move down market into the medium enterprise. We feel very confident in our ability to maintain that mid-teens growth over the next couple of years. And as you think about the guide we gave you for FY26, let's remember we got a big quarter here in Q4 we got to nail. We're focused on nailing this quarter. We have a really strong pipeline, as it relates to Q4. And I'm confident we'll be able to deliver against our current guide for the quarter and then we'll update you further on our FY26 number, during our Q4 earnings call.
Zane Rowe: Kash, I would just add, obviously we have a lot of momentum and conviction on the work that's been done including the strategic deals that we've already closed where we expect to see that revenue into next year. And point out obviously we have line-of-sight into approximately $8.8 billion and as Carl said more to come and we'll update you again next quarter on more details there.
Kash Rangan: Thank you, Zane and Carl. Happy Thanksgiving.
Carl Eschenbach: Thanks, Kash.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Turrin, Wells Fargo.
Carl Eschenbach: Hello, Michael, you there?
Michael Turrin: Sorry, I was on mute, the old unmute trick, apologies for that.
Carl Eschenbach: That's okay.
Michael Turrin: Given there's a few moving pieces you're contemplating and it's not that -- that's not the case across software, maybe if you could add some more context and what informs the Q4 guide given just a bigger seasonal profile for Workday there. Any commentary and if there's any FX impact or other layers to consider and anything you can just add around how that close to the year, could inform your views on the trade-off between growth and margin into next year as it all progresses is helpful. Thank you.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks, Michael. We have a solid pipeline coming into Q4. One that is reflected in the guide that we did give you for the quarter. We also, as I said we have a lot of momentum in the business right now, especially when you think about some of our AI solutions like the Recruiter Agent, what we're doing with Talent Optimization and Extend Pro. I mean, in the quarter, selling back into our customer base where 30% of our deals now include an AI SKU is a pretty rapid uptake of these technologies. And what's really interesting is that our customers are willing to pay for these solutions because they have tangible ROI that they can get from these products. So it's the momentum, it's the pipeline. It's the large deals that we have in the quarter. And as you always know, Q4 is historically the largest quarter of the year for us, and I don't think it will be any different this quarter as well.
Zane Rowe: Yes, Michael, I would just add obviously, we feel good about the cRPO. It's just one of the elements we look at the growth that we saw in the third quarter, we believe positions us well exceeding our expected range by a number of basis points. So we feel good about the setup. FX is an impact, but obviously, where the majority of our business is still US base, so we don't see it as being that significant this close into the fourth quarter. So we still feel good about the guide and the outlook for the quarter. And then we are always balancing that top-line growth opportunity with margin. We've done, I think, a good job over the last number of years in thinking about people, process and systems, and we'll continue to focus on efficiencies and continuing to scale the business. So we feel great about the margin outlook not only for the remainder of this year, but into next year and beyond that as we grow margins beyond 30% over the next two years.
Michael Turrin: Thanks very much.
Zane Rowe: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brad Zelnick, Deutsche Bank.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thank you so much. Guys, it's really great to hear about many of the strategic wins, seeing the partner leverage shining through. But I wanted to ask about Europe, where frankly, we picked up some mixed things in talking to partners. Can you just talk a little bit about what's happening there in that theater? And if you could distinguish between environment and execution and any more granularity would be helpful. Thank you.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks for the question, Brad. So let me start with the thesis. That has not changed, and that is 50% of the addressable market for Workday is outside the US. That has not changed. Yes, while we have seen some headwinds in the economy, specifically, if you will in EMEA, and I think a lot of people have called that out, our business still remains intact. Our leadership team is stronger than ever. And at the same time, when people do ultimately make a decision on a large transformational opportunity, whether it's HCM or Financials or both, we are winning a significant portion of those deals. Our win rate in Europe when these customers do decide to go forward is very strong. So while there are some headwinds, we can't control that, obviously. What we can control is continuing to innovate, continuing to work with our customers and prospects, so that when they do make a decision to do a transformational project, we are continuing the win rates that we've seen over the last couple of quarters. I'm very confident in what we're doing in Europe and the opportunity ahead.
Brad Zelnick: Excellent, thank so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Sills, Bank of America.
Brad Sills: Hello, great. Thank you so much. I wanted to ask a question around some of the strengths you're seeing in government and higher ed. Obviously, this has been going on for quite some time, and you cited some platform deals there that are going well. Just curious, what's working in that vertical? Is there a certain application that you found that is really driving that kind of combined Fins plus HCM glue, if you will? And are there others that are kind of up and coming that we should be thinking about that might become the next source of strength across the verticals?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks for the question, Brad. I think historically, we've always had a pretty damn strong business in both government, state and local government and higher ed. In this quarter, we called out that 90% of our wins this quarter included full suite and full platforms. So when you're dealing with the state and local government or even the federal government and then you do it in higher ed, these people have a tendency to make a decision for full platform, full suite at the same time. I also think because of the student product that continues to gain momentum in higher ed, it gives us an advantage over the competition. The one we also called out that performed quite well, it didn't have the exact growth rate we've had over the last couple of quarters that we've called out is health care. We continue to win in health care. In fact, I think it was probably the largest deal on the table over the last 12 months in the health care market, CommonSpirit. We were able to win that which is a testament to -- not only our platform, both our HCM and Financials, but it's also our supply chain product as well. So I think these are three industry verticals we'll continue to have momentum because they look at full suite and in certain industries, we have products like student for higher ed and then we have supply chain for health care.
Brad Sills: Wonderful, thanks Carl.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Karl Keirstead, UBS.
Karl Keirstead: Okay, great. Thanks. Maybe Zane, a couple for you on the outlook for next year. Just first of all, on Q1, you mentioned that it will likely be sub 14%. So that would be, call it, a 150-plus bps decel from the second half this year. Typically, it doesn't fall that quickly. So it seems to me there must be some -- maybe some onetime issues there. Maybe you could unpack the Q1 performance that you expect? And then secondly, on the second half acceleration, I'm just curious, you had mentioned it's a function of the strategic wins finally ramping, but also emerging AI. Are you able to rank order, which is the bigger driver of that second half acceleration? And if it is AI, maybe help us get a little visibility into what you're seeing to give you the confidence that you can monetize second half next year? Thank you.
Zane Rowe: Sure. Yes, let me start with Q1. I highlighted that obviously, we have the leap year compare, which was about 1 point. We haven't given any linearity or any more detail into FY26, Carl, other than to mention that, obviously, we see the pressure there in Q1. And obviously, it will build through the course of FY26. Yes, as it relates to AI, and the strategic wins. This is a small part of, obviously, the [$8.8 billion] (ph). I just wanted to highlight on the strategic wins that as we recognize it, we expect to see 0.5 point of improvement just related to those deals for the second half. So we do expect to see slightly higher growth in the back half. And then I'll let Carl talk about some of the momentum and what we're seeing on the AI front through the course of FY26.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. So Karl, a couple of things on AI. Remember that we just closed earlier this year, the acquisition of HiredScore and we highlighted some of the success we had in Q3, selling the Recruiter Agent back into our customer base. That typically gets sold back into customers who have our recruiting platform. That's 4,000-plus strong. So we're only in the low single digits of penetration or attach rate to our existing customer base to sell, for example our Recruiter Agent. When you couple that with the momentum we're seeing around Talent Optimization, which is an internal workforce mobility AI platform and things like Extend Pro, which has an AI API gateway and a Copilot for developers to write and build applications on top of us, these are all indications that the customers are seeking AI solutions from Workday. And then later this year and into next year, we have three new agents that will come out. We'll have an Expense Agent. We'll have a Successor Agent, and we'll have an Optimized Agent. These are all agents that will bring to market that are built deep into the core of Workday. The data doesn't have to be extracted. It stays within the core of the platform, which is different than most AI solutions out there and we think they are going to have a nice impact on bookings and revenue as we go into the new year. So the momentum is there. We see it building. Customers are willing to pay for our AI solutions. And I didn't even mention oh, by the way, Evisort, which is an AI platform for scanning and looking at documents, especially in the unstructured world the data we live in today. That's very powerful and we're excited with the early indications and sign that, that's driving to.
Karl Keirstead: Okay, great. That color is helpful. Thank you both.
Carl Eschenbach: Thanks Karl.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brent Thill, Jefferies.
Brent Thill: Thanks. Zane, on the guide, are you taking the same methodology as you've had before? Or are you injecting a little more conservatism given the guidance had to be walked down a few times now. Everyone's asking a new guide or kind of the same pipe that you're looking at? You -- can you give us any color on that methodology?
Zane Rowe: Sure. Yes, Brent, thanks for the reminder. Yes, I would say look, this is our current line of sight as we look at FY26. For that reason, we didn't want to give sort of a broader range as we roll up now, we are confident in approximately $8.8 billion, as I mentioned. We're very excited but we think it is still early days in a number of these AI opportunities in particular. And also, I wanted to highlight just that -- this is first off, an early look. And then as we look to next year, we have the leap year overlap. And in the second half, we've already closed a number of transactions that will impact the growth rate heading into the second half of next year. But we'll leave it there and obviously look forward to providing more color next quarter as we lay out FY26 in more detail. But we feel good about the initial guidance, but that's what it is. It's just an initial look.
Brent Thill: Okay. Great. And then quickly for Carl. With Rob coming on, there have been a lot of questions about is impact usually when you bring someone new in at his caliber, there tend to be changes. And I know you've already made a lot of proactive positive changes for the go-to-market. But how do you kind of give confidence to investors that or there's -- not another way turbulence that comes through with another go-to-market [exec] (ph)? How do you -- how should we think about that?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks for the question. I am very confident that we're not going to have any negative impact with Rob joining. It's all going to be positive because of his experience and his knowledge of the industry. I also believe we have enough overlap with Doug for the next six months, we will be sticking around and ensuring that it's a smooth transition. So I'm not nervous at all about any impact from him joining the team and think -- in fact, I know it's only net positives from here.
Brent Thill: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take two more questions. And our next question comes from Raimo Lenschow, Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you. Can I go back to the AI question for the acceleration for the next half. Carl, how is your thinking in terms of monetization changing in industry? If you think about a lot of players in [Eurospace] (ph) are kind of seeing it more as a -- as an add-on solution, as a kind of bundled add-on solution that is coming in there, how do you make sure you kind of get paid for those solutions?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks for the question. As we've stated in the past, we take a multipronged approach to AI monetization. It starts with, number one, when we meet with customers or prospects, they truly believe that an investment in Workday, is an investment in their AI strategies and that gets reflected for us in our customer win rates on new opportunities, our expansion rates with our existing customers and our renewal rates, as well as our customer satisfaction. And a lot of times, our customers are leaning into us with a core platform that already has a whole bunch of AI built into it. It's not bolted-on. At the same point, as we bring new solutions to market, like Recruiter Agent, it's a great example where customers are willing to pay us for that platform. Our customers are seeing upwards of 30% productivity gain in the recruiters, which is significant when you think about recruiting being one of your biggest costs associated with HR. So our customers are willing to pay for it and we monetize it. Another example is Talent Optimization, where we have over 3,000 customers using it to drive internal mobility and reduce attrition. And then lastly, our current example of Extend Pro, how people are leaning into it and buying it. It's actually a significant uplift from our Extend Essentials platform, and people are paying us for it as well. And as we bring out new products and new agents, like I said earlier, we're going to bring out an Expense Agent, a Successor Agent, as well as an Optimized Agent, we're going to be pricing them based on the impact and the values our customer gets. So I think we have a good strategy around AI monetization. And I think it is going to continue to help drive a sustainable growth over time.
Raimo Lenschow: Okay. Perfect. And then, Carl, one for you -- Zane, sorry, one for you. On the cash flow side, you kind of didn't change the cash flow guidance. Can you talk a little bit about the puts and takes like this quarter and what drove the guidance decision? Thank you.
Zane Rowe: Raimo, we mentioned last quarter that collections came in really strong. So if you balance out the two quarters that gets you back to a more normalized rate. And if you recall for this fiscal year, weve also mentioned that we had an additional pay period, which actually comes into the fourth quarter. So a lot of this is expected. We haven't changed our guide for some time, obviously, for FY25. You may recall as well, we had sizable collections last fiscal year, which impacted FY25, and we called that out early in the year as well. So I feel really good about OCF generation through the course of the year and in-line with our expectations, even though I understand that you're picking up on the variability we saw in Q3, we were off about 10%. But net-net, we feel good about OCF.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect. Thank you.
Zane Rowe: Thanks Raimo.
Operator: And our final question comes from Alex Zukin, Wolfe Research.
Alex Zukin: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I want to -- maybe just the first one on the quarter itself. Your quarter ended during a pretty anxious time in the marketplace. And I'm wondering if the election either caused any kind of late minute deal slippage, or just incremental friction, in the quarter itself that maybe unwound, if you will post. And maybe comment both on that. And the conversation with customers as we're coming out of it, you got asked the question on the federal vertical, obviously, in Doge. But any other verticals that you feel incrementally more positive about would also be interesting. And I have a quick follow-up.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Hi Alex, thanks for the question. Listen, we were pleased with our execution in Q3 and the results were in-line with our expectations that we had internally. We had a good bookings quarter. We closed a number of significant deals and we saw tremendous momentum on AI. So what I would say is we're happy to have the election behind us for any distractions that it may created. It's good to have that behind us. But we didn't see any impact one way or the other in the quarter, or any change in deal scrutiny or anything else. It was pretty consistent both pre-election and post-election.
Alex Zukin: Perfect. And then as we think about the deliverables, kind of taking a little bit of a change of pace in terms of [online] (ph) for the impact to numbers. Was that a -- was that a surprise in terms of you were able to sign these larger deals, and you knew you were going to sign them, but you didn't necessarily know that they would ask for these incremental things and -- or you -- help us understand that because it's the first time we're kind of hearing of this thing, if you will, impacting the quarter really for any of the companies, at least that I cover. So I'd love to just understand a little bit was the mechanics and logistics of this issue?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, Alex as you get into a number of these strategic deals. They're obviously deliverables, and in some case, you recognize revenue sooner in some cases later. Just so happened that these two were later. As it -- whether or not it was a surprise, obviously, we've been working these for some period of time. And you traditionally look at the accounting and everything that you have to produce through the course of the negotiation. So obviously, if you had perfect line of sight into these, you may have either structure them differently or there may be some different elements to it, but we feel very good about these transactions. They are incredibly strategic. I just wanted to call it out, as one of the elements as we went into -- as we looked out at Q4 and into FY '26. They together were large enough where they had an impact on our revenue. And to your point, traditionally you recognize revenue shortly after signing, but we are encouraged by the nature of these types of transactions. They're very strategic. We expect them to grow significantly over a number of years. So we're very excited about them. Again, I wouldn't read too much into it. It's just one part of the business that we just decided to call out this quarter.
Alex Zukin: So it doesn't -- basically, it doesn't change the ACV. It's just a timing element that maybe moves a little bit to the latter period?
Carl Eschenbach: Correct. I mean, in some cases, you can't necessarily capture the cRPO element because of the nature of the deal. But yes, it's just a timing element. That's exactly right.
Alex Zukin: Perfect. Thank you guys.
Carl Eschenbach: Thanks Alex.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. I'll now turn it over to Mr. Eschenbach for final comments.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you, operator, and thank you again for everyone for joining our call today. Before we go, I'd like to thank our Workmates, our customers and partners around the world who continue to fuel Workday success. We continue to believe Workday can be amongst the most enduring and profitable software business of our time. Were focused on driving durable growth at scale and expanding operating margins and we once again achieved this in Q3, all while executing on our platform strategy to deliver the worlds best AI solutions for our customers. Thanks again. And to those of you in the US, happy Thanksgiving. With that, Ill turn it back to the operator to close out the call. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2025 Q2  (2024-08-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Fiscal 2025 Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and answer session toward the end of the call. During the Q&A, please limit your questions to one. I will now hand it over to Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Justin Furby: Thank you, Operator. Welcome to Workdays second quarter fiscal 2025 earnings conference call. On the call we have Carl Eschenbach, our CEO; Zane Rowe, our CFO; Doug Robinson, our Co-President; and David Somers, our Chief Product Officer. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today, and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workdays performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release, in our investor presentation, and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Additionally, the transcript of this call and our quarterly investor presentation will be posted on our Investor Relations website following this call. Also, the Customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our third quarter fiscal 2025 quiet period begins on October 15th, 2024. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2024. With that, I will hand the call over to Carl.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you, Justin. And thank you all for joining us today. Im pleased to report that Workday delivered another solid quarter, highlighted by 17% subscription revenue growth, 16% 12-month backlog growth, and 25% non-GAAP operating margin. Though we continued to experience deal scrutiny and moderated headcount growth within our customer base, our win rates remain high and our teams delivered a very solid Q2. I couldnt be prouder of our Workmates and partners for their continued focus on driving customer value and success. Right now, companies are focusing their investments on the areas that will help them increase productivity and improve their operations. Workday gives them the ultimate advantage. We help them manage their two most fundamental elements of their business, their people and their money, all on a unified, AI-powered platform. Workday empowers businesses to increase productivity, deliver incredible employee experience, and drive greater efficiencies across finance. And because all our products are built on the foundation of our platform, our customers can unlock value faster and reduce total cost of ownership. This is evident in the healthy growth were seeing in full suite wins and in our balance of net-new relationships and customer expansions. It's also contributing to our momentum, which helped us debut on the prestigious Fortune 500 list in Q2. We couldnt be prouder to be amongst the largest, most influential companies in the US, with more than 60% of them being Workday customers. Businesses of all sizes, industries and geographies increasingly turn to Workday as their trusted partner. In Q2, we expanded with J.B. Hunt, Nissan, Target, and Trinity Health, and we formed new relationships with Lam Research, the City of Cleveland, Colorado State University System, and Johns Hopkins, among many others. We strengthened our leadership in the HCM market globally, with key wins including GE Vernova, First Bus, Sunrise Senior Living, along with several notable wins in EMEA and APAC. And our continued investment in Financials is helping us drive momentum across the platform. In Q2, we officially crossed the 2,000 customer milestone in Workday Financial Management. And, Workday was ranked the market share leader for Worldwide SaaS ERP revenue in 2023 by Gartner research. From an industry perspective, we had a banner quarter in our longest-standing vertical, Higher Education. Leading institutions including Florida A&M, the University of Mississippi, and Clemson University all selected Workdays full suite in Q2. Clemson started as a Workday Adaptive Planning customer and added HCM and Financial Management in the quarter. The partnership with Workday represents a significant milestone in their transformation journey to modernize systems and improve experiences for faculty, staff, and students. We once again had strong momentum in Healthcare with full-suite wins at Grady Health System, Reid Health, and Childrens National Medical Center. Our success in state and local government continued in Q2 as well, with wins at Delaware County, County of San Joaquin, and Santa Cruz County. I also want to call out the expansion momentum were seeing with VNDLY and our ability to deliver a complete workforce management solution, spanning salaried employees to hourly, contingent, freelance, and outsourced workers. Cushman & Wakefield, Lowes, and Ryder Truck all added VNDLY in Q2. Beyond the wins, we celebrate when our customers go live on our platform. AutoNation, Barclays, CDW, Cross Country Mortgage, Forvis Mazars, and Texas Roadhouse all successfully deployed on Workday in Q2. Global growth continues to be a massive opportunity for Workday, and we had a strong performance in APAC and Japan regions in Q2, along with several strategic wins in EMEA. In Australia, Workday was accepted to the government's Digital Transformation Agency Software Marketplace for ERP, opening new opportunities with federal agencies. We also expanded our business with a Ministry in New Zealand and had a full-suite win at Kelsian Group Limited. Were setting a strong foundation for our business in Japan, which performed very well in Q2. We formed new relationships with Terumo Corporation and Shizen Energy and expanded our business with Tokyo Electron. In Europe, we experienced the same deal scrutiny I discussed in Q1, but the team was able to deliver more large deals than last quarter including Emeis, Saint-Gobain, and Groupe Atlantic Synergy. Additionally, our Elevate events across the region in Q2 outperformed our pipeline expectations, and our partner momentum is building in key markets across EMEA. In fact, two of the largest deals we closed in the region were sourced from partners. We innovate to drive customer success and deliver true business value, and thats why customers are coming to Workday for our AI innovation. They want to partner and theyre looking to us to lead them into the future. Workday AI is fueled by the quality and quantity of our data set and Workdays understanding of our customers HR and finance processes. We now have more than 70 million users under contract conducting more than 800 billion transactions on the Workday platform annually. This data and the context behind it gives us the ability to unlock productivity in a way no other company can. In Q2, we announced new AI innovations to help our customers hire the right talent better and faster than ever before. For instance, our new AI capabilities in our HCM product identify emerging skills and simplify job profile management to accelerate skills-based talent strategies. Just one quarter after closing the HiredScore acquisition, we made HiredScore AI for Recruiting and HiredScore AI for Talent Mobility available for purchase under one unified contract. The HiredScore team is off to a great start, and were continuing to build pipeline across our recruiting customers. And what better validation than this quote from our customer at Southwest Airlines, who called HiredScore a game changer thats setting new standards in talent management. Through the power of our platform, were enabling AI innovation not only from Workday, but from our customers and partners as well. In Q2, at our annual developer conference, we launched new APIs in our AI Gateway. We also introduced Workday Extend Developer Copilot, leveraging Gen AI to help developers to build custom applications on our platform, faster than ever before. Extend remains one of our fastest growing SKUs. New ACV increased more than 75% in Q2, driven by Extend Pro, which taps into the power of Workday AI. Many of our customers are already realizing incredible value from Workday AI. For example, a HiredScore for Talent Mobility customer saw a 40% increase in internal application rates. For one of our entertainment customers, invoice automation is driving a 70% plus increase in processing capabilities. And for another customer, our Talent Optimization product, which is one of our fastest growing SKUs, helped reduce turnover by 39%. And the list goes on, but were just scratching the surface. The industry has been focusing on fitting AI into how we work now, not on what work should look like next. We see an opportunity to exponentially increase the value to our customers by reimagining end-to-end HR and Finance processes through the power of AI. At Workday Rising, we will introduce the next generation of AI to illuminate the future of work. For the past 10 years, weve been building towards this vision. And were excited to showcase Workday innovations that will not only accelerate how work gets done, but ultimately transform how customers run their businesses. Were expecting more than 30,000 virtual and in-person attendees at Rising this year, our biggest event yet. In addition to unveiling our AI vision, well also showcase new innovations across our applications, platform, and user experience. I mentioned before that our partner ecosystem is a powerful driver of customer success and it continues to grow in both breadth and depth. In Q2, partner contributions to new ACV more than doubled from last quarter, and partners had another record quarter of pipeline generation. And were just getting started. In the quarter, we launched Built on Workday to make it easy for our partners to build, distribute and monetize their applications on the Workday Platform. Our longstanding partner Kainos was among the first to lean into this new program, with several more partners already active early adopters. We continue to open the aperture to partners as a driver of both sales and innovation, and in Q2 we announced new partnerships that will help us deliver even greater value. Our partnership with Salesforce is a perfect example. Whether its accelerating employee onboarding, enabling continuous financial planning, or closing deals faster, our partnership is bringing humans and AI together to drive success for employees and customers. And its all made possible by bringing together the most important datasets in the enterprise. And today, we are announcing a new Employment Verification Connector for Equifax, making it easier for customers to transmit data for employment verification requests. As you can see, it was a big quarter for our ecosystem and we are looking forward to continuing this momentum in partner-led growth. Before I turn it over to Zane, Id like to update you on how were planning for the medium term. We continue to build Workday as a durable business with balanced growth and margin expansion, something Ive been saying since I joined the company nearly two years ago. Our key growth areas are already paying off and creating momentum for our future. They amplify our opportunity to bring in new customers, and to expand our footprint with existing customers. Over the past year, weve been able to see how our growth areas are developing, particularly in the current selling environment. And, weve identified opportunities to drive efficiencies across the business. In light of this, were making some adjustments to our medium-term plans, including a slightly moderated pace of subscription revenue growth balanced with accelerated margin expansion. Our revised medium-term outlook reflects the confidence we have to drive durable, profitable growth at scale. Were focused on continuing to gain share in our core markets of HR and Finance, while delivering strong operating income growth and continuing to innovate for our customers and partners. I couldnt be more excited and energized about the opportunity ahead, and we are thrilled to have you on the ride with us. With that, Ill turn it over to Zane.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Carl. And thank you to everyone for joining todays call. Our Q2 performance was slightly ahead of our expectations across all key metrics. Subscription revenue in the second quarter was $1.903 billion, up 17%. Professional services revenue was $182 million in the quarter, leading to total revenue in Q2 of $2.085 billion, also growth of 17%. US revenue in Q2 totaled $1.56 billion, up 16%, and international revenue totaled $524 million, growing 18%. 12-month subscription revenue backlog, or cRPO, was $6.80 billion at the end of Q2, representing growth of 16%. The year-over-year growth rate was impacted by the strength in last years renewal activity, including early renewals. Gross and net revenue retention rates remain strong at over 95%, and over 100%, respectively. Total subscription revenue backlog at the end of the quarter was $21.58 billion, up 21%. Our non-GAAP operating income for the second quarter was $518 million, resulting in a non- GAAP operating margin of 24.9%. Q2 operating cash flow was $571 million, growing 34%, driven by strong collections. We accelerated the pace of our buyback in Q2, repurchasing $309 million of our shares at an average price of $223.10 per share. With our existing $500 million buyback authorization nearing completion, our Board has authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program. We remain committed to investing in organic growth, pursuing strategic M&A opportunities, and managing dilution while returning excess capital to shareholders via share repurchases. We ended the quarter with $7.4 billion in cash and marketable securities. As of July 31, headcount stood at over 19,900 workmates around the globe Now turning to guidance. As Carl indicated, we continue to see the macro environment consistent with our last quarter, including moderated headcount growth within our customer base - and as we discussed last quarter, we expect these trends to continue. We are reiterating our full-year FY 25 subscription revenue guidance of $7.700 billion to $7.725 billion, growth of approximately 17%. We expect Q3 FY 25 subscription revenue to be $1.955 billion, growth of 16%. We expect FY 25 professional services revenue of approximately $680 million to $690 million, driven by customer demand. For Q3, we expect professional services revenue of $175 million. Turning to backlog. In Q3, we expect cRPO growth also to be impacted by last years strong early renewal activity. As a reminder, last year the gap between cRPO growth and subscription revenue growth was roughly four percentage points in Q3. As we lap the strong renewal activity from last year, we expect cRPO growth of 14% to 15% for Q3. While the growth rate is impacted by the timing of renewals, the aggregate cRPO level supports our view of subscription revenue growth of approximately 16% for the second half of the year. We continue to balance both targeted investments in key growth areas with increased focus on end-to-end companywide efficiencies and transformation. We now expect FY 25 non-GAAP operating margin of 25.25%. For Q3, we also expect non-GAAP operating margin of 25.25%. GAAP operating margin for the third quarter and full year are expected to be approximately 19 and 20 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margins, respectively. The FY 25 non-GAAP tax rate remains at 19%. We are increasing our FY 25 operating cash flow expectations to $2.350 billion and we continue to expect capital expenditures of approximately $330 million. Over the past year, weve made good progress across our key growth areas. While a number of these initiatives are still early in their development, they are already supporting growth in FY 25 as well as for future years as they scale across our products and geographies. Our focus areas have been ramping over the past year, providing us better insight into how their growth trajectories augment our core business. As we incorporate this into our planning, along with the current environment, we now expect subscription revenue growth in the mid-teens for both FY 26 and FY 27. Were seeing success across full suite opportunities, the partner ecosystem, and international markets, along with emerging areas like Federal and Built on Workday, which help reinforce our conviction in enduring growth as we strengthen our market leadership in cloud ERP. In addition, we now expect to deliver greater margin expansion than previously planned. Investing to support durable growth remains a core focus, and at the same time, weve made progress driving efficiencies as we continue to scale the business globally. We are relentlessly focused on scaling all of our processes across the company as we review our product and go- to-market initiatives. We are also becoming increasingly more targeted in our growth investments, balancing product development with go-to-market resources. With this, we are driving to enhance ROI across our portfolio, while we continue to execute on opportunities to drive growth in the business. With that context, and assuming M&A levels consistent with recent history, our updated expectations for FY 26 and FY 27 are for annual subscription revenue growth of approximately 15% while expanding non-GAAP operating margin to 30% over the same period. This updated framework also increases our expected FY 27 cash flow. Our focus remains leveraging the power of the platform to deliver durable, long-term top- and bottom-line growth. We look forward to sharing more at our upcoming financial analyst day on September 17. With that, I'll turn it back over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Kirk Materne with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Kirk Materne: Hi, yeah, thanks very much and appreciate the early update on the midterm outlook as we look forward to seeing you guys out in Vegas in a few weeks. But, Carl, can you just talk about where you think you can get some additional efficiency at scale while still investing obviously in places like international? I'm sure you'll go through this all at the Analyst Day, but I was just kind of curious where are some places that you guys can continue to get that efficiency because I know you're not going to want to stop investing in some of these green shoots that you're seeing right now.
Carl Eschenbach: Yeah, thanks, Kirk, for the question. And by the way, thanks for your preview note. I thought it was really well written. As you can see, a lot of things you highlighted in your preview note we actually spoke about in our prepared remarks and part of it is what you just asked. I want to start by just reinforcing our thesis for long-term profitable growth at scale at Workday. We remain very excited about the opportunity we have ahead, and we think we'll continue to take share in our core markets around HR and finance, while at the same time continuing to innovate and drive additional operating efficiencies as we think about the broader market. As far as where we think we can get efficiencies, let me start and remind people by saying over the last 2.5 years we've expanded our operating margin by 500 basis points, and now we're talking about moving it up another 500 basis points over the next few years. So we are finding efficiencies. Some examples of where we're finding efficiencies is in our global workforce strategy, which includes leveraging our current global workforce, as well as some of the new offices we've brought online in the last 6 to 12 months, like India and Costa Rica. We're also being smart and prudent about what we're hiring going forward, and specifically we're focusing on quota-carrying capacity, as well as continuing to invest in software development on our product and technology side of the business. We also are finding operating efficiencies internally across our systems and our technology. We're using AI in our finance organization. We're using AI in our call centers and our support organization. And we're also using AI like copilots in software development to drive efficiencies. And the last thing I'd say, Kirk, to kind of combine your questions here is, number one, some of the investment areas we've leaned into over the last two years are actually starting to drive operating efficiencies at scale for us. For example, we spent a lot of time talking about partners. We've highlighted once again our partners today continue to drive a significant portion of our pipeline and actually were responsible for a 2x growth in new ACV from what they participated or drove in Q1. We're actually starting to see scale now with the big build-out we did in our financial sales force. They're all starting to ramp and we're seeing better productivity going forward. So There are a number of different areas that we're investing in, and it's actually not only helping us maintain this durable growth over the next few years, but it's also giving us operational efficiencies at the same time.
Zane Rowe: Hey, Kirk, I'll just add, this is Zane. We look at all of these investments with an ROI mentality, and as you've seen over the last number of years where we've outperformed and really leaned in, we've been able to drive bottom line growth and increase our operating margin, even versus our expectations. So you should expect to hear a little more in this area in 3.5 weeks in Vegas, but we're pleased with the progress, have a lot of work to do, and we feel like we're never done on just coming up with more efficiencies across the business.
Kirk Materne: Great. Thank you very much, guys. I'll turn it to someone else.
Zane Rowe: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Kash Rangan: Hi, thank you very much. Good to see that you guys are taking a more balanced approach to growth and margin. One short-term question, one long-term, if I could. Short-term, the impact of elections and potentially lower rates, how do you see this playing out, Carl? I know that you were not here eight years ago, but Aneel famously warned about volatility in the upcoming Q4 back then and ended up surprising us on the upside as contract activity and renewal activity happened on the upside. So what is your take on the short term? And then one for you Zane, longer term the expansion and margin, how comfortable can we get that it's not coming at the expense of the ability to reinvigorate growth if you do see that opportunity open up if we get a better spending environment? Thank you so much.
Carl Eschenbach: Yeah. Thanks, Kash. Ill take the first one. Listen, I can't predict the future and the impact of the election one way or the other but what I do know is the current macro environment we're selling into hasn't changed at all from what we saw in Q1. In fact, we think the current environment of IT spending and the environment we're selling into isn't something that's just been here the last couple quarters. We think it's the new norm going forward. We're prepared because we have a great product. We provide a tremendous value proposition to both customers and prospects and regardless of what we're dealing with in the macro or the elections, we're going to continue to grow our business over the short term and long term because of that powerful value proposition we have.
Zane Rowe: Yeah. And Kash, just to add to your question on longer term, I mean we've done a good job investing and measuring those investments. When it's opportunity for us to increase that investment level depending upon growth or where it comes from, we'll be agile and quick to adjust accordingly. But we feel good that we can grow both the top line and the bottom line in this business and make sure that we're investing sufficiently to continue that growth and innovation across the company. So we feel like we've got a good balance here.
Kash Rangan: Wonderful, thank you so much. Well done.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Murphy: Thank you so much. Carl, how would you characterize the cross currents of AI on the software landscape in Workday itself at the moment? The reason I ask is you're sitting on this wealth of data, you have the sole ability to unlock it, you're not overcharging for AI services like others are, and I'm wondering if that is giving you some type of advantage in the actual AI product adoption and usage somehow under the radar. But then on the other side of the ledger, as you do re-tweak the growth and margin, the midterm target, do you sense any customers pausing to digest application purchases broadly just as they're trying to understand the GPU landscape, the AI landscape at the infrastructure layer?
Carl Eschenbach: Yeah, so I think there was two questions in there Mark, so I'll try to answer both of them. First, I'll talk about our approach to monetization. So first, we've said we're going to take a very measured, multi-pronged approach to how we monetize AI. First and foremost, we're monetizing it to our competitive win rates that are up once again this quarter. Our renewal rates remain very high and our customer satisfaction remains very strong. We are also at the same time not rushing to market and saying to our customers, we're going to have an uplift on our pricing just because we have now have more than 50, for example, AI use cases in the platform. We think they're entitled to that innovation. We will, though, when we see opportunity to do so, Mark, we will bring new SKUs to market where we can help our customers justify spending incremental dollars on AI from Workday. For example, talent optimization. Talent optimization is one of our fastest growing SKUs. Extend and now Extend Pro. Extend Pro is an AI platform that allows people to develop and build new applications on top of us. There's a new AI API gateway associated. We have a copilot to help people develop software faster leveraging the AI API. And we also as you know last quarter talked about HiredScore. HiredScore is something we're very excited about. We're in the very early days of this going into the market, but we're seeing a rapid build of the pipeline as people are trying to reduce their recruiting spend because it's one of the biggest spends they have across their platform today when it comes to recruiting. And now let me address what we're seeing, because we get asked this question all the time, Mark. Are we seeing people spend on AI and not spend, for example, in our case, on Workday? We see just the opposite. What we see and we hear from our customers, our customers believe and new prospect as we engage with them, they are investing in AI when they invest and partner with Workday. The reason for that is because of what you said. I think customers are now recognizing the value of AI in GenAI is only as good as the data you're using to train. And we have one of the most clean, highly curated data sets around HR and finance to drive value for our customers. And we think that's a huge differentiator for us both today and going forward. And we can't wait to share more of the AI innovation with everyone, including the entire world at Rising in September.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brent Thill with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Thill: Thanks. Carl, many have asked your confidence in mid-teens growth. What is giving you that underpinning of that the market's going to be there versus continuing to ratchet that number down, which you've lowered that growth rate a bit? What is still giving you the confidence that that market is still in place?
Carl Eschenbach: Yeah, thanks, Brent. Well, there's a number of reasons, I think, not just myself, but all of us here at Workday are confident in that 15% growth rate for the foreseeable future and that says we scale beyond $10 billion. Number one, the investments we've made for example in our partner community and the ecosystem are paying off. They're building pipeline. They're innovating on top of the platform. They're co-selling with us. They're reselling with us, and we see them continuing to lean into the Workday opportunity more than we've ever seen in the past. We still believe we have a tremendous opportunity internationally. We've hired some amazing talent across Europe. In the last six months, we've talked about new leadership in APAC and in Japan, and we highlighted some of the success they had here this quarter. And we continue to believe that more than 50% of our addressable market opportunity is outside the US that we can go attack. We also continue to believe in the opportunity around financials. As all of you know, for the last couple years, we've leaned in heavily to the financials opportunity because we still see greater than 75% of workloads on-premises and they're moving to the cloud. It's not if, it's when. And when they move to the cloud, we see competitive win rates on our financials platform and full suite or full platform financial solutions with Workday and HCM continuing to rise. And the last thing that gives us confidence is innovation. We are driving so much innovation on the Workday platform, leveraging AI and GenAI. We also continue to believe that the ecosystem will innovate on top of us, leveraging a powerful platform called Extend. And then finally, M&A. We are, I'd say we're inquisitive. We continue to believe there's assets out there that we can look at to help us continue or maintain our growth, but we're going to be smart and prudent as we think about it. So that's the reason that gives us confidence to be able to drive this profitable growth at scale for the next few years.
Brent Thill: Thanks, Carl.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brad Sills with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Sills: Wonderful. Thank you so much. I wanted to ask a question, Carl, on some of the comments you made earlier. It sounds like you took a hard look at some of the growth initiatives to determine which ones are going well and which ones perhaps could be sources of upside that are now backing that 15% -- or sorry, the mid-teens rather growth outlook. Just curious for some color if you will on what were some of the puts and takes, what were some of those growth initiatives that you felt more bullish about after having gone through the one-year review process? Which are ones that could perhaps be potential sources of incremental growth in the future? Thank you so much.
Carl Eschenbach: Yeah, thanks for the question, Brad. We did pause and we looked at all of our growth initiatives. Some of them I just articulated answering the prior question from Brent. And I must admit, as we sat and looked at them and as we see here today, we think the growth initiatives we lean into are the right ones, the opportunity around financials, the international opportunity. We thought very hard about the investment we've made in financials and we think that's the right one. The partner community is clearly paying off. So I don't think at this time when we look at those growth initiatives, we would have pulled back on any of them. We're moderating how we're thinking about it going forward but I think we have the right investments in the growth opportunities and that's what gives us confidence and conviction to go attack this big market opportunity we have globally. So, again, I won't pull back on any under the right investments. They've already started to pay dividends throughout last year and this year, and we think we'll be able to lean into them even more as we go forward. One of the things that's really important as we think about driving operating margin expansion by doing so and becoming more efficient, it allows us to continue to invest back in the business across both technology, go to market and potential acquisitions. It all comes together to this durable growth that were mapping out over the next few years.
Zane Rowe: Hey, Brad, I would just add, Carl talked about the M&A component, we remain curious in the market, but over the last year you haven't seen significant M&A on our side driving any incremental growth either as you contemplate the updated outlook. So, that's a component of it as well.
Brad Sills: Thanks so much, Carl and Zane.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Brad.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Turrin with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Turrin: Hey, great. Thanks very much. Appreciate you taking the question. I was hoping to go back to what drove the change in tone towards more margin here. I think it's what investors have been hoping for, but maybe you could speak to the thought process there and confidence you have in managing the trade-offs and giving a bit more margin here but making sure you're still well positioned for any rebound? Thanks.
Carl Eschenbach: I think there's a couple things. The current environment that we're selling into, we actually think that's the normal IT spend environment that we will be seeing going forward. It's not something every quarter we're going to say how does it compare to last quarter, how does it compare one quarter to next year-over-year. We think this is now a normalized and the new norm of IT spend. That on the back of some of the growth initiatives that we just talked about, we think this is what gives us conviction and confidence in this 15% growth profile going forward. We also think by driving more operating margin, it gives us more OpEx dollars to invest in these key growth initiatives as well. So, we take a look at the market, we take a look at the opportunity, we take a look at how we're driving the business, our growth initiatives, and all of this came together for us to think about, you know what, we can drive really durable growth over a long period of time, and we can do it profitably while all investing in the business.
Zane Rowe: Yeah, I would just add, we've come to a better understanding as far as each of these areas of growth, what they cost, how we think about those returns over a multiyear period. Carl mentioned some that require some upfront cost, but we're able to actually ramp a number of those initial investments over this multi-year period. And then there's just increased focus and discipline around spend across the company. We recognize we need to focus on efficiencies, systems, people, and process. And we're heavily involved in looking at all of those as we scale the business. So we're excited about the future. We believe we can truly invest and innovate and yet still drive margin improvement. And you've seen us do it over the last number of years. So we just want to continue that momentum.
Michael Turrin: Thanks, very clear. Nice job.
Zane Rowe: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, perfect. Thank you for the long-term outlook from me as well. Carl, if you think about the growth in the market, and I get it that you kind of, what we see now is what we have in there. If you compare the current times and what you were assuming in your planning assumption to what we've seen in the past in terms of spending behaviors and take bubbles away, is this kind of what you think is kind of also long-term something that will continue like this, or is this like for the foreseeable future, let's kind of work with the planning assumptions that there could be a better market at some point in the future? We don't know when, but at some point. Just trying to understand, like, has the market changed towards kind of a different growth trajectory or is it just like what we see in the economy at the moment?
Carl Eschenbach: Yeah. As I said earlier, we think the current environment is the new norm, and that's what we're basing our medium-term outlook on. That being said, things could change in one direction or the other. We could get tailwinds, and we could get employment and headcount growth. We've taken a moderate approach when we look at headcount. We think people who are doing large transformations of their HR in their finance systems today at times they pause and they think about it and they sweat their existing asset a bit longer. And when they do so, by the way, those opportunities don't leave our pipeline at all. And in fact, a lot of times the customer chooses Workday and they just push it out a quarter or two. Things like that could re-accelerate. So we think it is the new norm. Do we think things can change in the future? They potentially can and if so when we get more tailwind, we'll update our model as we think about the next few years. But right now, we do think the current environment is consistent in what we'll see going forward.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect. And then a question for Zane. If you think about, like, Workday historically has been probably over-indexing on R&D and probably under-indexing a little bit of sales and marketing. As we think about the efficiencies going forward, et cetera, how do you think about that mix between those two major drivers? Thank you.
Zane Rowe: Sure. Yeah, broadly I'd say it is a mix and there's always opportunity. We've looked at both innovation, R&D spend and how AI can actually help those efforts and we've got a terrific team, we're doing a lot of innovating, a lot of building out the product and a lot of growing. So I would say, look, it's balanced across all areas. Even on the G&A side, we all believe we can continue to not only innovate, but be more efficient and really think about as we grow around the globe, how we balance that growth with a workforce that's better represented around the globe as well. So I'd say generally speaking, opportunities on both sides, but we're leveraging those investments we're making. We're also excited about our roadmaps and all the investments that we're making for the future as well.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Karl Keirstead with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Karl Keirstead: So you set your midterm free cash flow margin target at 25%, which was pretty well right on top of your non-GAAP operating margin target. So given that you're raising the latter by 500 bps to 30%, I can imagine some people on the call will just raise the free cash flow margin up to 35 to keep that relationship solid. I don't know whether you want to comment on that or maybe punt to the Investor Day, but just on this call, is there any reason why that correlation between those two metrics might be different than what you were thinking a year ago? Thank you.
Zane Rowe: Sure, Karl. Yeah, broadly speaking, I would say yes, but I don't want to give you all the answers because I'd still want to see you at Investor Day in 3.5 weeks. I mean, I would point out that were still ramping in a number of industries where the payments don't necessarily correlate with the revenue. These are industries like edu and other industries like federal where we've seen good growth there. We're also a taxpayer in the US now. So stay tuned for what we'll disclose in 3.5 weeks. I don't want to get ahead of myself, at least some material for then.
Karl Keirstead: Got it. See you then. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question. Alex, is your line on mute?
Alex Zukin: Hey, guys. Sorry, it was on mute. Can you hear me now?
Carl Eschenbach: We hear you, Alex.
Alex Zukin: Guys, thanks for taking the question. I guess maybe for me, talk a little bit about the vertical, what you're seeing from a pipeline perspective. Should we expect kind of the same vertical strength that we saw in the first half to drive the booking strength in the second half? And then on the midterm targets, particularly on margins, should we expect that to be linear? Should we expect that to be more back-end loaded? And M&A, in the context, it sounds like there's no change to the kind of M&A strategy that you guys have conducted. I just want to be sure that's what you're implying in the term target setting?
Carl Eschenbach: Zane, why don't you start take the last question and I'll jump in.
Zane Rowe: Sure. As we think about that growth I'd say evenly balanced. Some of the what I mentioned, Karl will give you a little bit more detail on that in 3.5 weeks. But generally speaking, evenly balanced, maybe a little more skewed towards FY 27, but we've got a number of initiatives and obviously we're pleased to see the growth that we've seen even this year. So more to come on that front. I'll hand it over to Carl.
Carl Eschenbach: Yeah, and on the industry verticals we highlighted some in the script, but I'd ask Doug to give a little bit more color on what we're seeing there.
Doug Robinson: Yeah, hi Alex, Doug here. My ears perked up when you asked about pipeline. So yeah, pipeline growth in the industry, as you know us to be strong in is where we're seeing continued strength. So that includes healthcare, of course, but also higher education. And we think both healthcare and higher education are multi-year opportunities for Workday for full suite. In addition to that, state and local and increasingly the federal business. And hope to share more good news around the Fed business in the second half of the year with you as it progresses.
Alex Zukin: Perfect. And then maybe just if I sneak one more in. If I think about the construction of the growth curve over the next couple of years, when we think about your success going down market, versus some of the trends we're seeing in large enterprise, what percentage of -- how do we think about that balance? We used to ask that question about financials versus HCM. But if we actually recast it more to the lower end of the market versus the higher end of the market? How would you characterize it?
Carl Eschenbach: Yeah. So let me answer that question. As you know, we've had historically had a lot of success in large enterprise and in industries and verticals like Doug just mentioned, and we've been pushing down into what we call the medium enterprise or the emerging enterprise quite aggressively. One of the reasons we're doing that is because we're having a lot of success selling full suite or full platform deals, which is a combination of both financials as well as HCM. And we continue to see that as an area of strength for us going forward. We've modified our pricing and our packaging for those markets. We've also now have new delivery capabilities to accelerate deployment. So customers get better and faster value from the medium enterprise market. And our partners are also leaning in and helping us drive faster adoption in that market as well. So the media enterprise, both here in the US, we've taken the playbook from the US. We're pushing it globally. It's in the UK, and it's spreading throughout Europe, and we'll be doing the same in APAC. So it's an area of strength. It's an area of opportunity and it's something we'll continue to lean into on the go-to-market side as well as the product side as we think about pricing and packaging.
Operator: We will now be taking two more questions. Our next question is from Derrick Wood with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Derrick Wood: Thanks. I guess for Zane, I know you called out pockets of slower headcount growth during renewals in Q1. So I'd be curious, a, are you seeing this broaden out to more verticals aside from the ones you called out last quarter in tech and retail. And b, are you able to quantify what the degree of change is? Like, what was the average headcount growth historically? And what do you think in the new normal is? And did you adjust for these assumptions in your new medium-term growth outlook?
Zane Rowe: Hi, Derrick, yeah, this is Zane. If we look quarter-to-quarter, our assumptions have been very similar to what they were in the first quarter that we extrapolated for the year. We've seen consistency there. We made the adjustment for the year. If you recall, last time, I think I mentioned it was approximately $17 million over the extent of the year. So, no significant change there, if anything, on a quarter-to-quarter level, we believe the baseline has been about the same. So it's been consistent. We consider it the new norm. It's contemplated in both our FY '25 guide as well as our midterm guide. It's not a significant impact on revenue or bookings as we think about it today.
Derrick Wood: Okay. Thank you.
Zane Rowe: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Brad Zelnick: Great, thanks so much. My question is for Carl or perhaps Doug. Curious if there are specific areas within FINS that you're particularly excited about because we still keep hearing great things about accounting center, not just in financial services but across verticals and even down market. But what would you call out as particularly exciting that can compel customers to adopt and maybe even drive upside ahead.
Carl Eschenbach: Yeah, Doug, do you want to take that.
Doug Robinson: Yeah, I'll go first. Hi, Brad, nice to hear from you. You hit the first one, I'd hit, which is accounting center. And increasingly, as we've dedicated teams to vertical organizations and vertical selling by industry, each of them with solution consulting have come up with really interesting and innovative use cases for accounting center across industry. So while the original thesis of accounting center go back 5 years or so, 5 plus years, was for FSI and to support that vertical, it now is selling across industry, as you point out. The second one I'd point out is student, and so student changes the game in higher ed and can drive sort of not just full suite opportunities, but pull through that, what you would consider operational ERP in that particular industry. So as I answered the earlier question around industries where we see strong pipeline growth, and I mentioned a multiyear opportunity for both health care and higher education. Those are two that get me excited.
Carl Eschenbach: Another one, Doug, might be workforce planning. We think there's a tight correlation between our HCM platform and financials and workforce planning is something we continue to see momentum, which is an adaptive product that we got a few years ago.
Brad Zelnick: Awesome. Very helpful color. Keep up the good work. Thanks, guys.
Doug Robinson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Eschenbach for closing comments.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you, operator, and thank you again to everyone on the call today. Before we go, I'd like to give a special thanks to our workmates, customers and partners around the world who continue to fuel Workday's growth and success. We're heading into the second half of our fiscal year with strong customer momentum and exciting innovation on our road map, and we clearly have a strategy to support our durable growth at scale. Workday's value proposition, I believe, and all of my workmates believe, has never been stronger. Organizations of all sizes, geographies and industries are turning to us to manage their most precious and most important assets, that's their people and their money, and it's all on an AI-powered platform. And with the new innovations we're launching at Rising, we've never been better positioned to lead them into the future. I look forward to seeing you at Rising and Financial Analyst Day in a couple of weeks. Operator, we can now close the call, and thank you again for everyone attending.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you again for your participation.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-05-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Fiscal 2025 First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand it over to Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Justin Furby: Welcome to Workday's first quarter fiscal 2025 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Carl Eschenbach, our CEO; Zane Rowe, our CFO; Doug Robinson, our Co-President; and David Somers, our Chief Product Officer. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations, and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional information on risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release, in our investor presentation, and on the investor relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the investor relations link. Additionally, our quarterly investor presentation will be posted on our investor relations website following this call. Also, the customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our second quarter fiscal 2025 quiet period begins on July 15th, 2024. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2024. With that, I'll hand the call over to Carl.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you, Justin, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm pleased to report our solid financial performance for the quarter, including 19% subscription revenue growth, 18% 12-month backlog growth, and non-GAAP operating margin of 26%. Over the past six quarters, we've made several key investments across the business, as well as important organizational changes to set the foundation for durable growth and continued margin expansion. In Q1, we continued to build on a number of important growth initiatives, including go-to-market changes that will help us further expand our total addressable market. And in the quarter, we closed several strategic deals, including a landmark federal win at the Defense Intelligence Agency. We also held our annual Innovation Summit, where we hosted 25 industry analysts and showcased our organic innovation engine, which continues to be one of the key strengths of our company. We already are seeing tremendous feedback from the event with lots of positive industry analyst coverage on the product roadmaps and the future of Workday. Our first quarter is always our seasonally slowest. We had clear areas of outperformance including healthcare, public sector, and continued strength in financials and full platform wins. But we also close fewer large deals than last Q1, notably in EMEA. When purchase decisions are being made, our win rates remain strong. But within the quarter, we experience increased deal scrutiny as compared to prior quarters. And we are seeing customers committing to lower headcount levels on renewals compared to what we had expected. We expect these dynamics to persist in the near term, which is reflected in our revised FY 2025 subscription revenue guidance. While we can't control the macro, we are focusing on what's in our control, and that is innovation, scaling our go-to-market engine and partner ecosystem and delivering customer value. We remain confident we're doing the right things to build a long-term, durable business with balanced growth and margin expansion. With the emergence of AI, the shifting talent landscape and pressure to realize operational efficiencies, organizations across geographies and industries are turning to Workday as their trusted platform to elevate humans and supercharge work. We made several key developments in Q1 that strengthen our position and I'll share a few highlights. Let's start with customers. Our customers truly bring the power of Workday to life. A great example is our new partnership with the Defense Intelligence Agency. The DIA is the key intelligence agency for national defense in the United States. Workday will support the DIA on its mission to rapidly accelerate recruitment and onboarding efforts and create a diverse, trusted, and agile workforce. With Workday, they'll be able to identify, integrate, and direct skills and expertise to solve emerging intelligence problems when and where they are most needed. Not only is this a significant new win, but more importantly, it unlocks an incredible market opportunity for Workday in the federal government and we expect it to increase our pipeline over the coming quarters. In fact, The DIA was on stage at our federal forum event in Washington, D.C. Yesterday discussing digital transformation in the government. Now in its second year, the forum drew a record crowd of over 600 decision makers across more than 70 agencies from the world of government and policy. This is up 100% from our federal forum last year, and the momentum we are building here is exciting. And speaking of momentum, we continue to take share in financials, bolstered by our go-to market and platform investments combined with our compelling value proposition of having a single, secure platform to manage both your people and money. In Q1, new financial management customers and full platform customers both increased more than 20% over Q1 of last year. And more than 90% of our nearly 2,000 FINS customers are now leveraging the power of our HCM platform as well. In Q1, we added several full platform HCM and FINS customers, including Baptist Health, Covenant Health Systems, the City of Milwaukee, and Owning Group, the largest privately held staffing company in the U.S. We also had a number of expansions within the office of the CFO, including AllianceBernstein, Hospital Sisters Health System, and John Muir Health. During Q1, we also expanded our leadership in HCM, adding new relationships with organizations including ALS Group USA, Carhartt, and one of the largest P&C insurers in the world, which expanded its core financials footprint to add HCM. And we had several strategic HCM expansions and renewals, including ING Bank, Sandvik AB, and Vallejo Management Services. Beyond the wins, we celebrate when our customers go live on our platform. In Q1, ASDA, Electrolux, Topgolf, County of Richland, Apex Group, and LVHN all successfully went live on Workday. Customers trust Workday to help them navigate huge transformations. They did so with the cloud and now they're turning to us to help them responsibly leverage AI to drive productivity, efficiency, and cost savings. Workday gives them the ultimate advantage. We've been delivering AI capabilities to our customers for nearly a decade. We've built AI into the core of our platform, which means AI features and functionality are embedded natively in all of our applications. And with more than 65 million users generating more than 800 billion transactions per year on our platform, the volume of clean, trusted data that Workday and our ecosystem can leverage for AI is truly unmatched. We continue to make significant investments to further enhance our leadership in this area and deliver trusted and responsible AI innovations that drive meaningful business results. We now have more than 50 AI use cases live in production and 25 generative AI use cases on our roadmap to help our customers make confident decisions faster, increase efficiencies, and make their people more productive. In Q1, several new innovations went live for early access customers, including AI powered content generation capabilities with growth plans, job descriptions, and knowledge base articles. These automate repetitive tasks and put information in the hands of the right people faster. We also released AI-enabled payroll insights, which help payroll professionals detect anomalies faster and more accurately to save money and reduce risk. Perhaps the best example here is our Talent Optimization solution, which leverages Workday Skills Cloud. This is an AI-first SKU where we have seen strong attach rates on new deals and have significant momentum selling back to our customer base as well. I'm pleased to share that over half of our core customer base has now licensed this product, making it one of our fastest-growing ever. Continuing to accelerate our AI road map, we closed the acquisition of HiredScore in Q1, giving us a comprehensive AI-powered talent acquisition and internal mobility offering. Our shared customers are realizing a 25% increase in recruiter capacity with AI, one of the many reasons we're so excited about this combination. We closed our first joint deal this quarter, and we're rapidly building pipeline, particularly across our base of more than 4,000 recruiting customers. The power of Workday is our platform, and that gives us a ton of flexibility to fuel growth, for example, in industries. This is a key foundational element and a major differentiator for us. We've been focusing on deepening our purpose-built offerings in key verticals, including health care, public sector, financial services and professional services. As you can see in the logos from this quarter, health care once again performed very well with new ACV growth exceeding 50% in Q1. At the same time, our professional and business services vertical is already well on its way to eclipsing $1 billion in annual recurring revenue. In Q1, we released a natively built configure price quote solution for services businesses, which integrates with CRM platforms to streamline the quoting process. Our research shows that for 95% of our customers, quoting is still happening in spreadsheets today, so this is going to significantly increase their efficiencies. Public sector was another highlight in Q1. In addition to the DIA, we continued to excel in state and local government, closing full platform wins with the cities of North Las Vegas, Milwaukee and Palm Bay and Monroe and Washington counties. And in education, we had a record number of Workday Student go-lives in Q1 and now have taken 20 new customers live so far this year, including Iowa State University, University of Arkansas System and Wake Forest University. Global expansion continues to be a key growth driver for Workday. We're focused on investing at all levels to build our regional businesses with local leadership, go-to-market and product enhancements. For instance, this quarter, our native payroll solution for customers in Australia became generally available. And our global payroll platform is now available for early adopters as we extend the power of Workday with strategic partners like ADP, Alight and more. On the go-to-market side, we began holding Workday Elevate events across APAC, Japan and EMEA in Q1 and will continue throughout Q2. These events bring together thousands of prospects and customers, generating new pipeline and deepening our existing relationships. And just last week, we announced our plans to invest more than GBP 550 million in our U.K. operations over the next three years. We also announced that in early 2025, our customers will be able to access our core HCM Financials and adapt the planning solutions locally on the AWS Cloud in the U.K. Not only are we enabling compliance with data residency requirements, we're also boosting performance and helping businesses scale for the future. So as you can see, we're continuing to invest for our growth, and I'm energized by how we'll be able to empower more U.K. organizations with the power of our platform. And while it was a more challenging quarter in some of our international markets, we saw strength in France, the Netherlands and Japan. Key international wins in Q1 included OCP Group, Knight Frank and Aman Resorts. Our partner ecosystem is a powerful driver of customer success, and it continues to grow in both breadth and depth. Across the board, we're seeing continued growth in our referral and co-selling efforts with our partner sourcing more pipeline and closing more ACV in Q1 than all of FY 2024 through our sales program. This points to increasing ecosystem-led growth, which is a key priority. We have over 200 co-sell and referral partnerships that are helping expand our routes to market. One of the partners that we signed in Q1 that I'm particularly excited about is Google. Under our new partnership, GCP customers will have access to Workday products through the Google Cloud Marketplace. We're off to a fast start, and we expect to have our first transaction via the Marketplace this month. We also recently expanded our relationship with AWS to include co-innovation across industries and enhance go-to-market investments. We bill over $75 million of active ACV pipeline with AWS, and the expanded partnership should only accelerate that. And in Q1, we formed a new reseller agreement with Kyriba that enables Workday customers to integrate with a network of over 1,000 global banks. This dramatically reduces the time, complexity, and costs needed to integrate and adapt with changing banking requirements. Partners are critical to helping us accelerate and broaden our innovation footprint. In two weeks we'll welcome 1,200 partners and customers to Las Vegas for DevCon, our annual developer conference. DevCon, as well as our developer ecosystem, has grown by more than 50% since last year, which is a testament to the momentum we're building across our platform. At the event, we'll be announcing new ways for partners to build, distribute, and monetize their applications on the Workday platform. We are also launching several other components of the program to enable us to embed partner solutions within Workday in ways we've never done before. With our cloud-native platform in Workday Extend, we are enabling AI innovation not just from Workday but our customers and partners as well. We now have more than 900 Extend customers and 1,600 apps, delivering significant value across our ecosystem of customers and partners. Workday Extend Pro, which includes AI Gateway as well as Developer Copilot launching later this year, enables our customers and partners to build AI-first apps that leverage the power of our platform. There is clearly an appetite to build AI-first apps on top of Workday. More than 50% of our Q1 Extend ACV was from Extend Pro, making it another one of our fastest-growing SKUs. And our AI Marketplace, which is going live next month, gives our customers access to the best of Workday AI and solutions from third-party partners together in one place. These are just a few of the latest examples of the breadth of our innovation and the reach of our platform. Now to close, as I've said many times, we have a durable business with multiple levers to drive long-term growth. With our leadership and investment in AI, our unique ability to address organizations' most critical challenges and the deep relationships we have with our customers and partners, Workday remains well positioned to extend our market leadership. This is exactly what drew me to Workday and what continues to excite me. We also have a diverse business serving more than 10,500 customers across industries, which now includes more than 60% of the Fortune 500, an incredible milestone and a testament to the strategic nature of our platform. And yet, we're just getting started with more than 40,000 organizations in our addressable market and a continued opportunity to expand our footprint and deliver even more value within our existing customer base. Moving into Q2, we are well positioned to achieve our objectives in the near term while continuing to build for the long term. I'd like to thank our customers who put their trust in us, our partners and especially my 19,400 workmates around the world for helping drive Workday forward. With that, I'll hand it over to Zane.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Carl, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. Our Q1 performance was in line with our expectations across our key financial metrics. Subscription revenue in the first quarter was $1.815 billion, up 19%, including a 1 point benefit from the leap year. Professional services revenue was $175 million in the quarter, leading to total revenue in Q1 of $1.99 billion, growing 18%. U.S. revenue in Q1 totaled $1.49 billion, and international revenue totaled $497 million, both growing 18%. 12-month subscription revenue backlog, or CRPO, was $6.6 billion at the end of Q1, representing growth of 18%. Renewal volume in the quarter, including early renewals, was in line with our expectations. Gross and net revenue retention rates remained strong at over 95% and over 100%, respectively. Total subscription revenue backlog at the end of the quarter was $20.68 billion, up 24%. Our non-GAAP operating income for the first quarter was $515 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 25.9%. Margin strength was driven by moderate revenue outperformance and lower expenses. Q1 operating cash flow was $372 million, growth of 34%. During Q1, we repurchased $134 million of our shares at an average price of $267.09 per share. In addition, starting in April, we began to fund withholding taxes due on employee equity awards by net share withholding. This reduced our dilution by 1 million shares in the quarter relative to our prior sell-to-cover method and impacted our cash flow from financing by $239 million in Q1. We ended the quarter with $7.2 billion in cash and marketable securities. As of April 30, headcount stood at over 19,400 Workmates around the globe. We were pleased to see the continued progress across our key growth initiatives, including momentum in full platform wins and continued ramping of our partner ecosystem, which we expect to support growth in the coming years. At the same time, we experienced elevated scrutiny in our sales cycle, particularly in EMEA. Within our customer base, we continue to see expansion, primarily through product add-ons versus customer headcount growth, which has slowed relative to our expectations. Taking these factors into account, we are updating our full year FY 2025 subscription revenue guidance to $7.7 billion to $7.725 billion, representing growth of approximately 17% compared to our previous guided range of 17% to 18%. We expect Q2 FY 2025 subscription revenue to be $1.895 billion, representing 17% growth. We now expect FY 2025 professional services revenue of approximately $650 million to $660 million, reflecting the Q1 outperformance and our Q2 expectations along with our strategy of further leveraging our partner ecosystem. For Q2, we expect professional services revenue of $175 million. Turning to backlog. As we've highlighted previously, CRPO growth is influenced by quarter-to-quarter variability in renewal volume and new business bookings. The strength in overall renewal activity in FY 2024, including early renewals, caused our CRPO growth to outpace subscription revenue growth throughout last year. This aggregate effect is impacting our backlog growth this year. In Q2, as we saw in Q1, we expect CRPO growth to be below subscription revenue growth, impacted by the cumulative headwind from last year's strong renewal activity. In Q2, we expect CRPO to increase between 15% and 16%. We continue to see momentum across our core growth areas and are continuing to invest for future growth while driving increased efficiencies across the company. We now expect FY 2025 non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 25%. For Q2, we expect non-GAAP operating margin of 24.5%, which reflects our typical seasonality. GAAP operating margins for the second quarter and full year are expected to be approximately 20 and 21 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margins, respectively. The FY '25 non-GAAP tax rate remains at 19%. We continue to expect FY 2025 operating cash flow of $2.25 billion and capital expenditures of approximately $330 million. In closing, I want to reiterate our commitment to investing to support long-term growth while expanding margins. We continue to see strong customer demand and engagement across our platform, supporting our financial targets and helping drive our strategic growth initiatives. With that, I'll turn it back over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Kasthuri Rangan: Hi, thank you very much Carl and Zane. I just wanted to get a little bit more clarification. You talked about the extended sales cycles and also smaller customer growth -- headcount growth. Was that primarily restricted to EMEA? Or did you see some of that in the U.S., too? And as a follow-up, if I could, if the partner generation of new business, which seems to have outstripped all of this in 2024, if that momentum continues, would you be compelled to consider getting the guidance back on track? In other words, do we have enough of other factors at play that could get you back on track as the fiscal year progresses? Thank you so much.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Hi, Kash. Thanks for the question. Let me just, before I answer your question, take a quick moment to thank our Workmates, customers and partners around the world for helping to get off to a solid start to the year. And as you can see, Kash, by our results in Q1, it was a solid quarter, but we did see a few dynamics change. And specifically, you mentioned 2 of them. Number one, I think for the last year, year and a half, we've talked about -- we haven't seen any material change to the macro, meaning we haven't seen any additional scrutiny one way or the other. In fact, it's been rather consistent. But this quarter, we did. We did see a bit more scrutiny, specifically on large deals and net new deals. And that wasn't just something in the U.S. It was truly around the world we saw that. I would also say that some of that may be because we're talking to our customers about full platform deals. We're no longer just talking about HCM deals. And when we sell full platform, particularly in the large enterprise market, we are selling to multiple buyers. We're telling -- selling to the CHRO. We're selling to the CIO and the CFO, which makes it a little bit more of a complex deal for us, which makes some of these sales cycles a bit longer. That being said, when customers do make decisions, we're clearly winning our fair share of both HCM, Financials and full platform deals. So definitely some more scrutiny than we've seen in the past. And on the headcount trends, that was something that was globally. We saw less headcount expansion at time of renewals across the world. That wasn't just something in one region versus the other. And on the partners, yes, to your point, we continue to lean into the investments we're making around our partners. In Q1, specifically in my prepared remarks, we called out a couple of highlights, including that we built more pipeline in Q1 than we did all of last year. And the second thing we called out is we closed more business to our partners than we did all of last year. This is just evidence that the investment we're making in the partners -- in the partner ecosystem is coming to fruition, and we're super excited about the potential impact it can have on us going forward.
Zane Rowe: Kash, I would just add, as we think about that growth in partners, we would expect it to ramp through the year, and as Carl alluded to, we see great progress there. As it relates to subscription revenue, the bulk of that would probably then enter into the next fiscal year more so than this fiscal year. But obviously, we're excited about the progress we're making on the partner front.
Kash Rangan: Thank you so much.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Kash.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Murphy: Just following on Kash's question, the aspect of the lower customer headcount growth, we can see that nonfarm payrolls were growing 5% just a couple of years ago. It has fallen to about 1.8% recently. I'm curious if that roughly aligns with the slower headcount growth you're seeing across the base. In other words, could you be renewing contracts from two to three years ago and seeing that type of a headwind perhaps a few points' worth? And then secondarily, I'm just wondering if it's more pronounced at HCM than FINS because it would touch the entire employee base on the HCM side.
Zane Rowe: Hi, Mark, I'm happy to start that and then maybe have Carl give more color. I'd say generally, what we see is that the increase over our baseline has come down. So we still are fortunate to see increase in net headcount growth on a year-over-year basis. But what we've seen is a slowdown and candidly just below our expectations. So I think some of what you referenced earlier on nonfarm payrolls probably does align with what we're seeing. And the other part is just a subset of our cohort and our customer base just being impacted with how they're seeing it and the increase over the baseline amount coming in.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Go ahead, Doug. You have some color?
Doug Robinson: Yes. I'd just add to that, Mark, that we see that in both renewals that shows up, but also, as you know, we have a sort of true-up mechanism that happens on an annual basis. So customers, while they're still adding employees and headcount to the system, are doing it at a more moderated rate than we had anticipated in Q1.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Mark, I do think as both Zane and Doug alluded to, we did kind of expect a slowdown in headcount growth as compared to last year. But in Q1, it was even lower than our forecast. And we don't necessarily see that changing throughout the rest of the year, and we took that into account as we thought about the full year guidance.
Mark Murphy: And does that impact HCM more than FINS?
Zane Rowe: Equally, equally.
Carl Eschenbach: I think it's equally. It's not one versus the other. Obviously, we have a much larger installed base of HCM customers, so it would be more pronounced around HCM because of our customer base. But I think it's consistent across both HCM and FINS when we have both deployed.
Mark Murphy: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Kirk Materne: Yes, thanks very much. I want to maybe just continue on that question Mark was asking, which is I think one of the questions coming out of this will be, we understand some of the headwind of business. I guess what, I guess, buffers have you put into the guidance? Or have you changed sort of your thought process on either pipeline close rates or conversion rates so that we have a little bit more confidence in the full year guide? I realize the macro moves around a little bit. But can you just give us a little color on what you guys have done to make sure that the guide we have in front of us is appropriate given some of the headwinds we've -- that have come up over the last quarter?
Zane Rowe: Yes, Kirk, this is Zane. I'll start and then let Carl finish the answer. We've been thoughtful as far as projecting out for the year and how we've looked at each of these dynamics. And Carl touched on the impact on the pipeline, the fact that these companies haven't necessarily moved out. It's just been a slowing effect, and that's the part that's impacted us more so than actually losing deals. In fact, our win rates have come in nicely aligned with where we've seen them historically. So our forecast methodology hasn't changed. We feel good about the forecast. I'll point out, we've obviously moved the midpoint of our guide down $35 million for the full year. And we factored these two elements into account, and we are making adjustments accordingly for the year. But we believe that given what we see today, that the updated guidance accounts for the factors that we've mentioned here.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. And I'd just add, Kirk, that as we looked at our pipeline for the remainder of the year, we have a solid number of large opportunities in front of us. These opportunities, while there is more scrutiny, we think we have a really good chance to close them throughout the rest of the year. We've taken that into account in our guidance. And as you know, in any given quarter, these larger transactions can be pushed out, sometimes pushed out one or two quarters. And in some cases, we pull them in. But I think what's really important to know is none of the larger opportunities that didn't close in Q1 moved out of our pipeline. When a customer makes a decision to go to a big transformation of a platform like Workday and HCM or Financials, it's not if they're going to do it. It's when they're going to do it. And all of these remain in our pipeline, which is what gives us confidence on the guide going forward.
Kirk Materne: Thanks guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Thill: Thanks. Carl, on EMEA, I guess when you talk about lower wins, I know you've made a lot of changes in your players. Do you think some of this may be just a player swap-out in the short term where you're having some maybe internal execution versus an external? Or are you focused more that this is more of an external force that has nothing to do with some of the changes you've implemented over the last year?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks for the question, Brent. I absolutely don't think it has to do with anything we're doing internally. In fact, if you recall, for the last number of quarters, one of the things we've highlighted probably for the last four to six quarters, we've highlighted the execution that we've seen out of EMEA. We have new leaders. We're going to market differently with pricing and packaging. We're going to market differently with partners over there. We've added a lot of capacity. So everything we're doing in Europe, and for that matter, the rest of the world, I think, are all positive things. I don't think this is an execution issue at all. This is just a pocket of softness we saw outside of the U.S., and it was because of the factors we talked about. And specifically, in EMEA, last Q1, we closed a large number of bigger deals. We didn't have that same close rate this Q1, so the year-over-year compare was a bit tougher. But I don't think this has anything to do with what we're doing or how we're executing. In fact, I'm really bullish on the leadership team and how we're going to market any changes we've made outside the U.S.
Brent Thill: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brad Sills with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Bradley Sills: Hello. Great. Thank you so much. Maybe if I could just ask one more on some of the impacts you've seen during the quarter. We certainly understand if some of these bigger platform deals where there's both FINS and HCM involved are going to take longer to push over the finish line. We're certainly hearing that from the channel that you're seeing more of those deals. How much of this would you attribute to that move? It seems like something you're seeing increasingly. And I guess a related question to that is, was this largely limited to some of those newer platform deals as opposed to renewal deals? How did renewals in EMEA track this quarter? Thank you.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks for the question, Brad. I actually -- your question actually is part of my answer. So most of the deals that we see getting more scrutiny are net new deals. It's not renewals. And a lot of them are full platform when we're selling both HCM and we're selling FINS. When we're just selling HCM, we don't see as much scrutiny. That being said it, if it's a very large HCM transformational or platform deal, there is some additional scrutiny that does take place, but we absolutely are seeing more when it's full platform. The other thing I would say on the other side of that is full platform deals in the medium enterprise are accelerating. The reason for that is we can find a company who has a buyer and decision-maker that are one and the same and then make a decision around both HCM and Financials at once. So we talked about our Financials business and full platform business being up greater than 20% year-over-year. A lot of that is in the medium enterprise. But in the large enterprise, there is more scrutiny.
Zane Rowe: Hi, Brad, this is Zane. I'll just add. As you look at that forecast for the year, the $35 million, we'd attribute roughly half of that to the deal scrutiny that Carl just alluded to and then the other half to the headcount impact that we've seen. So net -- if you net it out through the year, it's about 50:50 mix.
Doug Robinson: Just wanted to -- this is Doug. Just one nuance I'd add to that. On large enterprise net new, as Carl was describing, there's actually pockets of strength, too. So there is an industry element to this. So within our health care segment and as well as our public sector, we are seeing that market continue to move, and they continued to perform really strong in Q1. In fact, I think health care was up another 50% in ACV growth in the quarter. So it's not to say there's a dearth, there's an absence of large deals getting done. It's just a tougher environment for most industries that we saw on a global basis, particularly Europe.
Carl Eschenbach: Doug, when you talk about the public sector, it's not just state and local. Now we're seeing some big wins like we saw in federal with the Department of Intelligent Agency.
Bradley Sills: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Scott Berg with Needham. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Berg: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking the question here. Carl touched on it just briefly a little bit a moment ago, but how about some clarity in terms of what you're seeing in the mid-market? Sounds like full platform deals are fine, but are you seeing some of the same scrutiny around sales cycles, some of the regional pressure there? Any additional color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, sure. So in the medium enterprise, we were really pleased with our performance, specifically in the U.S., where we've been selling into that market and built out the go-to-market engine a lot quicker than we did in Europe. We're building that out now in Europe. But in the U.S., our medium enterprise business was quite solid. The reason for that is now that we were pushing hard on Financials, we are absolutely seeing the Financials have an impact on full platform sales in the medium enterprise. Also, we've changed some of our pricing and packaging as we serve that market with Workday Accelerate, which now gives us the opportunity to sell a bundle or a suite. And it's easier to sell, and for customers, it's easier to consume. And we backed that up with some rapid delivery capabilities on the services side that actually allows customers to get value quicker. So across the board, we're really excited about what's happening in the medium enterprise. I'd also say when it comes to our partners, while yes, our partners are very impactful on the large enterprise, we talked about the pipeline build in Q1. A lot of that partner pipeline build came into medium enterprise. So overall, the medium enterprise continues to perform well. And actually, it's allowed us to even go down market quite even further. What we now call the emerging enterprise where we're able to sell because of the pricing and packaging and accelerated deployment, we can now address a market that's even further down than we've served in the past.
Scott Berg: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Karl Keirstead: Okay. Great. Thanks. Maybe I'll pivot to margins, so I'll direct this at you, Zane. Typically, you don't get a margin raise alongside a revenue cut. So maybe a two-parter. Where did you find those efficiencies to create that outcome? And then secondly, maybe just a bigger picture question. Would you and the leadership team consider effectively running Workday for a mid-teens growth and just leaning, cranking more on the margin upside? Is that on the table? Thank you.
Zane Rowe: Hi, Karl, yes. First off, I'll point out that as we've said for a number of quarters now, we continue to balance margin with revenue growth. And we've been fortunate to see outperformance on the top line for a number of quarters. And obviously, as I've also said, we'll invest very thoughtfully in a number of these growth areas and investment areas. And we've been doing that but we've been doing it judiciously. And we've also been focused across the company with our people, our processes and our systems and how we think about scale and just really being mindful about where we spend and where we invest across the business. So I would say no adjustment to that line of thinking. We're still very focused on growing this business. We think we've got tremendous TAM and tremendous opportunities around the globe. On the top line, we're pleased with the performance and with our over 19,000 Workmates, have been leaning in how to be more productive and how to be more efficient as we continue to scale this business. So I'm pleased there. Candidly, I think there's more to come on both fronts and excited about the opportunity. But we'll continue to balance that.
Karl Keirstead: Okay. Thank you, Zane.
Zane Rowe: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Aleksandr Zukin: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. If I'm reading the comments right, it doesn't sound competitive on the sales cycle elongation. It sounds more concentrated in Europe. I guess is there this dynamic where maybe some deals that you were expecting to get into Q1 actually got pulled into Q4 from some of the early renewal activity? Or was this concentrated in some vertical and geography, a couple of deals that pushed late in the quarter? Just give us a sense for that linearity of how it developed and kind of where you came out.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Alex. So first, we don't think it's anything to do with our competitors or our competitive win rates. In fact, they've remained quite stable. And when customers do decide to make a decision and move forward, our win rates are very good. That being said, as you know, in any given quarter, deals can come in or come out. In Q4, we had a solid quarter, delivered above our guidance in Q4, and we were able to pull in some deals. At the same time, we saw some deals in Q1 push out into the rest of the year. But our pipeline of big deals remains extremely solid. Has nothing at all to do with the competitive nature. In fact, I think we would say our competitors are helping us by pushing customers to migrate off their current and existing platforms, pushing them to the cloud. And when that happens, it opens up more opportunity for us. So I think our win rates are solid. Our discount rates have remained consistent. And when customers ultimately make a decision on a big platform transformation, they're coming to Workday.
Aleksandr Zukin: Perfect. And then, Zane, maybe just a follow-up on the headcount element on these renewals. I guess how should we think about that as a persistent headwind across your renewal cohorts or your renewal base? Have you reflected that at least either in the revenue guide or your thinking in backlog for the back half of the year? Is there a way to quantify how much of a persistent headwind, if there's kind of lower employee headcount, that renewal dynamic persists? What are we thinking here?
Zane Rowe: Yes, it's a good call out. We're assuming it remains consistent throughout the year. And to your point and I think what you're alluding to, it actually didn't impact us as much on the revenue side in Q1. But we expect it to persist through the year, which is why I mentioned that half of the change we made in our subscription revenue forecast for the year was attributable to this headcount dynamic that we're seeing with our customers. But we're assuming no change from the current environment as we look at the remainder of the year.
Aleksandr Zukin: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Zane Rowe: Of course. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Turrin with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Turrin: Hi, great. Thanks. Appreciate you taking the question. Q1 is generally lighter seasonally for Workday, but the commentary throughout the call suggests you're seeing more than just seasonal. So maybe I was hoping you could just level set how you assess how much is seasonal versus persistent. And to Alex's prior question, if we are in a world of lower headcount for longer, maybe speak to any offsets you see on the product side, whether it's consolidation, some of the AI-related product efforts you're working on or something else you have in your playbook just to potentially help offset some of that. Thank you.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Yes, Q1 obviously is always a more seasonally challenged quarter for us. That being said, we mentioned a couple of factors that changed in the quarter, and those dynamics were around the deal scrutiny. As we mentioned, we had lower performance internationally, specifically in EMEA, and then those headcount trends coming in lower than our forecast, and all of that led to us adjusting our guidance for the full year. As it relates to products and specifically AI, we're really encouraged by some of the things we're seeing as early and leading indicators around AI. On my prepared remarks, we talked about a couple of AI SKUs that are growing quite quickly, including talent optimization. We talked about Extend and now Extend Pro, which has our AI Gateway as part of it, growing very quickly, one of our fastest-growing SKUs ever. And we're also really excited around what we see with HiredScore, the acquisition for talent -- an AI-driven talent acquisition platform that we closed in the quarter. The pipeline there is building nicely. And then lastly, I would say there's a couple of other dynamics out there that we're seeing in the market. When we spend time talking to our customers, they are always asking us, "What are you guys doing around AI? And how can we leverage the massive data set that you have for both us and your broader customer base to leverage AI?" Because they are not looking to go spend money on another AI platform or some thin veneer solution that says they're AI. We are seeing quite a bit of activity within our customer base, and they're focused on leveraging all the AI capabilities we have. And where we see fit, we're monetizing it like the examples I just articulated.
Michael Turrin: All very helpful. Thank you.
Carl Eschenbach: And actually, Michael, one other thing I think was in my prepared remarks. We're launching the AI Marketplace this quarter, and we launched and spoke about it at Rising last year. It's actually going and will be up and running in production, and we'll be able to monetize our partners who will be part of the AI Marketplace starting this quarter.
Michael Turrin: Thank you.
Carl Eschenbach: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rishi Jaluria with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Rishi Jaluria: I wanted to maybe double back on to the philosophical debate on margin versus growth. So look, you're guiding to about 15.5% subscription growth in the back half of the year. I understand all the macro pieces. At the same time, you're raising margin guide. I'd have to wonder with kind of initiatives around AI, with using the partner channel, innovating on product, I'd have to imagine that it would maybe make sense that at some point, macro is going to turn better, right, that this is not sales execution, this is not competition, and maybe the market starts to grow faster. I guess why not kind of keep your foot on the accelerator when it comes to investments, especially given all these opportunities and how expensive AI workloads are to position yourself better for when macro eventually does turn better, and you're not going to kind of get caught underinvested? Help me kind of understand that philosophy. Thanks.
Zane Rowe: Yes, Rishi, you've pointed out a number of areas that we continue to invest in. And obviously, we're encouraged, as I mentioned, by the returns we're getting on those investments. We're also being thoughtful on the pace of those investments and as we build up those investments over time. So we feel like we're in a great position where we can continue to grow the top line, and then also as we scale this business, just be thoughtful around all the areas where we can benefit from internally, whether it's using AI internally. It's just being more productive internally, having a workforce around the globe as we become more international ourselves. So there are a number of areas, and we don't want to put -- let our foot off the accelerator on the top line. And then candidly, we just want to be very thoughtful in where we make those investments and how we can leverage those. So we feel like we're well positioned to take advantage when things do turn around and with all the progress we've made in a number of the key areas that we've highlighted previously.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. And I would just add, listen, our philosophy and strategy has been consistent. We want to build a company that has durable long-term growth while expanding operating margins, and we're doing exactly that. We're finding operational efficiencies across the company while continuing to lean into our key investment areas like Financials. Our Financials business, as we articulated, has been really solid again this quarter. Our units are up 20% year-over-year, and it's pulling through full platform sales. We're leaning into the partner ecosystem, and we talked about all the goodness that's happening with our partners. We're not going to pull back on our partner investment. In fact, if anything, I want to lean deeper into it. Internationally, while we had an air pocket in Q1 from a bookings perspective, let's not forget that greater than 50% of the TAM associated with our total market is outside the U.S. So we're going to continue to lean into the international opportunity. On the product side, we continued to invest in business quite deeply. We have a whole bunch of things that we showcased recently at our Innovation Summit. We have 50 different AI solutions in the market with 25 more coming out later this year. So we're investing in the business. What we're doing slightly better is we're more prudent internally on where we're investing those dollars. And that is paying off in sustained long-term growth and expanding operating margin simultaneously.
Rishi Jaluria: Wonderful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Derrick Wood with TD Cowen.
Derrick Wood: Great. Thanks. Carl, you guys called out health care and public as strong verticals. Are there certain verticals you'd call out that are seeing slower-than-expected headcount growth? And I know investors are going to poke it on this topic. But do you think that anything that's kind of AI productivity gains related and that's leading to slower headcount growth? Or what would you flag as causing this delta versus what you guys thought about entering the year?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, thanks for the question. Specifically on headcount growth, there are some industries, and I think you've seen it out there where we do see a bit slower headcount growth. Media and technology, to be specific, is definitely lower headcount growth than we anticipated from the past.
Derrick Wood: Okay. And just on the -- just in terms of what do you think caused the delta versus what you guys were thinking at the beginning of the year, is it macro-related? Is there anything AI-related that you'd call out?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. So as we indicated, we did reset our forecast for the full year on headcount growth. And it was down over last year, and it came in under what we had actually forecasted. I think it's macro-related. Is that macro relation coming from AI? I don't think we're in a position to say that we see that yet. I just think in general, we're seeing people not expand their headcount growth. And in some cases, like you've seen in the high-tech market, which is a big vertical for us, they've actually had layoffs. And when it comes to time of renewal, we have to reset our numbers.
Derrick Wood: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question will come from the line of Brian Schwartz with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Schwartz: Hi. Thanks for taking my question and squeezing me in. Carl and Doug, just one question I had on the scrutinizing of larger deals that you're seeing. Is that at all reflecting that the business cost optimization cycle could be slowing, that reducing vendors is less of a priority out there in budgets? I guess are you seeing any changes in the number of products that you're replacing in deals that you want in the first quarter? Thanks.
Carl Eschenbach: Do you want to start with that, Doug?
Doug Robinson: Yes. I mean I guess the counter to that is that we're still seeing optimization in our customer base, meaning there's this rationalization of vendors and standardizing on our platform that we are seeing in customer base. This was uniquely two transformational large projects where they don't do any business with us today. And what that come -- what comes with that is a large business transformation. There's more cautiousness. There's more roundtrips, there's more approvals, is where we saw that. So I don't know that I'm prepared to say that, that era is over because of what we're seeing specifically within our customer base.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Doug, I don't know if I have much to add other than our customer base is looking for Workday to consolidate their footprint around HR IT, no doubt. And we think we can do that because we have the platform and the extensibility to bring more and more applications on top of us. It's really the new deals, net new specifically in large enterprise on a global basis that we're seeing the scrutiny pick up.
Brian Schwartz: Thank you for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. I'll now turn it over to Mr. Eschenbach for final comments.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you, operator. I just want to take a few minutes to say something to the broader audience and thank everyone. First, I would like to thank all the analysts for joining us today. And I'd also like to send a special thanks out to our Workmates, customers and partners around the globe who continue to help fuel Workday's success. As you heard from my prepared remarks, we continue to lean into our key growth areas, and I'm excited by the momentum we're building, including the full platform wins, Financials and industry wins and the growth of our partner ecosystem. And we're driving efficiencies across the business at the same time. We can optimize for investments we want to make by being much more smart about what we're doing internally, and we are committed to delivering a balance of growth and margin expansion. With that, I'd like to hand it back over to you, Ms. Operator, to close today's call. And I wish everyone a great day, great evening and a good summer.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-02-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Fiscal 2024 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now hand it over to Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Justin Furby: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Workday's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. On the call, we have Carl Eschenbach, our CEO; Aneel Bhusri, our Executive Chair; Zane Rowe, our CFO; and Doug Robinson, our Co-President. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our fiscal 2023 annual report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for additional information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release, in our investor presentation and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Additionally, our quarterly investor presentation will be posted on our Investor Relations website following this call. Also, the Customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our first quarter fiscal 2025 quiet period begins on April 15, 2024. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2023. With that, I'll hand the call over to Carl.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you, Justin, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'm pleased to share that Workday delivered a solid Q4, achieving 18% subscription revenue growth and a non-GAAP operating margin of 24%. These results were driven by momentum across the business and capped off a year of strong execution by our nearly 19,000 Workmates across the globe. Over the course of the last year, we've made key investments across our leadership team, go-to-market and partner ecosystem and our platform, positioning us to drive enduring growth in FY '25 and beyond. I couldn't be prouder of what we've accomplished over the last year, particularly in an environment where deal scrutiny remains high. I'd like to thank our customers, partners and especially my fellow Workmates for making these results possible. My belief in the opportunity ahead for Workday and our value proposition has only gotten stronger in the 14 months since I've joined. With the emergence of AI, shifting talent landscape and pressure to realize operational efficiencies, leaders are turning to Workday as their trusted platform to manage their most critical assets, their people and their money. Customers have come to trust us with helping them navigate these huge transformations from the cloud to AI. In fact, the theme of building trust took center stage at the World Economic Forum annual meeting in Davos last month. Throughout my conversations, it was clear to me that leaders see the business benefits of implementing AI, but they also recognize building trust is key. Workday stands apart in our commitment to the responsible development of AI technologies, its responsible deployment within our own company and our advocacy for its regulation. We've been delivering AI capabilities to our customers for nearly a decade, building AI into the core of our platform, and we're making significant investments to further enhance our leadership in this area. Workday Skills Cloud, for example, uses AI to gain insights into an organization's current skills and identifies skills needed for the future, allowing for smarter decisions about talent across the company. In our upcoming R1 release, many of the generative AI use cases we showcased at Rising will be put into the hands of early adopters, including job descriptions and knowledge articles. To further accelerate our AI road map, today, we're excited to announce our planned acquisition of HiredScore, which provides AI-powered talent orchestration solutions. HiredScore's technology delivers data-driven insights to help improve recruiting and internal mobility processes. The combination of our data set in Workday Skills Cloud with HiredScore's solution will provide customers with a transparent, AI-powered talent acquisition and internal mobility offering. Not only is it technology compelling, but HiredScore and Workday share a commitment to responsible AI development, including a focus on explainability and transparency. We are absolutely thrilled about the potential of what we can do together. Now let's move into the performance from the quarter, which reflects the diversity and durability of Workday's business. As we shared at our Financial Analyst Day, our net new business is driven by a balanced mix of new customer wins and expansions within our installed base, which speaks to the significant opportunity that we have ahead. From a net new customer perspective, we once again saw strength in full platform deals. We welcomed customers like Australian Stock Exchange, Boyd Gaming Corporation, HHS, Randstad, UHS of Delaware and VXI Global Solutions as full platform HCM and Financials customers. And new HCM customers this quarter included Crane Company, El Corte Ingls, Hitachi Astemo, Hungry Jack's, Kohler Co., and Swisscom. Alongside healthy net new customer activity, our customer base team again delivered in Q4. We had several strategic expansions and renewals in the quarter, including BJ's, Goodyear and Greystar Global Enterprise. And we had a number of core Financial Management expansions across our HCM customer base, including Allied Financial, Huntington Bank, Intermountain Health and Stewart Title Guaranty. Our create and close motion also had another great quarter and is becoming an important driver of our customer-based sales team's growth. From a solutions perspective, we saw healthy uptake across our portfolio, including Extend, where new ACV doubled year-over-year in Q4. We now have more than 850 Extend customers, and I'm pleased to share that roughly 1/3 of our Extend new ACV signed in Q4 was from our new professional SKU, which includes AI Gateway as well as Workday Developer Copilot launching later this year. Beyond the wins we celebrate when our customers go live on our platform and I'm pleased to share that in FY '24, over 95% of our deployments went live on time. In Q4, we had several strategic HCM deployments, including AT&T, Northern Trust and Whataburger, alongside notable Financial Management go-lives, including American University, Sagility Operations and UMass Memorial Health. To propel our land and expand business, we continue to invest in several growth areas. I'll share a few highlights from those areas now, starting with international. Today, international represents over half of our addressable opportunity yet is 1/4 of our revenues. We're working to change that, and we're seeing early signs of progress. In EMEA, our leadership additions continue to drive improved and more consistent results. I spent a couple of weeks visiting our teams in Europe this past quarter, and I have to tell you, I am fired up by the momentum we're building. In Q4, our teams once again delivered healthy new ACV growth across key markets such as the U.K., Spain and France. We also closed our first deal in EMEA with our Alight co-sell partnership, and we continue to build pipeline with important partnerships alongside ADP and Alight in addition to our broader referral and co-sell ecosystem. In the Asia Pacific region, Australia delivered once again, and I'm pleased to share that Japan, which is a key investment priority, drove strong new ACV growth in Q4. While it's still early days for us in this market, we're focused on growing it. To help lead the way, I'm delighted to welcome Chikara Furuichi as our new leader of the Japanese market to help us win in one of the world's largest economies. Chikara brings over 25 years of experience in both SaaS security and cloud services from across Japan and APAC. He reports directly to Patrick Blair, our President of Global Sales. Moving to financials. We're seeing continued proof that our go-to-market and platform investments are paying off with healthy growth in core financials customers and new ACV and a robust pipeline looking forward. We drove a record number of new full platform wins in both Q4 and FY '24, and our industry approach is a clear driver of this momentum. Health care, for example, again grew new ACV over 50% in Q4, capping off a fantastic FY '24. Our innovation in key areas such as supply chain is differentiating us in the market and is driving industry awards such as the recent recognition in best-of-class in enterprise resource planning for the seventh year in a row. We're also pleased to share that Gartner named Workday a leader in the 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Financial Planning Software for the second time since the category's inception last year. Our education and government teams also drove continued success in FY '24, and higher ed was a standout in Q4 with a number of full platform wins, including Oregon State University, Portland Community College and the College of William and Mary. And to help accelerate our trajectory in the U.S. Federal business, I'm delighted to welcome Lynn Martin as our new federal leader. Lynn has more than 30 years' experience in the public sector, most recently running Google's U.S. federal business and before that, running VMware's public sector team for close to a decade. Supporting our progress around many of these investment areas is our partner ecosystem where our focus is delivering customer outcomes, growing our business through referrals and co-selling and building differentiated solutions. During Q4, we announced a strategic partnership with Insperity that delivers on all 3 of these priorities. Through this partnership, Workday will become the platform powering Insperity's PEO service for SMB organizations, effectively opening up a new market opportunity for us. It's a terrific example of how we're innovating our go-to-market strategy to drive growth. Another great example is the Spark&Grow offering, which we launched with Kainos. It helps our emerging and medium enterprise customers to go live on Workday in less than 4 weeks. We've seen incredible demand for this offering, and we're just getting started. These are 2 great examples of momentum that is building across our ecosystem, which I'm pleased to share now includes more than 200 partners that have been onboarded to refer new sales leads and co-sell with us. We launched this pilot program last May and we've seen momentum building throughout the year with a nice uptick in Q4 partner-driven pipeline generation. In closing, I'm incredibly proud of our team's strong execution throughout FY '24, all while navigating a dynamic environment and embracing important changes we've rolled out across the business. We enter FY '25 with a strong foundation and a clear strategy to support durable growth while at the same time continuing to drive efficiencies across the business. As I said on my first Workday earnings call 1 year ago, we have the opportunity to be one of the largest, most enduring and profitable software businesses of our time. I've never been more convinced in that belief. Before I turn the call over, I'd like to take a minute to acknowledge Aneel, who recently moved into a new role as Executive Chair. Aneel, it has been an incredible 14 months, and I'm truly grateful for your partnership and the trust you put in me to lead what you and Dave started nearly 19 years ago. Your technology vision and your commitment to Workday's special culture and values have put this company in an incredible position. I am excited for what we'll achieve together next. Thank you for continuing to be in my corner not just in guiding the applications and platform development but also as a friend. Aneel, over to you.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Carl, and to everyone joining today's call. As Carl highlighted, we are continuing to see solid momentum across the business, fueled in large part by our ability to deliver the innovation our customers need to thrive in today's fast-paced and dynamic environment. There is no doubt that more and more organizations, spanning midsize to large enterprises, are seeing the increasing value in building their businesses upon the Workday platform with AI at its core. Earlier this month, we officially named Carl sole CEO of Workday while I assumed the role of Executive Chair. As I've said before, there is no better person than Carl to lead Workday through this next chapter of growth. He has already made a tremendous impact on the business from day 1. And thanks to his leadership, we are already successfully executing on several key growth initiatives and strategies that he put in place. Furthermore, and most importantly, Carl perfectly aligns with our values-driven approach, and I can't wait to see what the future holds for us with him at the helm. As Executive Chair, I'll remain actively involved but with an emphasis on my true passion as a technologist. Together with our Co-President, Sayan Chakraborty, and the rest of our amazing product and technology organization, I will focus on guiding the future direction of Workday's applications and technology platform while staying close to our Workmates and our customers. How we evolve and expand the Workday platform in the coming years will be critical to our continued growth and scale. To help us do that, we have identified several core elements of our innovation strategy that we plan on building out over the next 12 to 18 months. The first is a continued focus on evolving our Financial Management and HCM applications so that we can further empower the offices of finance and HR to optimize their 2 most important assets, their people and their money. Next is AI. Fueled by our 10-year head start and unique approach to building AI directly into the core, we will continue to responsibly deliver new ML models that solve real business problems for our customers and enable their employees. We'll also incorporate high-value generative AI capabilities to enhance search, understand historical context, make recommendations and create content. Additionally, I'm incredibly excited about bringing HiredScore into the fold and how we'll further strengthen our overall AI capabilities. Third is industry, with an emphasis on deepening our offerings in retail and hospitality, education and government along with financial services, health care, professional services and tech and media. Extensibility is another important focus area so that we can enable IT teams to build and maintain integrations between Workday and third-party systems, ultimately extending the value of our platform. Our new Extend AI Gateway, which we announced at Rising last year, is a perfect example of the type of work we are focused on here. Fifth is experiences. Delivering persona-tailored experiences empowers high-performing employees and teams for maximum productivity. Manager Insights Hub and Flex Teams, which we also unveiled at Rising, are just a few of the ways we've already been delivering enhanced experiences for managers. The final area of investment is security and resiliency, which is foundational to everything we do. With more than 10,000 organizations depending on Workday to help run their businesses, it's essential that we design to protect the resilience and performance of critical processes, safeguard against the growing number of global cybersecurity threats and increase our investment in public cloud offerings to drive greater performance, scalability and security for our customers. We're also investing in our long-term innovation strategy by continuing to strengthen our product and technology leadership team. I'm pleased to share that David Somers has been appointed as our new Chief Product Officer and will lead development across our full suite of products. David, who will continue to report into Sayan, has been instrumental in leading our HR product strategy and development in the last few years, and I'm excited that he will be helping to lead our efforts to build out the capabilities of Workday's full product portfolio. As I think back to our early days, it's incredible to see the growth and scale we've been able to achieve. When our customers first went live in 2007, we offered a few different products. Today, we offer a full platform that helps our customers transform how they manage their people and their money. Additionally, we now have more than 5,400 core HCM and Finance customers, more than 65 million users under contract and process over 800 billion transactions per year. I'm proud of the company we've built and the continued value and impact that we deliver for our customers. In closing, I want to extend my deepest thanks to our nearly 19,000 Workmates around the world for finishing our fiscal year 2024 in such a strong fashion. Workday's future is incredibly bright, and I'm energized to work alongside them, Carl and the rest of our leadership team to help drive Workday forward. With that, I'll hand it over to Zane. Over to you, Zane.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Aneel, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. As Carl and Aneel mentioned, Q4 marked a solid close to FY '24 with momentum building across our key investment initiatives. We enter FY '25 well positioned to deliver another year of durable subscription revenue growth, coupled with expanding margins. Turning to results. Subscription revenue in Q4 was $1.76 billion, up 18%, and full year FY '24 subscription revenue was $6.6 billion, growing 19%. Professional services revenue was $162 million in the quarter and $656 million for the year. Total revenue in Q4 was $1.92 billion and for the full year was $7.26 billion, both growing 17%. U.S. revenue in Q4 totaled $1.44 billion, up 16%, and international revenue totaled $478 million, growth of 21%. For the year, U.S. revenue was $5.46 billion and international revenue was $1.8 billion, both growing 17%. As we have highlighted, we see significant long-term international market opportunities, which we expect over time will become a more meaningful driver of our growth. 12-month subscription revenue backlog or CRPO was $6.62 billion at the end of Q4, representing growth of 20% with the outperformance driven by higher-than-anticipated early renewals. Gross and net revenue retention rates remain over 95% and over 100%, respectively. Total subscription revenue backlog at the end of the quarter was $20.92 billion, up 27%. Our non-GAAP operating income for the fourth quarter was $461 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 23.9%. Full year non-GAAP operating income was $1.74 billion, reflecting a non-GAAP operating margin of 24%. Q4 GAAP net income benefited from a onetime $1.1 billion valuation allowance release related to our U.S. deferred tax assets. Q4 operating cash flow was $996 million, with approximately $100 million of the outperformance driven by strong in-quarter collections and earlier-than-expected payments. Full year operating cash flow was $2.15 billion, growth of 30%. During Q4, we repurchased $136 million of our shares at an average price of $253.85 per share. In addition, our Board of Directors has authorized a new $500 million share repurchase program. We ended the quarter with $7.8 billion in cash and marketable securities. We continue to invest in growth areas of the business, and we ended January with over 18,800 Workmates around the globe. Now turning to guidance. We are reiterating our full year FY '25 subscription revenue guidance of $7.725 billion to $7.775 billion, representing growth of 17% to 18%, which aligns with the preliminary outlook we provided last quarter. This guidance reflects our Q4 performance and our expectation for current macro conditions to persist throughout FY '25. We expect Q1 FY '25 subscription revenue to be $1.81 billion, representing 18% growth. I will highlight that Q1 benefits from an extra day of revenue recognition, given the leap year. Normalized for this, our guided subscription revenue growth in Q1 is approximately 17%. For Q2, we expect subscription revenue to increase approximately 5% sequentially, reflecting typical seasonality in the business when considering the leap year impact of Q1. We anticipate FY '25 professional services revenue of approximately $630 million to $640 million as we further leverage our partner ecosystem. For Q1, we expect professional services revenue of $163 million. Turning to backlog. As we've highlighted, CRPO growth is influenced by quarter-to-quarter variability in renewal volume, which can impact its growth in any particular quarter. In FY '25, we expect CRPO growth to come off the elevated levels we experienced in FY '24 as we lap periods of strong scheduled and early renewals. Given this variability, we expect CRPO to increase between 17.5% and 18.5% in Q1. We expect FY '25 non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 24.5%. Our outlook contemplates incremental investments across our key growth initiatives while delivering continued margin expansion as we scale and optimize the business. For Q1, we expect non-GAAP operating margin of 24.5%. GAAP operating margins for the first quarter and full year are expected to be approximately 24 and 21 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margins, respectively. The FY '25 non-GAAP tax rate is 19%. We expect FY '25 operating cash flow of $2.25 billion, which is impacted by the $100 million of Q4 collections I called out as well as an extra payroll payment we expect to make in FY '25, given the leap year. In addition, we expect FY '25 capital expenditures of approximately $330 million. Our FY '25 outlook takes into account the acquisition of HiredScore, which is expected to close later this quarter. We're pleased with our execution in FY '24, thanks to the support of our customers, partners and Workmates. With momentum building across our strategic growth areas, we enter FY '25 focused on continuing to invest to drive long-term growth while also expanding margins. Let me turn it back over to Aneel before we begin Q&A.
Aneel Bhusri: Thanks, Zane. Given my new role, this will be my last regularly scheduled earnings call as I fully hand over the reins to the great Carl and Zane. It's been a pleasure getting to know so many of you over the years, and I wanted to give a special thank you to Mark Murphy, Brent Thill, Pat Walravens, Kirk Materne and John DiFucci, who have all been covering Workday since our IPO in 2012, and also to Kash Rangan, who I'm sure wanted to cover us back then but couldn't because his wife was a Workmate at the time. Okay. With that, operator, let's go to the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs.
Kasthuri Rangan: I am almost fighting tears in my eyes, Aneel. I was glad to be a part of the family, and now I'm part of the extended family since my wife is no longer a Workmate, but we're still here with you guys. One question for Carl and team, maybe. You gave guidance for next year back in September at Rising. The economic environment, the outlook has generally gotten better, right, or seemingly out of the fear of a recession. And you've got a slew of new products, you've got an expanded partnership strategy. You've got a reseller partnership strategy as well. So with all these new dimensions, what is getting the growth rate of the company -- because the guidance is roughly the same as it was. I'm just trying to understand the level of conservatism vis--vis the levers that you have today, macro and micro included, that are definitely putting the company in a better position.
Carl Eschenbach: Kash, thanks for the question. Before I answer it, I just want to start by thanking our Workmates, partners and customers around the world for delivering a solid Q4 and an outstanding full FY '24 performance. I could not be prouder of our execution, especially given the uncertainties of the environment at the start of FY '24 and while embracing important changes we've put in place here at Workday. The value proposition of our Workday platform continues to grow, which is evident from our results. The durability and diversity of our business delivers consistent solid growth while also driving operating leverage. I am grateful to Aneel for this incredible partnership that we have, and we can't wait to see what we're going to do together with the rest of our Workmates this year. We are just getting started. Kash, to answer your question, as you know, we have really put in place a number of strategic growth initiatives starting last year, and all of them are taken into account when we think about our guidance for this full year. When you think about what we announced at the Financial Analyst Day, we announced a 3-year growth strategy that maintained pretty consistent growth over the next 3 years as we got larger and we continue to expand our operating margin. Then at the end of Q3, we delivered a preliminary guidance for FY '25, which we reiterated here on this call today. Our growth initiatives are paying off. We have really solid growth. We continue to expand margins, and we will continue to lean into those growth initiatives as we think about the rest of this year. So we're pretty proud that we're maintaining the growth rate we have and still expanding margins, and it's because of those strategic initiatives that you mentioned that we are leaning into.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan.
Mark Murphy: First off, Aneel, I wanted to thank you for everything over so many years and that -- to let you know that I'm incredibly grateful. Carl, I wanted to ask you, it feels -- you and/or Aneel, I should say. It feels like Workday has been quietly gaining a reputation as a lighthouse for AI, and you're focusing on the safe handling of all this data and not overcharging. As you introduce these products in the upcoming release that you mentioned, what type of productivity boosts are you expecting to achieve for an HR practitioner? And I'm just wondering, is it strongest in the talent areas of skills and hiring, which I think you're mentioning more? Or do you think it's going to be more broadly applicable in other areas like budgeting and supply chain and so on and so forth?
Aneel Bhusri: Maybe I'll just take the high level and I'll turn it over to Carl. AI is going to be important across all those applications. But the first area that we've seen quite a bit of interest and traction has been on the talent management side, both through our Talent Optimization and Skills Cloud products and now through the acquisition of HiredScore. It's a natural area for AI to showcase. But as you think about an area like budgeting, hugely powered to think about effectively a Copilot driving smarter and smarter plans automatically for you and being able to replan on an almost instantaneous basis. And the world is so dynamic right now, it's really what you need. So in terms of productivity, I'll let Carl talk about it.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks, Aneel. Yes, Mark, I do think the first place we're seeing true productivity gains is around what I would just describe as talent acquisition. And when you think about the addition of HiredScore, that we just acquired, along with our recruiting platform, our Talent Optimization platform and our candidate engagement platform, it gives us the ability to deliver a full suite for talent acquisition around how we identify talent, how we engage with them, how we source or recruit them and then how we retain them for internal mobility. So I am really confident in our ability to deliver a strong ROI to the recruiting and talent organizations, with us having what I think now is one of the best full platform suites for talent acquisition going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Aneel, congratulations on the new responsibilities and great job on building a great company. My question is for Zane actually, and it's, I think, more about sort of guidance. This quarter, subscription revenues was about $5 million ahead of your guidance. I think this is probably the smallest beat that we've ever seen from Workday in terms of subscription revenues. It seems like there's a lot of dynamics going on with early renewals and like how that impacts CRPO. Was there any impact on subscription revenues? Or anything that can help us understand sort of the skinnier-than-typical beat in terms of subscription revenues that we saw in the current quarter?
Zane Rowe: Sure, Keith. Yes, I mean, subscription revenues came in obviously ahead of our guide and as you point out, still ahead of where the Street was. I'll point out, fourth quarter is a big quarter for us and we had a really busy January. So some of that may have been reflected in the quarter as far as if you think about just linearity throughout the quarter. So there was some impact into the quarter. But as we look to FY '25 and we think about the buildup heading into FY '25, as you pointed out, we've seen good CRPO growth through all of last year. And as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, we don't necessarily anticipate that level of growth above the subscription revenue growth that we've seen just because of the renewal activity on both the scheduled side as well as the early renewal activity. So there's some of that built into the guide. There's nothing that I would point out in the fourth quarter other than it was a solid fourth quarter. We feel really good about the momentum we have in the business. We feel good about the outlook. As Carl pointed out, it's consistent with the outlook and the guide that we gave a quarter ago. So we feel great about where we're sitting right now. I will also point out the aggregate level of CRPO. If you look at that versus the upcoming guide for the year, we're actually at a slightly higher level than where we were for the same time of the prior year, so the same time last year. So again, we feel like we're very well positioned heading into the year. It was a good fourth quarter and we're all ready to execute into FY '25.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore.
Kirk Materne: And Aneel, I'll echo my thanks and best wishes on your new role. I think my question is for Carl. Carl, obviously, platform deals this year seem to have been a pretty big lever for you all, especially in the mid-market. Can you just talk about your confidence level in the pipeline around platform deals as we go into fiscal '25 and just sort of what that looks like?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Kirk. As we've said for the last year, we are focusing on delivering a full platform solution to our customers, both HCM and Financials, and we have seen a nice uptick in our selling motion there. In the medium enterprise, we're seeing a big uptick, so our full platform sales are going up, but we're also seeing it in the upmarket as well in large enterprise. And then there are certain industries where we see it like state and local government. We see it in health care. Our health care business had a really big quarter, a 50% growth year-over-year. So it is definitely a selling motion we're leaning into. And I think, quite frankly, we're just getting started. Our Financials platform continues to gain momentum in the market. We're able to sell FINS back into our existing HCM customers, so they become full platform customers. And net new sales, a lot of them are full platform from day 1. So the full platform approach we're taking is clearly paying dividends and driving our growth. We will also be -- starting next week, we'll be transitioning. In the past, we've talked about some pricing and packaging where we'll be selling more suites and bundles. That's something we'll be educating our field on next week. It's been in pilot. It's -- the pilot has gone well. And we're quite hopeful about how we're going to change pricing and packaging to encourage customers to have an easier way to buy a full platform from Workday.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Jefferies.
Brent Thill: Aneel, I'm glad you had that meal at the Truckee Diner. I'm sure you're thankful for that. Thanks again for everything. Carl, I think just back to Keith's question, when we see 22% backlog in Q3 going to 20% in Q4 and down to 18% in Q1 on the guide, I think everyone appreciates the steps and initiatives you're taking, but the growth numbers are kind of working in the wrong direction relative to the initiatives that you're taking. And I realize that perhaps this takes some time to play out, but I think everyone is trying to understand the environment is getting better, yet the backlog numbers seem to be declining quarter-over-quarter and then in Q1. So I'm just curious if you can help bridge what's going on.
Zane Rowe: Brent, yes, I'll start. This is Zane. We are very pleased with the backlog build. And as we pointed out, we focused primarily on subscription revenue build, and backlog is influenced by not only scheduled renewals but also this early renewal activity, which we now lap. If you recall, we started talking about that a year ago. So again, the 20% backlog growth that we saw this quarter actually came in, if you recall, about 1 point higher than even our expectations. And a big contributor of that was the pull-in that we saw through this early renewal activity. And we would expect backlog to have some variability on a quarter-to-quarter basis as you think about how you build backlog and how it's aligned with not only new ACV growth but the scheduled renewal growth. So it's coming in, I'd say, very close to our expectation. As we point out and as I mentioned over the last number of calls, we don't expect to see, in particular with CRPO, the sustained growth level coming in higher than subscription revenue growth in perpetuity. And we feel really good about the aggregate. If you look at the aggregate CRPO level as a percent of the guide, you can see it's actually at a higher level than what it was last year. So we feel really good about the build. But as I caution, there will be some variability as we expect on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Also, Zane, I just wanted to touch on the renewals dynamic. It's a conversation we've had now, I guess, for our fifth earnings call in a row here. But it is, again -- early renewals is an output of customer demand. And when customers want to buy product from us and consolidate onto our best-of-breed platform as opposed to having all these -- or best-of-suite platform versus all these best-of-breed solutions, it drives early renewals. So our teams don't get paid on early renewals. It's basically customer demand and early renewals is an output, right? It's not something we go out and focus on. So we're very pleased with the demand we see from customers, both net new and our customer base and selling back into them, which does drive early renewals. But that can vary, Zane, as you know, right, in any given quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Sills with Bank of America.
Bradley Sills: Congratulations, Aneel, on your new role here. I wanted to ask one on the verticals here. It's a big focus. You've been talking about this for a couple of years now. I know government, higher ed, health care, those have been relatively strong for quite some time. Can you give us a sense for which one in the other list, retail, hospitality, financials, tech and media where you see some of the fruits of the efforts that you've been making here to build on the product and go-to-market where we could see some incremental strength in any of those verticals?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Maybe I'll start, Doug, and then you can add, if you don't mind. I think the industry strategy or the vertical strategy we have here at Workday plays nicely with, if you will, our segment strategy. That's why we talk a lot about the diversity of our business. But to your point, health care continues to be a very large segment for us. We talked about retail and hospitality last quarter was the second, if you will, vertical that crossed $1 billion in ARR. We talked about the continued momentum around higher ed and full platform sales there. And then also around financial services, we didn't call it out and specifically in the earnings call as a vertical, but we had a number of very significant financial sales back into existing HCM customers around financial services. So that was a great indicator that full platform is resonating around financial services as well. So our industry strategy is playing out, and we saw another really strong quarter across those key markets. Doug, I don't know, maybe you have some additional color you'd like to add.
Douglas Robinson: Sure. So in addition to the usual suspects of sort of those top industries that you excluded from the question, 2 that stand out. Professional services, I think we even highlighted the Randstad win. But we're seeing industries like professional services or business services where you bring people and money together are the perfect sort of scenario for a full platform opportunity for Workday. So we saw really good performance there in Q4. And then the second, which doesn't really sort of capture maybe the attention it deserves at times, which is medium enterprise platform deals, cuts across all of the industries you mentioned and includes the ones that, again, are the health care, FSI, public sector that you know well from us. So those are the 2 that I'd call out, Carl.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research.
Aleksandr Zukin: I wanted to maybe ask just the [indiscernible]. First, maybe in terms of the quarter itself, the fourth quarter, if you kind of dissect the large enterprise traction and activity versus kind of your traction activity in the mid-market, how would you say this fourth quarter trended versus previous? And then maybe, Zane, on the guide, is there any way to dimensionalize how much hired source -- or HiredScore, sorry, revenue you're including for the full year, just given you're reiterating a prior guide now with some acquired revenue?
Zane Rowe: Sure. Yes, I'll start on the inclusion. It's considered part of the prior guide. It's not a meaningful part of the total revenue guide, and we obviously include it in our cost base as well. So not meaningful when you think about the guide for this year but obviously very strategic for us, and we're very excited about what it will contribute beyond FY '25.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. And on the LE versus the medium enterprise, I'll let Doug start and then I'll add some color.
Douglas Robinson: Yes. So I'd say that Q4 was very similar to Q3 in terms of ME, LE both hitting really solid growth rates. And I'd draw the distinction between Q3 and Q4 where ME really snapped back. The first half of the year, I think we had even called this out in previous earnings calls, we saw certain industries within medium enterprise have some softness. But in Q3, and this held true in Q4 as well, medium enterprise, particularly medium enterprise net new, snapped back, so we saw really good growth dynamics in both ME and LE for Q4.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. And on the LE side, Doug, as we said in my prepared remarks and just we answered in the prior question, we had a really strong quarter again in health care, a good state and local government as well and then higher ed. They're 3 strong categories, right, that actually fall into our large enterprise business that once again had really strong performance in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Turrin with Wells Fargo.
Michael Turrin: Maybe one for Zane on margin. You're up to 24% operating margin here, guiding for 24.5% as a starting point for next year, so within striking distance at the low end of that longer-term target range you framed out. I just would love to hear you spend some more time on how you're approaching the balance between growth and margin from here. And then on free cash flow, appreciate the Q4 commentary and the outperformance there. It looks like the initial fiscal '25 free cash flow outlook is relatively consistent with fiscal '24. So outside of that 4Q, kind of just anything else you can add on what might be the puts and takes on free cash flow is helpful.
Zane Rowe: Sure, Michael. Happy to talk a little bit about margin. I'd say it's consistent with the conversation we've had, candidly, through all of FY '24. But as we outlined at our Financial Analyst Day, Carl and the team have really taken, I think, a thoughtful approach across those investment buckets that we've highlighted to everyone, including our international expansion, the focus on FINS, on AI and leaning into partnerships, and obviously, as we've highlighted this quarter, also highlighting organic growth and M&A growth. And we've really balanced the investments that we're making and contemplated that with the outlook and the buildup for FY '21 -- sorry, FY '25, but also aligning for our longer-term outlook and continue to focus on not only investing in the right areas, but obviously, that driving long-term growth and contributing to a margin expansion over that period of time. So it's a balance that we continue to focus on. The team here are looking at each of those investment areas and categories and thinking about how to adjust those dynamically where we see opportunities around the globe, quite frankly, and leaning in where we can and at the same time, as you would expect, as we continue to focus on being more efficient as an organization and thinking about our global presence and focusing on those efficiencies so that we can not only scale the organization but reinvest in some of these key areas. And that's, I think, represented in the outlook that we have, both the top line growth and then the margin expansion coming in nicely aligned with the midterm outlook that we provided at Financial Analyst Day. And I would say operating cash flow and then free cash flow aligns with that. I highlighted the fact that in FY '24, we clearly benefited from some strong collections and early collections. We don't necessarily anticipate that reoccurring next year, and we factored that into the guide, into our OCF guide for FY '25. So we're pleased with the growth there. If you adjust for the $100 million as well as the extra pay period that just so happens to align because of the leap year, you get back to OCF growth that I believe is in line with the business growth. So we feel really good about the cash growth in the business and obviously feel very good about the top line growth and the margin expansion that we're seeing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with UBS.
Karl Keirstead: Maybe I'll direct this to Zane. And Zane, back on the CRPO, so a 2-parter. For the 20% CRPO growth that you put up for the January quarter, are you able to disclose what the early renewal impact was? I think 3 months ago, you had mentioned that it was a little bit more than 1 point. Curious what it was for January. And then when we look forward, just to clarify, is the guidance for 18% CRPO growth for April, have you now fully lapped this early renewal dynamic such that we should think about that being more of a normalized or clean compare? Or does this dynamic still represent a headwind that maybe in a couple of quarters you work through and you get a bit of a recovery in the year-over-year growth? I'd love to understand that without obviously asking for specific guidance.
Zane Rowe: Sure. Yes, of course, Karl. Yes, as you mentioned, in the fourth quarter, the 20% included about 1.5 points of early renewal activity, some of which we expected. But with the growth that we saw, obviously, just in ACV growth as well as that early renewal activity that came in ahead of our guide, I mentioned it came in, I believe, 1 point ahead of our guide. So we were very pleased with the CRPO growth in the quarter. But I'll also point out, we're still focused on subscription revenue. We are lapping a period of higher than traditional growth tied to these early renewals. And as I mentioned, I believe, at our Financial Analyst Day where I gave an example, at times, duration and the level of renewal activity, both scheduled and early, can have a fairly significant impact on that CRPO growth. So as we look at our scheduled renewals from FY '24 to FY '25, we actually continue to see nice growth, if you look at it on an annualized basis. But I'll point out, you do get some variability on a quarter-to-quarter basis, which is why we're now actually even including a range into our expectation heading into Q1. So you do -- you lap some of that early renewal activity that we've clearly benefited from, but we don't necessarily anticipate that growth that we've seen in at least the prior number of quarters to continue at that rate. And candidly, we're thrilled with the increase that we see in CRPO, but again, that's not the only driver to our forecasted subscription revenue growth, which is the key area that we focus on. So netting it out, we feel good about our CRPO aggregate levels, and we would expect to see some variability, which is included in our first quarter guide.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derrick Wood with TD Cowen.
James Wood: Carl, you guys hired a lot of sales reps focused on selling core FINS over the last few quarters. Can you just give us a sense of how you're feeling about ramp to productivity times, how we should be thinking about kind of where we are in year-over-year growth and fully ramped sales capacity into the new year and just how you're thinking about sales hiring plans through fiscal '25?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Derrick. So you are right. Last year at this time, we announced we were doubling down our efforts on the go-to-market side around Financials, and that included hiring out a whole bunch of new sales reps, which we did, and that continued throughout Q4. And what we do is every quarter, we look at our key metrics on how we're performing against that investment. We look at the pipeline. We look at new logo wins. We said it was up pretty significantly here in Q4. We look at our competitive win rates, which continued to tick up throughout the year on Financials. We also take a look at new ACV, which we said was up year-over-year on Financials. And then the drag effect on all of that is full platform sales, which were also up in Q4 on a year-over-year basis. So we are pleased with the investments we've made on the go-to-market side around Financials, and we will continue to lean into that as these people become more and more productive. If you think about it, a lot of them have been on board only 6 or 9 or even 3 months, so we haven't seen the impact of the full investment at this time. It's also important to note that we're investing in Financials, not just directly in our own sales force but how we partner with our ecosystem. And also, we continue to invest in the product side of the business around Financials so that we have a much more global and localized platform around the world because we see that as a big opportunity as well. So net-net, we're very happy with the investment. We'll continue to lean in. We think it's a huge market opportunity. We've said many times, only 20% or 25% of workloads have moved to the cloud. And then if you combine that with our competition pushing customers to a new platform, it's a rich opportunity for us going forward.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Brent Bracelin with Piper Sandler.
Brent Bracelin: I get the noise here and renewal timing issues impacting CRPO. Wanted to double-click into subscription revenue growth. We've seen 6 quarters of slowing growth in the subscription business. You're actually guiding to growth to accelerate for the first time here into Q1. What is driving the optimism around this reacceleration of subscription growth? And maybe you could provide a little color around the pipeline visibility this year versus going into last year.
Zane Rowe: Sure. I'll start and then let Carl give a little more insight into the pipeline. I did point out that subscription revenue growth heading into Q1 does benefit from the additional day tied to the leap year. And as you would expect, heading into the next quarter, we have good visibility into the pipeline. We also have good visibility into the aggregate level of CRPO. So we feel good about what we've presented for not only the quarter but also the subscription revenue guide that we've given for the year, which aligns with our overall midterm outlook. So we believe that between the pipeline and the CRPO, we feel good about that revenue guide.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. And on us being cautiously optimistic on the year and why we provided the type of guidance we did for both Q1 and the full year FY '25, it's because the investments that we put in place last year are really coming to fruition for us, whether it's in the Financials platform that I just articulated. The partners are really starting to bring us new opportunities, and we're leveraging them for co-innovation. Our international focus, we talked about it over the last year and all the new talent we brought. We're seeing consistent and predictable results out of Europe, and we had a great quarter in APAC, and even Japan did a really nice performance for us. And then on AI, we think we got the most compelling AI platform in our market, and we continue to organically innovate there, and we're doing inorganic innovation like we did with HiredScore. So all of that gives us cautious optimism as we think about both Q1 and FY '25.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. I'll now turn it over to Mr. Eschenbach for final comments.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you, operator, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call, and a special thanks to our Workmates, customers, and partners around the globe that continue to fuel Workday's success. Q4 was another solid quarter, highlighted by the durable mission-critical nature of our business and reinforcing the exciting growth opportunity we have ahead. We are well positioned and focused on getting off to a good start here in FY '25. With that, I'll hand the call back over to the operator to close today's call. And I hope everyone has a great evening.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2023-11-28 20:25:11) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Fiscal 2024 Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. During the Q&A, please limit your questions to one. I will now hand it over to Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations. Justin, you may begin.
Justin Furby: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Workday's third quarter fiscal 2024 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri; and Carl Eschenbach our Co-CEOs; Zane Rowe, our CFO; and Doug Robinson, our Co-President. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations, and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our fiscal 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for additional information on risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release, in our investor presentation, and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Additionally, our quarterly investor presentation will be posted on our Investor Relations website following this call. Also the customer's page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our fourth quarter fiscal 2024 quiet period begins on January 15th, 2024. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2023. With that, I'll hand the call over to Carl.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you, Justin. And thank you, everyone for joining our Q3 FY 2024 earnings call. I'm pleased to share that Workday delivered another strong quarter, achieving 18% subscription revenue growth, 22% 12 month backlog growth and non-GAAP operating margin of 25%. These results were driven by broad based strength across net-new and customer base teams, medium and large enterprise and across regions, notably, the U.S. and EMEA. I want to thank the more than 18,300 workmates around the globe for partnering with our customers to help drive these impressive results. There is a clear sense of momentum across our business and it was on full display at Workday Rising in September, there we unleased new AI innovation, delivered product and partnership announcements and drew a record 28,000 attendees in-person and online. In fact, over half of our active pipeline was touched by our rising event in San Francisco. And just a couple of weeks ago in Barcelona, we followed up with our largest ever EMEA rising event with over 4500 people in attendance. When speaking with customers, prospects and partners at these events, a few things stood out to me. First talent continues to be a top C-Suite priority. In this macro-environment businesses are looking to scale and drive productivity. They can achieve both outcomes by simply hiring more. Leaders are turning to Workday to help them reskill and upskill their workforce, all while delivering a great employee experience that helps them reduce attrition and ultimately drives productivity. Second leaders are continuing to consolidate their technology footprint on a true platform to realize total cost of ownership benefits, while also accelerating their operations. Workday is perfectly positioned to benefit as the intelligent digital backbone businesses can rely on to manage their most precious assets, their people, and their money. And finally, AI, and in particular, generative AI is becoming a business imperative. As a trusted partner and a market leader with over 65 million users under contract we can uniquely drive efficiencies and improve the employee experience. Aneel will share more, but. I will say, that it is what we are doing and not just saying that is resonating with our customers. Simply put, our value proposition has never been so relevant and powerful. That's clear, in the results our team delivered in Q3 and in the first half of FY 2024. At our recent financial Analyst Day, we talked about the diversity and durability of our business and how it helps us grow during times of headwinds and times of tailwinds. This theme was evident in the wins we had this quarter. From a net-new customer perspective, we once again saw strength in full platform deals. We welcome customers like AdventHealth, Bentley Systems, Houston Methodist and Lifespan as new full platform HCM and financials customers. And new HCM customers such as Greene King Brewing, Group 1 Automotive, Minor Hotel Group and the U.S. Department of Energy helped us surpass 5,000 core HCM customers on Workday. Alongside healthy new customer activity, we had several strategic expansions and renewals in the quarter, including Magna International, Mondelez Global, Sonoco Products Company and Southwest Airlines. And I'm pleased to share that our create and close business had another great quarter and it's becoming a meaningful driver of our customer base sales teams growth. Now, I want to highlight some of the key growth areas we discussed with you at our Financial Analyst Day. Starting with international, which represents over half our addressable opportunity. In EMEA, I'm pleased to say that our leadership additions are driving improved and more consistent results. The team here once again delivered strong new ACV, particularly in the UK, Germany, France and Spain and helped us eclipse the $1 billion ARR mark in the region. Win rates were robust against our competitors, even in their own backyards. We had important new wins like AXA UK, Aurelius Group and International schools along with expansions at BBVA, Carl Zeiss and TELUS Global Services among others. And in the Asia Pacific region, Australia performed well with wins such as Ramsay Health Care and Wesley mission Queensland. We still have work to do in APAC. But we're focused on it and I'm delighted, Simon Tate has joined us to run the region. We're also making important investments in Japan to help expand our opportunity within one of the world's largest economies. As part of this, our leader in Japan will now report directly to Patrick Blair, our President of Global Sales. Moving to financials. We are seeing proof that our go-to-market investments are continuing to pay-off with healthy growth in both core financial customers and new ACV. New full platform wins are on the rise and our industry approach is contributing to this momentum. Healthcare, for example, through new ACV over 50% in Q3 and roughly half of the healthcare deals we landed in the quarter were full platform. State and local government also continues to outperform with strategic full platform wins at of County of Kern, County of Chesterfield and the Pennsylvania General Assembly. Our back to base motion in financials also delivered in Q3. Wins included Clearwater analytics, Ochsner Clinic Foundation and Concentrix, which expanded their Workday HR footprint to include core financials when it combined with Webhelp, a Workday core financials customer in EMEA. Our planning business also had a strong Q3 and we welcomed AWS as a planning customer along with NPR and Storskogen Group. And finally, our win rates remained strong and we see a growing pipeline of opportunities to replace our legacy ERP competitors. On the partner front, we've always recognize the vital role our ecosystem plays in our customers success and it starts with go-lives. HCM go-lives this quarter included American Electric Power. Dave and Buster's and Iberdrola, along with financials go-lives at NorthShore University Health System, SolutionHealth and Weis Markets. Increasingly, we're leaning into our partner ecosystem in other strategic ways. Our skills accelerate our partnership with Accenture, which we announced at EMEA rising is a great example. Accenture will be reselling our skill solution providing their own services expertise on-top of the Workday's Skills Cloud. We also announced a partnership with ADP to extend the capability of Workday HCM with ADP's payroll and smart compliance solutions in key global markets. And we announced AI marketplace at Rising, which allows us to innovate with our ecosystem of partners to deliver trusted and responsible AI solutions for our customers most compelling use cases. Finally, we see strong momentum from our partner referral program we launched earlier this year. We've already exceeded our full year target for the number of partners that have signed on. And while it's early, we are starting to see a positive impact to our pipeline. Another key investment area is around AI, which we've been building into our platform for nearly a decade. As I mentioned at Rising, we demonstrated our leadership with new announcements and demos that illustrated how AI will shape the future of work. I won't steal Aneel's thunder, he'll be joining in just a minute to share more. In closing, we had another quarter of strong and consistent performance amidst a dynamic environment. The diversity and mission critical nature of our business continues [Technical Difficulty] to fuel our success. As we move through Q4, we have a solid pipeline and clear [Technical Difficulty]. And while we are clearly focused on delivering in the near-term. We have our sights set on delivering durable [Technical Difficulty] while expanding margins. With that, I'll turn it over to my Co-CEO and good friend Aneel, who will share more about our AI strategy and innovation highlights from the quarter. Aneel, over to you.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Carl, and to everyone joining today's call. As you heard Carl mentioned an increasing number of organizations across all industries and geographies are continuing to place their trust in Workday, which is why we remain focused on delivering the innovation our customers need to thrive in today's environment. For the last couple of quarters, we've highlighted our longstanding and differentiated approach to AI, including generative AI. That is driven by our platform strategy, unrivalled dataset, emphasis on being human centric and commitment to delivering responsible and trustworthy solutions. At Workday Rising in September, our leadership in this space were showcased in a big way as we unveiled a series of new AI capabilities that will help redefine the way our customers work. On the generative AI front, we announced several new capabilities that will benefit all users with an emphasis on increasing productivity. Growing and retaining talent, streamlining business processes and driving better decision making. Examples of the use cases we previewed, which we expect to be available next year include the ability to generate job descriptions in minutes versus hours, analyzing correct contracts for faster, more accurate revenue recognition. Create employee growth plans to foster and retain talent and provide text-to-code generation capabilities to increase productivity of app development in Workday Extend. Another way we're infusing generative AI into our platform is through our investment in conversational AI. While we are still in the exploratory phase with this technology. We believe conversational AI will fundamentally change how users interact with Workday. By enabling them to easily surface information they need and interact with data through simple conversation. We're also leveraging generative AI to create a conversational experience for Workday Adaptive Planning customers. The use of conversational text will simplify the process of surfacing key planning insights. Enabling users to make quicker, more strategic decisions about their businesses. Additionally, we announced enhancements to Workday Extend, which continues to be a critical solution to help bring the Workday platform to life for our customers and partners. In fact, we've seen an increase of more than 70% in the number of apps built by customers and partners with Extend in the last year alone. At Rising, we unveiled Workday AI gateway, which is available on Workday Extend. Our AI gateway provides developers with access to Workday's AI services to enhance our ability to build intelligent and responsible apps on the Workday platform. Turning to the office of the CHRO, we introduced several new features within Workday HCM that leverage AI, many with a focus on elevating the manager experience by providing them with the tools and insights they need to effectively lead and foster the career growth of their teams. One example is Manager Insights hub, which leverages AI to surface personalized recommendations and make it easier for managers to identify the best opportunities for their employees based on Skills interest to improve talent mobility and employee engagement. And while we will continue to deliver on the promise of AI for our customers, many of our partners and other enterprise companies are delivering on the promise of AI as well. As Carl mentioned, we announced our AI marketplace to help harness the AI innovation happening across our ecosystem. To date, we have 15 early adopters and that number will increase over time as we expand to include tailored solutions delivered by our partner ecosystem, Workday related capabilities in third-party products and native AI powered Workday Extend apps. Of course, none of these AI advancements can truly be effective without the right safeguards and regulations in-place. Building on our continued efforts to advocate for smart AI policy at the federal level. Workday's Josh Lannon, Vice President of Productivity Technology was invited to testify before Congress on AI in the future of work. Josh spoke to the potential of AI to enhance how workers collaborate and amplify human potential and the steps Workday is taking to deploy these technologies in a trustworthy and responsible manner. At the application level, Workday products continue to be recognized for the innovation that we deliver to customers. For the office of the CHRO Workday was named a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for cloud HCM suites for 1,000 plus employee enterprises. Workday was positioned highest for ability to execute and it marked the eighth consecutive year we were recognized as a leader. Additionally, Workday VNDLY was named a 2023 top HR product of the year by Human Resource Executive. The award recognized VNDLY's ability to provide organizations with the full set of capabilities for end-to-end lifecycle management of external workers and its ability to integrate with Workday HCM to support full visibility into headcount spend and more. And for the Office of the CFO, Workday was named a leader in the 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Cloud ERP for service centric enterprises based on completeness of vision and ability to execute. This is the second year in a row that Workday was recognized as a leader. In closing, I want to thank the entire Workday team for their incredible efforts in Q3. We have an amazing opportunity in front of us and I remain confident in our ability to capitalize on it. Thanks in large part to our more than 18,300 workmates. They are relentlessly focused on driving innovation across the entire Workday platform to actively address our customers finance and HR needs. With that, I'll turn it over to our CFO, Zane Rowe, over to you, Zane.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Aneel, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. As Carl and Aneel mentioned, Q3 was a strong quarter, highlighting the durability of our business and ongoing market adoption for cloud financials and HCM. Turning to results. Subscription revenue in Q3 was $1.69 billion, up 18% year-over-year. Professional services revenue was $175 million, leading to total revenue of $1.87 billion, growth of 17%. U.S. revenue totaled $1.4 billion, growing 17% and international revenue totaled $462 million, growing at the same rate. As we have highlighted, we see significant long term international opportunities, which we expect over time will become a more meaningful driver of our growth. As we discussed at our recent Financial Analyst Day, we are providing our 12 month subscription revenue backlog or CRPO, which was $6.05 billion at the end of Q3, representing growth of 22%. The result was driven by strong new ACV bookings and healthy renewals with gross and net revenue retention rates of over 95% and over 100%, respectively. Early renewals in the quarter exceeded our expectations, adding more than a point of growth to 12 month backlog and early renewals from prior quarters also continued to benefit backlog growth in Q3. 24 months subscription revenue backlog was $10.58 billion at the end of Q3, up 23%. Early renewals in the quarter added nearly 2 points of growth to the results. Total subscription revenue backlog at the end of the quarter was $18.45 billion, up 31%. Backlog benefits from increased contract duration, which speaks to our customers' continued commitment to our platform. Our non-GAAP operating income for the third quarter was $462 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 24.8%. Margin strength relative to our guidance was driven by revenue outperformance and the timing of certain expenses and investments, which we expect to build in the fourth-quarter. Q3 operating cash flow was $451 million, growing 10%. During Q3, we repurchased $148 million of our shares at an average price of $218.35 per share. And we had $139 million in remaining authorization under our buyback program as of quarter end. We intend to execute on the remaining authorization of our buyback during Q4. We ended the quarter with $6.9 billion in cash and marketable securities. We continue to invest in growth areas in the business and we ended October with over 18,300 workmates around the globe. Now turning to guidance. Following our continued momentum in Q3, we are raising our full year FY 2024 subscription revenue guidance to $6.598 billion, representing 19% year-over-year growth. We expect Q4, subscription revenue to be $1.755 billion, representing 17% year-over-year growth. We now expect professional services revenue of $158 million in Q4 and $652 million for the full year. In Q4, we expect 12 month backlog to grow approximately 19%, this includes our current outlook for early renewals in the quarter. We plan to continue disclosing our 12 month, 24 month and total backlog, but intend to provide guidance on 12 months going forward. We are raising our FY 2024 non-GAAP operating margin guidance to 23.8%, and for Q4, we expect a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 23.5% as we ramp-up our key investment areas. GAAP operating margins for the fourth quarter and full year are expected to be approximately 20 and 22 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margins respectively. The FY 2024 non-GAAP tax-rate remains at 19%, we are raising our FY 2024 operating cash flow outlook to $1.975 billion, growth of 19% year-over-year. In addition, we now expect FY 2024 capital expenditures of approximately $250 million. As we discussed at our recent Financial Analyst Day, we see considerable opportunity to drive durable profitable growth over the longer-term. The financial framework, which we shared in September is further bolstered by our Q3 performance and the momentum we see building across key growth areas of our business. In light of the continued uncertain macro and incorporating our Q4 outlook, we currently expect FY 2025 subscription revenue of approximately $7.725 billion to $7.775 billion, representing growth of 17% to 18%. We also expect to expand our FY 2025 non-GAAP operating margins from FY 2024 levels. Our outlook contemplates incremental investments across our key growth initiatives, while delivering continued margin expansion as we scale and optimize the business. The confidence in our outlook is supported by the advocacy and support of our customers, partners and workmates, who are all key contributors to our success. With that, I'll turn it back over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from Mark Murphy with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much. Congrats on a great result. Thinking back on the Rising conference, the energy and enthusiasm was pretty remarkable. When you look back on that, how did you feel about the pipeline generation coming off of Rising and through November on the FINS side of the business. I noticed you mentioned an AWS planning win in that time frame, and do you see any early signs that might validate that the hiring wave you've had of these FINS dedicated sales reps can drive some bookings traction as they begin to ramp up in the next couple of quarters?
Carl Eschenbach: Yeah, let me start and then Doug, I'll ask you if you have anything to add. So thanks for the question, Mark. Let me first start by saying thank you to our workmates and partners around the world for delivering our third consecutive outstanding quarter here in FY 2024. We often talk about the diversity and durability of our business, and it was once again on full display here in Q3. Our value proposition continues to resonate more than ever with our customers, and this gives us a very resilient and durable business. So just thank you to everyone for helping achieve another outstanding quarter. Directly to answer your question, Mark, as it relates to Rising, yes, you're exactly right. There was a tremendous amount of energy and enthusiasm coming out of the conference, and there was a lot of energy around the financials solution that we're bringing to market. And I will tell you, it wasn't just from our customers, but it was also from our partners who continue to invest on building out their practice around financials. As you know, for the last 10 months, we've talked multiple times about our investment in the financials business, and we are seeing early dividends, and I say early because we still have a lot of opportunity to grow the business going forward, but we see early dividends that those investments are paying off. Number-one, our pipeline around FINS continues to grow. Number two, we continue to sell both to net-new logos, our financials, and back into our customer base. Number three, all of the hiring we've done on our FINS go-to-market sales reps are actually impacting not just FINS sales, but also helping us drive full platform sales. We talked about full platform sales being up again this quarter, and I think that is just the strength of our financials in conjunction with what we already have as a strong HCM business. And lastly, I would say planning continues to do quite well. We did announce, last quarter we talked about Exxon landing a large financials deal, in this quarter we talked about AWS, which is a very significant land for us as well. So overall, we see the FINS opportunity being quite large. We talked about, only 25% of financials moving to the cloud, which just represents a huge opportunity for us and we are really pleased with our win rates against our competition there.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Kash Rangan: All right, thank you very much. Congratulations on a wonderful finish for third quarter. Carl, you've been in the seat for little under a year, actually close to a year. You've cycled through one full Rising conference. You've had a chance to speak with partners, check the pulse of the customer. You went through a tough year of macro. Everybody [predicted] (ph) the session, thankfully we didn't have one. So where does that leave you with respect to your refreshed assessment of the next three to four years versus where you started? Thank you so much and congrats to the entire team here.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. I'm still here, by the way. Aneel, you want answer that question?
Aneel Bhusri: No.
Carl Eschenbach: Of course. So first of all, Kash, thank you for your nice words. And thank you for the question. So let me start talking about Workday, I appreciate you saying almost a year, I can't wait till December hits because then it's officially a year and we no longer talk about it in terms of months. So we're almost a full year into this journey with my partner Aneel. Let me start by talking about Workday. One thing that I recognized when I was on the Board for five years, that I had an incredible culture and strong values, and that is more evident to me than ever before. And that's what continues to excite me about Workday as a whole. As it relates to, if you will, a refreshed outlook of the business and the opportunity, I see many ahead, and a number of them we're already leaning into throughout this year. First, our international opportunity. We spoke in my prepared remarks around the performance of our EMEA team growing the business significantly year-over-year and driving predictable results. We continue to see strong potential through the partner ecosystem that we're building and how we're getting leverage from them. So that's a huge opportunity for us. The third is, I just spoke about in answering Mark's question around financials. Financials represents a large opportunity for us that we're leaning into heavily. We've hired a lot of sales reps throughout this year. And if we continue to see the early results that we're seeing. The first three quarters of this year, Zane, and I will continue to fund additional growth on FINS and especially on the go-to-market side. And last, I think, one thing that I've really come to recognize and appreciate. Aneel talks about our unrivalled data set that we have compared to our competition out there, and that is paying dividends for us today, especially in the terms when you think about AI and Generative AI, no one has an enterprise large language model like Workday has and it is driving tangible and productive results for our customers through generative AI.
Kash Rangan: Wonderful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Kirk Materne: Yes, thanks very much. And I'll echo the congrats on the quarter. Carl or Aneel, actually, I was wondering if you guys could just talk about where Gen-AI is and the decision making tree for your customers right now? Meaning, has it sort of sprung to the top so that your leadership in that category is having, I guess, an impact on win rates already? Is it something you sort of expect to continue to build? I was just kind of curious, everybody is sort of piloting AI right now, but I am kind of curious if your leadership is actually putting you in a position for your win rates to get stronger as we head into 2024? Thanks.
Carl Eschenbach: I do think it will position us for our win rates to get stronger in 2024. At this point, I don't think people are making decisions yet, just purely on AI. I think it's something that every customer looks at to make sure that they're going to be covered with a new deployment or a customer knowing that Workday has them in a strong place, but they're still looking first and foremost at running their business and moving off of crappy legacy applications into the cloud. And we're unmatched in that category. And then when we add the AI stuff, I think it just checks that AI box. But, I would say that despite all the hype, it's still in the early days of actual large scale deployments of AI in HR and finance, we're ready, we're just -- we're waiting. I don't know Doug's with us. I don't Doug, you want to add anything on what's happening in the sales cycles.
Doug Robinson: I think it does come out in the sales cycle, but in a different way. So we talk talent optimization. And talent optimization, the entire sort of value prop of it is built off of AI and ML. So while they're not saying show me your Gen-AI, they are saying show me how I'm going to move to a skills based economy, how am I going to reskill my workforce. And then it gives us a chance to showcase the innovation that we've got.
Kirk Materne: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brent Thill with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Luv Sodha: Hi, this is Luv Sodha on for Brent Thill. Thank you for taking our question. Zane, this one's for you. Early renewal activity has been fairly robust this year. And it supported backlog growth. I guess as you look out over the next few quarters. Could you just talk about your expectations for early renewals, but those continue to be a tailwind to backlog growth.
Zane Rowe: Yes, thanks for the question. As we've communicated over the last number of quarters, we've been very pleased with not only our backlog growth, that our new ACV growth and the renewal activity, both the scheduled renewal activity is growing nicely as well as the early renewal activity. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have some of that contemplated into the upcoming quarter and candidly into next year as well. I will point out that over the last 12 months, we have seen elevated growth rates in scheduled renewals, which has obviously helped with our backlog, but we're very pleased. I'll point out that we guide to, obviously, subscription revenue. So we're focused on subscription revenue, and I've given you an indicator of subscription revenue growth heading into FY 2025. We feel good about backlog and renewals as well, and just the overall health of the business. Carl?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, the only thing I'd add Aneel is, I think we always want to reiterate that our customers are driving the early renewals based on-demand. And if they want to buy additional SKUs to consolidate on our best-of-breed platform. We're not going to wait till renewal cycle to sell them additional products. We're going to do it when the customer is ready. Last quarter, we saw a nice uptick in SKUs being sold back into our customer base, that drive, if you will, these early renewals like Talent Optimization, Accounting Center, Prism and Extend are just four examples of what customers are demanding more from us, and we're -- driving those early renewals more than we are. We don't incent our sales force to do early renewals, it's all based on customer demand.
Luv Sodha: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Brad Sills with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Sills: Wonderful, thanks so much for taking my question here. One of the things that stands out to me here is the strength in financials. You called out full platform wins here as a contributor. So great execution there. I'm just wondering, with these types of deals where you're seeing big organizations commit to the full platform, both FINS and HCM, are you finding that there's just an increased comfort level with the cloud for financials such that they're willing to make that leap now versus, say, in the past? Or is this simply just a function of you focusing more on those types of deals with some of the investments you've been making? Just curious to get some color on why now for that strength in full platform deals, particularly FINS? Thank you.
Doug Robinson: Thanks for the question, this is Doug answering. I think first and foremost, we still think 25% of the market is all that's moved financials to the cloud. So it's still early innings. But the recent quarter pipeline build suggests that it's growing and that it's more consistent performance. And you look at verticals where it's really popping up. I think we even called this out, but healthcare alone grew over 50% in the quarter and over 50% of those deals were full platform. So there's enterprises like AdventHealth with 80,000 employees, 46 different hospitals at sort of massive scale buying into full transformation, human capital management, financials and supply chain on the Workday platform.
Carl Eschenbach: And one other thing I'd add is, as we have really leaned into the mid-market or medium enterprise, those customers have a tendency to decide on a full platform approach between both Financials and HCM and that business had a really good quarter for us in Q3, both in the U.S. and in Europe. And those customers are absolutely leaning into a full platform decision at a given time when they're looking at transforming their business.
Brad Sills: Great to hear. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Zukin: Yes. Hey guys, thanks for taking the question. And, I guess, first of all, congratulations on a really strong quarter. It looks to me like you accelerated CRPO subscription bookings, which I know is a metric we're not supposed to look at, but we do. At the same time as your incremental growth on sales and marketing, actually, you were way more efficient. So I guess, what I want to ask about is, as I think about the matrix for next year and you talked about the growth algorithm, how do you stack rank which of those priorities you need to kind of hit on to get there? And then what prevents kind of like maybe what are some of the areas that you see leaning into on an incremental spending perspective that might be temporarily anchoring margins?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, you want to start Zane, then you can add color. So one of the biggest investments we've talked about a number of times already here is our investment in our financials go to market build out that is paying early dividends. I do think it's important to remember that a lot of these hires that have happened over the last three quarters of this year aren't fully ramped and don't hit full productivity till next year. So as they come up to speed, right, I think we'll see continued growth in the financials and overall business as we head into next year, because of this build out we're doing this year. We do continue to lean into our partner organization, we're hiring a number of people to manage all of the partners we're bringing on. An example would be, this year when we launched our referral program, we had a goal of signing up 100 partners in our referral program, and through three quarters, we already have 150 partners who have signed up. And it brought us hundreds of new leads and new opportunities both here and in our international business. So we'll continue to lean into that. And then, I think Aneel and Zane will continue to lean into investing in the product side, as we see a great opportunity to leverage that dataset and model that we talked about, to drive AI solutions in new SKUs into the market. So, I think it's a little bit more of the same. And we'll continue to lean into the investments we made this year as long as we continue to see the early signs that they're producing the results that we want.
Aneel Bhusri: Alex, I'll just add. As Carl is alluding to, obviously there's significant sales and marketing expense ahead of this. At the same time, we're investing in other key areas just around the globe. We're also looking at the product side. We're being very disciplined about how we think about that incremental growth and that incremental investment heading into next year. Which is why the outlook I gave aligns nicely with the framework that we have and we're confident that as you've seen this year we'll be very thoughtful on where we spend and how we spend. So, as you've seen, our guide increase from 23% earlier in the year to now 23.8%. As we look to next year, we have the benefit of expanding not only our revenue base, but also our margins throughout the course of next year. So we feel very good about where the business is, where those investments are. I'll point out obviously that as you know in this business the bookings come well ahead of the revenue. So we would expect to see revenue continue to build beyond FY 2025.
Alex Zukin: Perfect. And then maybe just if I squeeze in another one for Aneel. Coming out of the Analyst Day it did feel like at least on the macro front, there were kind of gathering storm clouds, whether it was a potential for government shutdown or labor strike or macro concerns. Did you feel maybe coming out of the quarter and as you look at into the kind of the big selling season that some of those it has indeed ebbed and maybe there's more of a conservative optimism that you're kind of seeing on the horizon?
Aneel Bhusri: I don't see conservative optimism. I kind of just see it's par for the course. I mean, we've just been in this dynamic -- I think dynamic is the right word. Somewhat complicated world now since before COVID. And what -- I'm proudest of the team, and I'm going to defer this question to Carl and to Doug is how they've executed through this, really challenging time. That's just very -- I don't want to say unpredictable, but it's not predictable.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Aneel, I think you said it well. I don't think we see any improvement in the macro or do we see it getting any worse. It's pretty consistent with what we've seen all year long and I'll just echo what Aneel says. I just want to give a hat tip to Doug and Patrick and our sales teams around the world for their understanding of how to navigate some of these choppy waters. We've said in the past, we continue to see heightening scrutiny on some deals, particularly net new but our teams have figured out how to navigate that and close a lot of business the first three quarters of the year. And even when opportunities may slip, they don't leave our pipeline, they just move out a quarter or two, because once people make a decision to do a transformation around HCM or financials, it's not if they're going to do it, it's when and I think that was very evident both this quarter, the first three quarter of the year, I should say, and I think that will continue going forward, but our teams are very skilled and very good at closing business as they call-it each quarter. I couldn't be more proud of them.
Alex Zukin: Well, definite hats-up to you guys from us here. Congratulations.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Raimo Lenschow: Yes. Perfect. Thank you. Congrats from me as well. Carl, you touched already on the partner build-out. Can we just double click on that one as well, like because, like what's the appetite at the moment on the partner side, to build out headcount around you, Obviously, economic times are tops and the SI's are usually late cycles, so they're only realizing now what's going on. Like, is that kind of still very much in investment mode on their side, or is there a pause from their side that could kind of potentially be a headwind for you going forward. But congrats from me as well there? Thank you.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you, Raimo, and thank you for the question. As it relates to the investments our partners are making, I do think they're investing in Workday. They already have very well established and mature HCM practices. But if you were at Rising and you spent time talking to our partners and the ecosystem there, what you would have heard is a lot of them see the opportunity, just like we do in financials, and they're investing heavily on building out their financials practice around Workday. And that was evident both at Rising here in the U.S. and just a few weeks ago at Rising in EMEA. So there is no doubt our partners are really leaning into us. And, by the way, I mentioned it earlier, they're also bringing lots of opportunities to us because for the first time this year, we're giving them an incentive to bring us as net new opportunities as part of our referral program. So, yeah, the investment is happening.
Raimo Lenschow: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Derrick Wood with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Derrick Wood: Great. Thank you. I guess for Carl or Aneel, I wanted to ask about traction with Extend and how that plays into the AI opportunity for you. I think you've talked about this is the platform that helps integrate into Workday models, into third-party AI models, that helps unlock a lot of private data and that you'll look to maybe introduce new tiered pricing for Extend. But can you just talk about how you see Extend helping to drive AI monetization for you guys in the medium?
Carl Eschenbach: Well, so Extend has been one of our best kept secrets before the AI gateway for the last several years. For the longest time, customers wanted extensibility and instead we had frankly build every feature they wanted into the product and we give them Extend and they're able to develop the features that are unique to their own business. And basically that same story plays out with AI, where, I think we've got a great strategy for embedding AI into our products. You'll see a series of new SKUs over time. They are built on -- they built around AI technologies. But the AI gateway around Extend unleashes partners and customers to do AI things that may be very unique to their business that we would never build into our core products. So it's been huge. And, I also think, you'll see ISVs, leverage the AI Extend gateway and continue to build products using that technology, which will only extend our ecosystem and make our customers even happier with the offerings that they have in front of them. I think Extend is kind of a secret weapon for us, especially now with the AI gateway. And we are monetizing it and I think we'll continue to monetize it. I mean maybe Doug wants to talk about how we're monetizing it and how much more we can do.
Doug Robinson: I think the best example of that is the Accenture Skills Cloud that we announced with Accenture, this quarter, Aneel. So essentially, they've taken extend and build IP on-top of it and then they are also taking Workday journeys, Workday Skills Cloud, Workday learning and reselling it. On behalf of Workday into the market to different customers. So they're packaging it up with a set of services around it and then driving revenue on our behalf. So there's lots of exciting opportunities like that, that's just one example.
Derrick Wood: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Karl Keirstead with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Karl Keirstead: Okay, great. Maybe I'll direct this one to Zane. Zane out-of-the Investor Day, there was some degree of investor angst about the margin outlook and yet, here tonight, you've raised your full year margins and you're guiding to up margins next year. Just curious, has your thought process changed at all in terms of the OpEx trajectory over the next several years, perhaps it's not quite as front end loaded as you were thinking. Does this imply maybe you feel a little bit better about the revenue outlook and that's flowing through to perhaps a better than expected margin outlook next year? Love to get a little bit more color and to sort of contrast it to the Investor Day commentary.
Zane Rowe: Sure, Karl. Yeah, happy to answer that. I thought you're going to ask me about my first five months here, but I'll go ahead with the margin question instead. I'd say no change from the framework that we discussed, but as you point out, obviously we've been pleased with the revenue we've seen through the course of the year, obviously increasing our margin outlook for the year and then leaning into the margin, increasing into next year as well. So it's a little bit of all the above. We feel confident with our strategy, with the revenue growth we've seen. We're always going to be thoughtful as we articulated at our financial Analyst Day around those investments that we're making, but we want to have that capacity to make those investments where we believe it makes sense and we expect to do that into FY 2025 and well beyond that. I've also pointed out previously that where we see opportunities to increase that operating margin, we'll continue to do that and let it drop to the bottom line as well. So broadly speaking, no change in our outlook. But you're right in pointing out that when we have those opportunities, we'll let it drop to the bottom line.
Karl Keirstead: Okay, thank you Zane.
Zane Rowe: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Pat Walravens with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Pat Walravens: Great. Thank you. So, Aneel and Carl. I'm wondering how you see your partnership evolving when Aneel takes the Executive Chair role in January. And Aneel any lessons from Dave's transition to chair back in 2014.
Aneel Bhusri: Wow, okay, so. Second one cut me off guard a little bit. I'll just -- I'll answer the second one first. You know everything is a continuum and I still talk to Dave almost weekly and he is still the touchstone for a lot of things that happen at Workday. But you know what he said to me when I became the CEO. There can only be one captain of the ship. And I'd say the same thing about Carl. I'm excited about Carl being the captain of the ship. And frankly, what I've seen over the last almost a year, we're just nine days away from the year. December 10th was the date. Carl's amazing, and he is driving the business in ways that I never could have. And so I'm really happy in transitioning back to a product and innovation and strategy role, which is really how Workday got started with Dave and I. And those are my roots. So I'm very excited and our working relationship has been great, but I think more importantly and I would say this is the same with Dave and I. Workday is a company built on friendship, it was first Dave and I, and now it's Carl and I and I think that's really powerful and that's what makes me very confident and optimistic about the future.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. And the only thing I want to add is, Aneel is going to be sticking around. He is truly -- I know we like to use the Rockstar term here at Workday. He is the rock -- a Rockstar in the software industry. And just watching Aneel's energy the last three or four months diving deep into AI. Driving our product and technology strategy has been amazing, and I can't wait to see him continue to do that even as he steps into this new capacity. He's truly a genius when it comes to product and product strategy. He is not going anywhere, period. I know he's my boss as an Executive Chair, but I also want to be his boss sometimes and tell him he's not going anywhere.
Pat Walravens: Okay, great, thank you both.
Operator: We will now take two more questions. Our next question is from Scott Berg with Needham & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Berg: Hi everyone. Congrats on the really nice quarter here. And thanks for taking my question. I guess my question is probably for Doug. I know it's early and I know that Workday has had AI interwoven into the platform for obviously couple years, but with a renewed sense of kind of customer interest in the space last six months, I guess, what are you seeing now for an appetite to actually pay for some advanced or incremental functionality around some of the Gen-AI technologies out there? I think a lot of the questions we get is around -- from investors is will customers actually pay for this? Now that you have maybe three to six months under your hat, any viewpoint there would be helpful. Thank you.
Doug Robinson: I'll answer it from a broader AI perspective and I think the answer is yes. Customers will pay for where they see business value. And if you remember at Analyst Day, we highlighted that in the previous 12 months. Talent optimization increased attach to 45% from 35% in just 12 months. I look at the top three SKUs that sold within the quarter of Q3 and talent optimization was right in that top three. So, I think they're willing to pay for business value and we're seeing a lot of energy. In some ways it feels like early days of Workday, and I was part of early days of Workday where our customers come with great energy to co-innovate with us and what can we do together. And they share some of the things they're experimenting with, and we share some of the things we're experimenting with. But we've talked about this for several quarters in a row. There is a desire to consolidate vendors and to consolidate onto a platform and leverage that platform. So I do think there is a willingness to pay and I do think it shows up in the results.
Carl Eschenbach: If I could add one other thing, I would just say that the point solutions that are being created by startups are proving that customers are willing to pay for AI, only AI native equivalent of co-pilots. These companies are getting substantial deals done and they are adding -- I think they're adding value and they're part of our ecosystem. And it's a good proof point that customers are willing to pay for it if they see the value.
Scott Berg: Great. Thank you for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from Brian Schwartz with Oppenheimer and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Schwartz: Thank you very much. This question is for Carl or Doug. Just wanted to tap into what you're hearing in the C-Suite in terms of prioritizing IT spend for next year. If we think about this year, clearly, there was a prioritization on technologies that drove efficiency and business cost optimization. Do you have any early read on how the C-Suite at large enterprises are thinking about prioritizing IT spending for next year? Thank you.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, thanks Brian. For the question. Doug you want me to start and then you go.
Doug Robinson: Yes.
Carl Eschenbach: Okay. So I think there's probably three demands we're seeing right now out of the C-Suite. Number one, talent. Talent is clearly a C-Suite priority, and companies are all focused right now on reskilling and upskilling their workforces. And they're also really focused on driving a better employee experience to keep the employees around longer and therefore drive better productivity. So I would say talent is a C-Suite priority. The other thing I would say is leaning into something you mentioned, is they are looking to consolidate, and they're looking to consolidate their IT spend. And in doing so, they're driving more of a platform approach. And I think we have a platform where people are consolidating on top of. And when you do that, you have a better total cost of ownership. And I know we've talked a little bit about AI on this call, and we'll continue to do so for many years to come. But I think AI is really becoming a business imperative, and they're all trying to figure out how to leverage it. And I think as they do so, they're going to lean towards vendors who they trust like Workday to be able to deliver those AI solutions and really drive impact to their employees and their overall productivity gains they're seeking as a company. That's what we're seeing, but. Doug, you're out there touching even more customers than I. So I'd like you to respond too.
Doug Robinson: Well, you covered mine, but I'd say, I agree with you. Best of suite versus best of breed. There's a desire for that, which is that consolidation play. And you touched on the other one I was going to hit, which is a renewed energy around efficiency and productivity with business applications. So get employees in and out, drive great efficiency. And that, by the way, has the side effect of driving a better employee experience. And so while there's all this talent and skills and employee experience focus, there is -- CIOs come into our corporate visit center and saying, how do I get more productivity? How do I get more efficiencies? And that's where the Gen-AI conversations get really interesting.
Brian Schwartz: Thanks, Doug.
Doug Robinson: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. I'll now turn it back to Mr. Eschenbach for final comments.
Carl Eschenbach: Sure. [indiscernible] that works too. No problem. Thank you, operator and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. And a special thanks to our workmates, customers and partners around the globe that continue to fuel Workday's success. Q3 was another strong quarter, highlighted by durable mission critical nature of our platform and it only reinforces the excitement we have both in Q4 and the opportunity we have ahead. We are all well-positioned here at Workday, and we're focused on executing in Q4 and laying the foundation for a durable growth in FY 2025 and beyond. With that, I'll hand it back over to the operator to close today's call and I hope everyone has a great evening and a happy holiday season.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2023-08-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Fiscal 2024 Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. During the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question only. I will now hand it over to Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Justin Furby: [Technical Difficulty] Workday's Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri and Carl Eschenbach, our Co-CEOs; Zane Rowe, our CFO; and Doug Robinson, our Co-President. Following prepared remarks we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations, and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our fiscal 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for additional information on risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release, in our investor presentation, and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our Company website under the Investor Relations link. Additionally, our quarterly investor presentation will be posted on our Investor Relations website following this call. Also, the customers' page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our third quarter fiscal 2024 quiet period begins on October 15, 2023. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2023. With that, I'll hand the call over to Carl.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you, Justin, and welcome to Workday's Second Quarter Fiscal '24 Earnings Call. I am pleased to report that we delivered another solid quarter, achieving subscription revenue growth of 19%, 24-month backlog growth of 23%, and non-GAAP operating margin of 24%. While we continue to see deal scrutiny, our workmates around the world did a remarkable job, staying close to our customers in driving this quarter's result in positioning us for strength in the second-half of the year and beyond. Workday continues to stand-out from the crowd for a few key reasons. First, the mission-critical nature of our platform. Our customers now representing more than 65 million users under contract are all in on Workday, because they trust us to manage their two most important assets, their people and their money. Trust is at the core of our customer relationships and we will always work to earn it. Second, our value proposition is strengthening as businesses consolidate their technology footprint from best-of-breed solutions to a true platform. Workday is a trusted platform, they can turn to drive productivity gains, agility, skills-based talent strategies, and a great employee experience all at the same time. Third is our unique approach to AI and ML. Aneel will share more on our progress here shortly. And finally, our winning culture and talent, which is only getting stronger as we continue to attract our industry's best talent. We recently welcomed Emma Chalwin as Chief Marketing Officer. Emma is not only a great culture fit, but she has extensive global experience across all facets of marketing at companies like Salesforce and Adobe. We also recently hired an incredible Head of our U.S. Federal Government team and a Senior Executive in sales operations, and another in our services organization to help us scale our go-to-market efforts. And of course, you all know our CFO, Zane Rowe, who is joining us today for his first earnings call. I could not be more excited to welcome these leaders who along with our existing team will help us achieve our next phase of growth. Turning to the highlights of the quarter. I will focus on five key areas, land, expand, global, industries, and partners. Starting with land, we see full financials in HCM platform wins on the rise, illustrating the trust customers have in Workday. Wins this quarter include ADVOCATE Health Assured Partners, Carillion Services for Tria, KinderCare and University of Florida. And we continue to build on our market leadership position in HCM, with new customer wins, including Fresenius, digital technologies, Stellantis, and Rio Tinto. Once we land customers, we immediately turn our efforts to successful deployments. In Q2 notable HCM go lives include A1 Telekom Austria, Korean Airlines, Nike, and Rite Aid. Strategic financial go-lives include fitness international, multi-care health systems, Wintrust, and the University of Washington. We also celebrated our first FedRAMP go-live which was a full platform rollout at a well-known civilian agency. Expanding our existing business with customers is key to our growth strategy. In addition to strong renewals this quarter we had a number of expansions at companies such as Airbus, Dell Technologies, Lloyds Bank, those companies in 7-Eleven. Our faster time-to-value solutions, which includes planning, Picon, Extend, health and talent optimization continue to gain traction with many deals created and closed within the quarter. This year we put increased focus on financials go-to-market and it's starting to bear fruit with healthy customer growth in Q2. Beyond the full platform deals I mentioned earlier, we had a number of financial expansion wins in the quarter, including the Medical College of Wisconsin, Nordic Consulting, and Rakuten. Given our momentum, we continue to invest in financials targeted sellers to lay the foundation for durable growth. From a geographic perspective, the U.S. continues to be our largest market, representing 75% of our revenue. The U.S. team drove solid results in Q2 with particular strength coming from our customer base in industry teams. We have a significant runway for growth in this market in a healthy pipeline looking-forward. Expanding our footprint globally is among our largest untapped opportunities and is a top priority. During Q2, we held 20 Elevate customer events across EMEA and APJ, attracting over 5,000 attendees and generating hundreds of leads in net new opportunities. Not only are we building pipeline, we're starting to see more consistent execution in certain regions, notably EMEA. We saw strength in key markets such as Germany, U.K. and France. Where wins included Renus assets, Symrise, National West Mr. Bank in ALD Automotive SA. Our industry-first approach is paying off. This quarter, retail and hospitality became our second industry joining Financial Services to exceed $1 billion in annual recurring revenue, and we continue to have strong momentum in financial services which outperformed in Q2. The health care team also delivered another strong performance with 3 large hospital systems going all in on Workday's platform in Q2. A great example is ADVOCATE Health, which is part of their merger with Atrium Health selected Workday to replace a competitor's cloud HCM financials and supply chain management solution. Workday supply chain continues to contribute to our traction in health care with more than 220 health care organizations investing in it to reduce costs, promote standardization and boost resiliency. Finally, our education and government team followed up a strong start to the year with an impressive Q2, with wins such as West Virginia University, the Paul University and Metropolitan Community College to name a view. The potential we have to accelerate our growth through our partner community is huge. We are seeing early signs that our partner referral program will positively impact new logos and our partnership with the AWS marketplace led to multiple strategic wins in Q2. In EMEA, our recently announced payroll partnership with ELI is beginning to drive pipeline. And in APJ, our strategic partnership expansion with Samsung SDS is not only helping us drive overall business in South Korea. It also is enabling the development of region-specific applications built on Workday Extend. After spending time with many of our partners at our annual Altitude conference this past quarter, it is clear our momentum is building. We look forward to welcoming more than 15,000 members of our Workday community at our annual Workday Rising Conference next month in San Francisco. We hope to see many of you there. As this quarter's results show the diversity and mission-critical nature of our business continues to fuel our success. We are the clear market leader for cloud HCM and finance and our value proposition has never been more relevant or powerful. We are investing across our product portfolio, geographies, industries and through partnerships to drive durable long-term growth. It is an incredible and exciting time to be a work made and I truly believe our future has never been brighter. With that, I will turn it over to my Co-CEO and good friend, Aneel, who will share more about our AI and ML strategy and innovation highlights from the quarter. Aneel, over to you.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Carl, and to everyone joining today's call and especially to our nearly 17,900 workmates around the world for helping deliver another solid quarter. I couldn't agree more with the sentiment that our future is extremely bright. I've been on the road a lot recently to meet with current and prospective customers, and one thing is abundantly clear. More and more organizations are looking to Workday to be their trusted partner to help them navigate today's business landscape and thrive in this new world of work. Critical to our ability to be that trusted partner is our continued focus on artificial intelligence and machine learning, including generative AI. . Last quarter, I highlighted Workday's unique approach to AI and ML, which began in earnest in 2014 with a focus on 3 key aspects. AI and ML are embedded into the core of our platform, we place an emphasis on being human-centric with our AI and ML strategy, and we continue to believe the true potential of AI and ML can only be met by ensuring that is leveraged in a trustworthy and ethical way. Looking ahead, Journal of AI will continue to be a major focus for us. Despite the recent hype cycle, Workday has been using large language models for years, and we're continuing to invest in a big way. What helps further set Workday apart is our unrivaled data set quality, which is fueled by our more than 65 million users under contract and $600 billion annual transactions to create data models that provide accurate, meaningful and most importantly, trustworthy results. We're currently building product capabilities that leverage generative AI for a variety of tests. Examples include natural language generation, content search, content summarization, content augmentation and document understanding. And we're looking beyond those use cases at how we can also leverage copilots, agents and conversational UI. Each will help our customers redefine the way they work, and we look forward to previewing these new capabilities along with the rest of our latest AI developments at Workday Rising in September. All told, our differentiated approach is working as we are seeing continued momentum across the board with our over 3,000 customers having opted into sharing their data with our ML models. And we know they are realizing value once they have opted in as we are processing more than 50 million ML inferences per day, an increase of more than 60% year-over-year. Furthermore, we believe that the enhanced value that AI and generative AI provide to our customers will also create economic benefits to Workday by positively influencing competitive win rates, renewal rates and our already industry-leading customer satisfaction. We plan to offer most AI capabilities to our customers who opt in as part of their current product subscription with generous based usage entitlements. We also expect AI to open up new market opportunities with direct monetization that are wholly based on AI technologies, similar to our talent optimization solution that leverages Skills Cloud, one of our fastest-growing SKUs. Last quarter, I also shared our perspective on the growing importance of AI safeguards and the active role we're playing in driving the development of smart regulations. Since then, the EU has entered final negotiations on its AI Act which we expect to shape AI regulation globally. We've worked closely with policymakers in Europe over the last two years, and we're pleased to see many of our suggestions accepted in the Parliaments version that was recently approved. In the U.S., under the leadership of Sayan Chakraborty, our Co-President, we played a leading role in helping develop the AI framework for the National Institute of Standards and Technology, or NIST, which is a how to guide for organizations to develop and use trustworthy AI. We are leading by example by implementing the NIST AI framework, and we're working with Congress to encourage adoption of it throughout the federal government. We are also helping to drive the conversation with lawmakers at the state level, including California as they look to find a path forward for new AI regulations. We're helping them develop legislative frameworks that build trust and AI tools while driving innovation across the enterprise. As we continue to drive thoughtful and concrete policy approaches to responsible AI, you'll hear more from us on our work in the EU, the U.S. and around the world at this pivotal moment for AI policy. On the application front, we're continuing to see our innovation story resonate with customers who are increasingly selecting Workday over the competition. According to Gartner Enterprise Application Software as a Service, market share research, which was published in Q2, Workday had the highest worldwide market share in 2022 for SaaS ERP at 21%. Additionally, we crossed another milestone in Q2 with more than 5,000 core HCM and finance customers, a testament to the power of the Workday platform. For the office of the CFO, we enhanced Workday Adaptive Planning with the next generation of our patented Elastic Hypercube technology. Powered by new AI and performance improvements, Workday Adaptive Planning can now support our customers' most complex planning requirements. Scaling automatically without sacrificing speed or performance. Further proof to the continued momentum we are seeing with this application Workday Adaptive Planning was named Best Financial Management Solution in the 2023 SIIA CODI wards. Workday was also named a Customer's Choice in the 2023 Gartner Peer Insights voice of the customer for financial planning software report. Additionally, Workday Accounting Center is proving to be a true difference maker for the office of the CFO, as shown by the 70% year-over-year growth at experienced in Q2. Today, accounting center is helping more than 150 customers across a dozen industries to pull from a larger, more diverse spectrum of operational data sources to deliver increased granular insights and allow them to better understand their profitability, all in one system. And for the office of the CHRO, Workday HCM was named a leader in the Forrester Wave Human Capital Management Q2 2023 report which highlighted our investments in Vetley and Workday Pecan employee voice as well as our use of embedded AI and ML to reduce user friction. In closing, I'm confident that our continued focus on driving innovation across the entire Workday platform will not only position us for future growth on our path to $10 billion in revenue but also play an integral role in helping us continue to build the highest levels of trust with our more than 10,000 customers. I'm excited to see many of you next month for Workday Rising which is back in the Bay Area for 2023. With that, I'll turn it over to our CFO, Zane Rowe. As Carl pointed out earlier, Zane has been a perfect fit since joining Workday last quarter, and I'm thrilled to have him on board. Over to you, Zane. Over to you, Zane.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Aneel. As this is my first earnings call as Workday's CFO, I want to start by saying how honored I am to partner alongside you Aneel, Carl and all of our fellow workmates around the globe. I joined Workday because I thought it was one of the most compelling opportunities in all of enterprise software. The continued strength we saw in Q2 further reinforces that belief. Turning to the quarter. Subscription revenue in Q2 was $1.62 billion, up 19% year-over-year. Professional services revenue was $163 million, leading to total revenue of $1.79 billion growth of 16%. From a geographic perspective, total revenue outside the U.S. was $442 million, representing 25% of total revenue and 15% growth in Q2. As Carl mentioned, we see significant long-term international growth opportunities, which we expect over time will become a more meaningful portion of our revenue mix. 24-month subscription revenue backlog was $10.27 billion at the end of Q2, up 23%, driven by new ACV bookings and strong renewals with gross and net revenue retention rates of over 95% and over 100%, respectively. Early renewals in the quarter exceeded our expectations and added roughly 1.5 points of growth to 24-month backlog. Total subscription revenue backlog at the end of the quarter was $17.85 billion, up 32%. Early renewals in the quarter added roughly 3 points to the growth. In addition, we continue to see longer contract duration on both net new deals and renewals, which speaks to our customers' continued commitment to our platform and is causing our total backlog growth to significantly outpace growth in the 24-month backlog. Our non-GAAP operating income for the second quarter was $421 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 23.6%. Margin strength relative to our guidance was driven by revenue out-performance and the timing of certain expenses. Q2 operating cash flow was $425 million, which benefited from the timing of collections in the quarter. During Q2, we repurchased $139 million in shares at an average price of $218.33 per share. and we had $287 million in remaining authorization under our buyback program as of quarter end. We ended the quarter with $6.7 billion in cash and marketable securities. We continue to add key talent across strategic growth areas of the business, and we ended Q2 with nearly 17,900 global workmates. We are pleased with our financial performance in Q2 and focused on continuing to drive results in the second-half while investing to support longer-term growth. Now turning to guidance. Following our momentum in the first-half of the year, we are raising our full-year FY '24 subscription revenue guidance to a new range of $6.57 billion to $6.59 billion representing 18% year-over-year growth. We expect Q3 subscription revenue to be $1.678 billion to $1.68 billion, representing 17% year-over-year growth. We're maintaining our FY '24 professional services revenue guidance of $630 million to $650 million as we continue to strategically shift more deployments to our partner ecosystem as part of our channel strategy. For Q3, we expect professional services revenue of $165 million. We expect 24-month backlog to grow approximately 21% year-over-year in Q3. This includes our current outlook for early renewals in the quarter. We are raising our FY '24 non-GAAP operating margin guidance to 23.5% and plan on maintaining a disciplined approach of investing in long-term growth while we expand margins. For Q3, we expect non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 23.5%. GAAP operating margins for the third quarter and the full year are expected to be approximately 20 and 22 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margins, respectively. The FY '24 non-GAAP tax rate remains at 19%. We expect FY '24 operating cash flow of $1.95 billion, growth of 18% year-over-year. As we mentioned last quarter, we anticipate making our first semiannual payment of our employee cash bonus plan in Q3, which impacts our annual cash flow and quarterly seasonality for FY '24. In addition, we continue to expect FY '24 capital expenditures of approximately $300 million. I'll close by thanking our terrific community of customers and partners for their continued support. And I look forward to seeing many of you in the investment community at our upcoming Financial Analyst Day on September 27 in San Francisco. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Kash Rangan: Thank you very much, and the energy on the call is just so palpable. It looks like there is a lot of new leadership changes. Congrats Zane on joining a great team here. I had one thing or maybe two things. The importance of data in the world of AI, you have data on 65 million professional workers. At a high level, how could you possibly monetize with AI, the value of this data in the years ahead, and therefore its implications for the pricing power of Workday? And if you could, are there any pent-up areas within the portfolio that might have taken a bit of a seat-back because of the caution in the spending environment? If that caution goes away, where do you see maybe geographies or product segments that could do even better in the year ahead? Thank you so much and congratulations.
Aneel Bhusri: So Kash, I'll take on the first part. Good to hear your voice. The data is really valuable because it lets us train the large language models. And what you'll see us do is have with the large data sets, we can only train the large language models. We can then do domain-specific large language models, and those are smaller and less expensive. And we turn around and use those models to either make our products more competitive or they're the basis of new SKUs like the Skills Cloud. I think you see us more in the mode of new SKUs like Skills Cloud rather than actually charging for any insight from the data -- that it's the customer's data. They allow us to use it in an anonymized way and we give them the results back. But I think what it allows us to do is train these large language models and then domain specific ones that will create new SKUs.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. And just one quick add-on then we'll talk about some of the other questions Kash, great to hear your voice. And I think it's important to know that Aneel and Dave did from the beginning is they built this platform and they built AI and ML deep into the platform. So it's been built in, and we've already seen a positive economic impact to Workday through our industry-leading customer set, our renewal rates and competitive win rates still remain strong because of AI and ML and it's built in from the beginning. So I think that's a differentiator for us against those 65 million users and $600 billion, transactions that we get on the platform a year. As it relates to your second question, maybe I'll start, Doug, and then you can jump in. we haven't seen any pullback due to the -- any macro headwinds in any of the things we're selling into the market. If anything, I think our value proposition is only resonating more cash as people look to consolidate multiple products who are sometimes called best-of-breed onto best of suite platforms. and they're consolidating on top of Workday for both their financials and their HCM and the wrapping our adaptive planning product around both. So we continue to see strong momentum across the board. And you mentioned geographies -- our European team continues to do quite well. We've talked about it the last couple of quarters and our focus on international, and they continue to deliver for us. They're much more predictable and they're driving strong pipeline in EMEA -- and then we'll still continue to work on APJ to grow that business out. Doug, do you want to add any additional color?
Doug Robinson: I think that's -- some of that I was -- echo as well. I think just as you coined it sort of the lift in caution, cash. I think that caution is still out there, and that still shows up in the additional deal scrutiny. But I would say, just to give you a little more insight, we were really pleased with the performance of U.S. large enterprise -- and Carl mentioned to me, the -- I attribute that to execution as much as maybe a lift in caution, but it's been really nice execution across Europe in the first-half.
Kash Rangan: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Murphy: Thank you. And congrats on absolutely stellar performance. Zane, I'm wondering if you can dimensionalize at all the FINS quota capacity increase that you're bringing on board? Or how much you could bring on just relative to the demand signals that you're seeing out there? And then for Carl or Aneel, I'm curious if you see more opportunities out there in the mid-market. Or perhaps sensing an inflection up at the Global 2000 level for some of the customers that might need to handle complicated currencies or legal entities, minority interest, country localizations, that type of an arrangement?
Zane Rowe: Sure, Mark. I'm happy to start and then hand over to Carl. As you point out, we're bringing on some significant amount of thin sellers as we see that opportunity, I'd say, both on the domestic side and on the international side. I'd say it's still early days there as we bring them on. Obviously, it will take some time for us to all of those benefits, but it's clearly a focus area for us. I will tell you that the unit growth in FINS this quarter was tremendous and exceeded our expectations. So we're very pleased with the growth that we're seeing and optimistic about what we can do in the future there on FINS with the additional go-to-market capacity.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, Zane, thanks for that color. Yes, Mark, as you know, six months ago, we decided to put a big investment in the go-to-market side, specifically around FINS. And while it takes six to 12 months to get your reps up and ramped, we're seeing early indications of it providing significant leverage in the business. One of the ways it's turned up here this quarter, as Zane just talked about, is we saw a really good growth in a number of new FINS units sold on a year-over-year basis into the market. But it's more than just selling FINS. We're also seeing the knowledge set that we have across the field now with financials is actually impacting our full platform sales. our full platform sales are only accelerating as we sell both HCM and FINS into the market at the same time. And we saw that specifically kind of into your next question, in the medium enterprise business. The medium enterprise, we see full platform sales very regularly at this point. And I think that's attributed to the build-out of our FINS sales force. And then the last thing I talk about is the FIN sales force helps us continue to drive a land sale with planning. Planning continues to be a good product for us. We're landing with it, and it opens up the door for us to go back and sell both FINS and full platform into those customers that we landed with planning. So there is no doubt at this time that the FINS build-out of the sales force is paying dividends. As it relates to the medium enterprise, we had a really solid quarter in what we described the medium enterprise segment. And I think the highlight there was specifically we're seeing more and more full platform sales into that market segment. And we're very pleased with their performance, specifically here in the U.S., and we're going to replicate that internationally as we build out the medium enterprise globally.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Sills with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Sills: Oh, wonderful. Thanks and great to see the great results here. I wanted to ask one on the expand success that you're seeing here. I know Carl has been an initiative here to go back to the base here. Is there any color you could provide as to where you're seeing particular strength? There's so many modules within HCM and FINS that I would love to get some color from you as to where you're seeing success there. And then the second question would just be on the macro, you mentioned that deal scrutiny is still there. Is that outsized in office of HR versus office of CFO, where might we see some potential acceleration coming out of the macro and any differences there? Thank you.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, sure. So yes, we -- one of the things we really like about our business model is what we describe as both the diversity and the durability of our business. From a diversity perspective, we're still landing a significant portion of our business on net new deals, which is really exciting to see. And when you land net new deals, what that provides you is a platform to sell back into your customer base, and we have two different selling motions there. In this quarter when we had a really balanced performance across selling back to the customer base and landing net new -- and that's a motion that we're going to keep leaning into. And by the way, we talked about FINS when we're adding FINS sellers, we're separating them into selling net new FINS and back into the customer base. So this motion is clearly working for us. As it relates to macro, maybe I'll just do a high level and then ask Doug to chime in and see what he's seeing since he's with customers daily. Nothing has changed over the last few quarters. And because of that, we continue to perform quite well because I think our sales force is very skilled at navigating the extra scrutiny they're going to get. As well as they're doing really well at understanding the sales process and their closing deals and they're getting them across the finish line. That's both a tribute to our sales force globally, but I also think it comes back to the strong value proposition we're providing customers as we continue to be the platform they're choosing to support both their people and their finances, their two most precious assets. So it's a combination of good execution, understanding the sales cycle and us continuing to have a strong value proposition for our customers and prospects. And I'll ask Doug to call or add any additional color on the macro.
Doug Robinson: Yes. Thank you, Carl, and nice to talk to you, Brad. From a macro perspective, you asked the question whether it shows up in one area or the other, I think you meant between HCM or FINS, and I'd say not really. I think it's fair to say that the extra scrutiny is on any dollar spent in corporate America or across the globe is getting that scrutiny. So it is sort of across the board. I would say perhaps more pronounced, I don't know if scrutiny is the right way to describe it in net new versus customer base, which is why the customer base has been such an important part of our motion over the last two years at the company. Which was your first question around expand. So in that motion, we really sort of see two key things. One is this notion of create and close or what we call speed SKUs or speed solutions. So just to highlight there, Peakon planning, talent optimization, those tend to go quick time to value and tend to be really strong in quarter sort of create opportunities and close. But at the same time, we have our customers or the customer base doing larger, what I would describe as more strategic enterprise type agreements. We talked about the expansions across Airbus, Lloyds Bank, Lowe's, 7-Eleven this quarter. Those are already big customers committed to the platform but have taken on an even more strategic approach with us as they look to consolidate vendors and standardize on our platform.
Brad Sills: Wonderful to hear. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Kirk Materne: Thank you very much. And I'll echo the welcome to Zane. Good to hear from you again. Carl, I was wondering if you could just double-click a little bit on international. And what you're seeing in that region, maybe across some of the products. And I was wondering if you could also just talk about the investments that you're making today and sort of the opportunity for those to kind of come to fruition from a bookings perspective next year? I guess just a little bit more color on international would be helpful.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. So I'll talk specifically about EMEA, which both Doug and I already mentioned -- but this is an area that we -- I think you are aware, over the last couple of quarters, we've shared that we brought in a lot of new leadership across the region, both in the U.K. at the entire EMEA level. In dock in France. So we've really built out their leadership team there, and they're actually bringing in more and more talent underneath them, and it is starting to clearly pay dividends. We are seeing early signs of solid pipeline build that's much more predictable than we've seen in the past. We see more predictability in the business, because they have their arms around it. And they are selling both HCM and FINS successfully. The other thing we're seeing, which is a little bit of replication from what we're seeing here in the U.S., as you know, the EMEA market as a whole is very much a medium enterprise business. And they're doing really well at selling full platforms into the EMEA market where customers see the true value of combining both HCM and financials and again, wrapping planning around it for that full platform sale. So we definitely are seeing the momentum there. And we do have some big competitors in our backyard there, but when we look at our competitive win rates across the market, including in the backyard of some of our big competitors, our competitive win rates are holding up, our discounts are holding up. So they're really executing well and taking a really strong approach to the market. So we couldn't be more pleased with what's happening in EMEA. Internationally, if you go into APJ, we had an okay quarter. We still have some work to do there. We think there's tremendous upside in the APJ market, and we will continue to add resources both on the go-to-market and continue to internationalize and localize our products so we can have a better fit in some of the emerging markets we're going after in APJ.
Kirk Materne: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Zukin: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Carl, maybe the first one for you and then a quick one for Zane. You mentioned a couple of really interesting deals in a number of different verticals, including state and local. You talked about a FedRAMP deal. I guess maybe -- can you dimensionalize the growth of some of these verticals relative to financial services and retail hospitality, when do we think that the kind of the state local, the federal, the health and life sciences, the education verticals can start to rival that type of scale that you're seeing with FINS serve and retail and opticality? And then a quick follow-up for Zane.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. So thanks for the question, Alex. And as you know, we don't break out or share specifically or percentages on any given market segment or industry. But in the case -- this time, we did highlight our second $1 billion in annual recurring revenue business in retail and hospitality, which continues to be quite strong and growing. And we had another really solid quarter in industries as a whole and specifically in higher ed, we called out health care and financial services. In the government business, listen, we're still in the very early days of state and local government. I think there's only 15 states at this point who have decided to do a full platform replacement, which leaves 35 or 36 states up for opportunity for us going forward. And we think we have a really good solution for that market. And on the federal side, listen, we're just starting. We have FedRAMP moderate. We said we were excited to see our first customer civilian agency, do a full platform rollout on our FedRAMP Cloud. And we also said we were bringing in a new leader, right, a really seasoned leader to help us lead federal going forward. So this is an area we'll continue to lean into. We do see opportunity in federal even without having FedRAMP high on the cloud, we do have a lot of opportunity with the existing agencies, and we see that as a rich market for us going forward.
Alex Zukin: Around the early renewal dynamic that you guys are seeing this year. Clearly, a solid benefit for Q2, 24 months description backlog, it sounds like there's also some benefit in the guide for Q3. Maybe just dimensionalize it and remind us like what's the customer activity? Is it an incentive that you're giving? Is it the macro? Like what's driving this? And like do we think about this as a future headwind? Do we think about this as an opportunity for code perming at upsell? Like what's the right way to think about this?
Zane Rowe: Alex. Yes, I'll start and then let Carl chime in as well. As you point out, we're very pleased with the RPO growth on the 24-month side this quarter was 22.7% growth. But as we pointed out for all the reasons Karl and Doug mentioned, we saw about 1.5 points of that be early renewals coming into the quarter, which is a terrific opportunity for us to interact and interface with our customers, as well as upsell them as well. So we're very pleased with the outcome in Q2. As we look to Q3, what we've done is taken a look at where our expectations are for Q3, which is included in that 21% increase as part of our guide. I'd say approximately 1 point of that as we look out to the next quarter right now is included in that 21%. So we believe that activity will continue. Again, we're thrilled with the activity. It means our customers are doubling down on us. They're leaning into that platform, and we couldn't be more pleased with that. As you point out, obviously, we've been running ahead of subscription revenue for some time on RPO. So we would expect some variability related to subscription revenue in the future, but we welcome the early renewals, and we think it's a terrific opportunity for customers to continue to buy into the platform. Carl, I'll let you add to that.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks, Zane. Yes, Alex, we did have another really good quarter of selling back into our customer base. We talked about that earlier. And that is what drives a lot of the early renewals. But I want to make sure it's clear to everyone, we don't incent our teams to drive early renewals. We incent our teams to work with our customers to add additional SKUs as they look to consolidate more and more on top of the HCM or the financials platform. So the demand is being driven by our customers and then we go and we work with them in some cases, they add new SKUs. And when they do so, they actually do early renewal and they've co-term their agreements, which drives the uplift that Zane talked about in our 24-month RPO. So we're not incenting people to do it. It's customer demand. They're looking to add more and more modules. And as we continue to innovate and bring new SKUs to market, we would expect this to continue going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you guys for taking the question and congratulations on a really strong quarter. I wanted to sort of extend on Brad Sills earlier question about kind of the upsell motion. It seems like you guys are having a lot of success there. Carl, when I think back to your guys' time at VMware, VMware was a machine in terms of packaging and mechanisms for selling more solution into existing customers, and there's a huge kind of successful part of that business? Are there sort of learnings or sort of mechanisms or improvements that you guys can make in that hub cell motion that you could bring on board that could turbocharge this upsell effort even further from what we've been seeing thus far?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, I'll take that, and thanks for the question, Keith. I hope you're well. Listen, the teams are doing really good already selling back into the customer base. I think it has to do with the motion that Doug and Patrick are driving with two different, if you will, sales forces, one selling only to customer base and the other selling net new. And because we have that focus on customer-based sales, I think the teams are driving these new SKUs back into our customers. Specifically as it relates, can we do things differently. Potentially -- we are looking at different ways to price and package our products in the future to make it easier and more consumable for our customers and make it easier for our sales reps to sell -- but right now, we don't have any, if you will, new plays that we're running. I think the team is executing well. Our customers clearly see the value of the additional SKUs that we have in the market. and clearly see a total cost of ownership play by consolidating on top of our platform. So I don't think you'll see any short-term change here, Keith. But we're always looking for ways to innovate on go-to-market and one of them would be through some type of pricing and packaging in the future.
Doug Robinson: Keith, I would just add, we continue to obviously invest in this area. It's one of tremendous opportunity for us. and we spend a fair amount of time looking at it and thinking about what's the next best opportunity for the customer to recognize value and, of course, in turn for us to do the same. So it's an area that we continue to see good progress on.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Its very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Thill: Carl, earlier in the year, you unveiled a new partner referral program. Maybe too early to see the fruits of this new program, but curious if what you're seeing and ultimately what over the next six to nine months with this partner program?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, sure. Thanks, Brent. Good to hear from you. We did launch a new partner program. There's many facets to it. including technology arrangements and collaboration on the technology front, including co-sell, including resell. And also, we rolled out a referral program. And I will say we're seeing early signs of the customers really leaning into this new program. And they're also getting value because they're innovating on top of Workday, leveraging things like Extend to expand their market opportunity with us as well. So the resell program, that's Phase 2, but the co-sell and referral program has kicked off, and we're seeing a nice uplift in referrals from our partners on a global basis. Another thing we did is we launched a partnership, if you recall, Brent, with AWS, and we're selling to the marketplace. And we have seen a number of opportunities in Q2 that were driven from that partnership with AWS as people are looking to burn down the credits they have with AWS today. So Overall, we're very excited about the partner program. We had a big partner conference just last month. We had over 3,000 people joining us at our Altitude conference where we spent more time articulating our new program. and sharing with them how they can both monetize the Workday platform to sell more services and innovative solutions and also help us drive net new outcomes and get paid for it.
Brent Thill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Karl Keirstead: Thank you. Welcome aboard Zane, I'll direct this one to you. As you just alluded to, the gap between the 24-month backlog and the sub revs growth has historically been pretty narrow, but it's widened out a lot in recent quarters to 3 to 4 points. I'm just curious -- why is that? And over what time frame do you think that gap will close? Maybe it's partly due to the early renewals you mentioned, but maybe there are other factors. Thanks for unpacking that for us.
Zane Rowe: Yes, of course, Karl, great to hear from you. As we mentioned, we're really pleased with the program we have behind that and the additional backlog and the performance we've seen on RPO has even exceeded our expectations over the last number of quarters. And it's driven by a number of variables. I think both Carl and Doug talked about the relationship with the customer, as well as our opportunity to expand those SKUs and that relevance with our customers. So we're pleased with the performance there. Now some of the variability we talked about education and gov we tend to see longer duration with those contracts. So that will have a natural extension. And in many cases, especially if you look at the top line growth of backlog and RPO we see significant increases driven by that mix shift. And then the other dynamic is, of course, the early renewal that we talked about, where it's another opportunity to engage with the customer to go deeper into the platform, as well as sell more of our SKUs. So it's -- as I pointed out in the third quarter, we feel like the second quarter was higher, at least our current expectations at the second quarter and the activity we saw there would be higher than what we see in the third quarter. Part of it is also Doug's team and just where they spend their energy, and we've obviously leading up to a seasonally strong fourth quarter. So we like the motion. We encourage the motion. It's an opportunity for us to lean in and have a longer and more durable relationship with our customer base. And we believe you'll see that reflected in the numbers. But to your point, it may create a little bit of variability if you looked at backlog and the variance between backlog and subscription revenue. But we're solely focused on driving continued growth in the business and particularly focused on that subscription -- that long-term subscription revenue line. Hopefully, that helps.
Karl Keirstead: Yes, it does Zane. Thank you.
Zane Rowe: Great.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Zelnick: Great, thanks very much for taking my question. There's a lot of goodness in the results and the message. So I'll echo my welcome to Zane and congrats to you all. My question actually for you, Zane, is in your comments, you've said that Workday plans on maintaining a disciplined approach of investing in long-term growth while expanding margins, which I think is music to everyone's ears. But can you expand on what that means to you? And if there's any sort of framework or even rule of thumb that we should consider in the years ahead? Thanks.
Zane Rowe: Yes, it's good to hear from you. I'd say, generally, we're at a unique opportunity here at the company to do exactly that, which is to lean in and to make smart investments Carl has highlighted a number of those, whether it's partners, whether it's international defense product. We're at a point where I think this is an opportunity to really lean in on our TAM opportunity and that growth that we can see across the platform. So from the finance side, I think we benefit because we can make thoughtful investments and help the business grow both on the product side. Obviously, we talk about AI ML and the tremendous opportunity we have there. But then also on the go-to-market side, when I look at that balance between 75% domestic and 25% international, I just think it's ripe with opportunity to grow on the international side, but do it in a thoughtful way, as Carl alluded to, on the EMEA side, with an uncertain backdrop, we've seen great opportunities there, and we've seen good growth there. So I'm just pleased when I look at the opportunity to be here to leverage the finance side and to lean in on where we make these investments -- and then we continue to see top line growth. And as I just mentioned on the RPO side, we can see significant RPO growth, but along with that, we have investments in interesting areas that create longer-term revenue growth and subscription revenue growth as well around the globe. Carl, that you add a few.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. No, I think you said it well, Zane. We continue to invest on the go-to-market side, but I want to make sure everyone knows we're investing heavily on the product and technology front as well. And Neil's leading that charge with [Indiscernible] -- we continue to invest to drive innovation here at Workday, and we're leaning into the AI ML opportunity. which we think will bear fruit in the future. The other thing to think about is how do we get operating leverage from AI and ML internally. We think by using these technologies, we can actually drive better operating margin, which allows us to reinvest in go-to-market and products in the future. So there is kind of a flywheel effect we can get from the benefit of AI and ML.
Brad Zelnick: Great, stuff. Thanks so much guys.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you.
Operator: We have time for two more questions. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Turrin with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Turrin: Hey, great. Thanks, congrats from me as well on the results. You're getting a number of questions on the backlog metrics, but it's really the consistency of those metrics that continues to impress. You're guiding for low-20s growth again next quarter. So maybe you can expand on just what's helping sustain such a consistent growth profile in an inconsistent environment? And then going back to the international side, there were some encouraging commentary around EMEA, but the growth rate there still lagging a bit. So just wondering if there are signs you're seeing that can help the growth rate there and maybe pick back up and take some of the load off of the U.S. strength you're seeing? Thanks.
Zane Rowe: Sure. Yes, I'll start and then hand over to Carl. As we point out with backlog it's really that relationship with the customer and the diversity of the business and the contract lengths that have helped support that. And it's been Doug's team interacting, interfacing with those customers. and leaning in more on the platform. And that's what you see reflected in those RPO numbers. Our success that we've seen on the renewals has clearly helped our customers engage more, create more uplift as well as extend the duration of our relationship with them. So I think it's that compounding effect. That you've seen over the last number of quarters. And again, I would highlight that not only do we lean in there, but we wouldn't always expect as we look out for the remainder of the year or even into next year, it's not that we're pushing the backlog. We're focused on subscription revenue and continued subscription revenue growth -- and the backlog just happens to be in that big RPO increase just happens to be a byproduct of the interaction and interface that we have with those customers in the long-term relationship that we've developed with them. Carl, that you maybe give a little bit more detail.
Carl Eschenbach: I think you're asking specifically on the first question about how do we continue to do this. And I think it's just the strength of the platform we have. And I think with some headwinds in the market that everyone continues to face, people are looking to do more with less. And by doing so, they're looking for a total cost of ownership play. And I think we provide that both on the HCM side and the financials as people consolidate what I said earlier, from best-of-breed to best of suite. And it's also driving a different level of employee experience. We're helping drive productivity gains for our customers. We're helping them upskill and rescale the folks. We're delivering a new level of employee experience. And by doing all of those, people just continue to put more and more on top of our platform. And even if it is our own SKU, they're leveraging things like extend to build other solutions on top of the Workday platform. So I think this motion of selling back into the base is going to continue as people consolidate more and more on top of us. As it relates to the international growth, again, we're highlighting we saw really good performance out of our team in EMEA, specifically and we're encouraged by both the consistency and predictability of their performance and the strong pipeline that we're building over there as we head into the second-half of the year. Let me say, though, on the flip side, if I can, Michael, right? Our U.S. team just continues to drive really solid performance as well, and they're outperforming in a number of key areas like large enterprise and across some of those industries that we spoke about today. Our education business, health care and financials. So we're aiming to keep driving, right, our U.S. business and watching them continue to perform and outperform and at the same time, try to drive international growth. And it's always important to remember, the international growth from bookings doesn't actually get shown in -- right in the same quarter, you'll see it in the out quarters as we look to continue to drive that growth. We'll see a slight shift over the coming years from 75-25 to something that we get more impact and more performance from the international teams.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rishi Jaluria with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Rishi Jaluria: Wonderful. Thank you guys, so much for taking my question. Nice to see continued strength and resilience in the business. I want to go back to talking about generative AI and your opportunity there. Clearly, a big opportunity to leverage the data you have and use it to make the product and platform better. But I want to talk about the opportunity to maybe utilize generative AI, both to accelerate migrations from legacy on-premise solutions in terms of making it easier for custom applications to migrate, as well as making it easier for that data to transform and maintain -- transfer and maintain data fidelity? And maybe at the same time, even on your end, utilize generative AI to reduce the services attach rate and bring down that services mix a little bit over time. Any way you could help me kind of understand the way you can utilize it on that would be very helpful? Thank you so much.
Doug Robinson: Yes. On the first part, we are definitely looking at generative AI to do a better job of data transfer and transformation from legacy systems. And I think over time, it will be increasingly automated with AI. So that's already in motion. On the second one, it's definitely something we're exploring and how we bring AI into our services organization to speed up implementations. Stay tuned on that part. We're very focused on the products that we deliver to our customers. And one thing to think about is actually how we build AI into the products to make them easier to implement. But that's a work in progress at this point. It's a great question.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. I'll now turn it over to Mr. Eschenbach for final comments.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you, operator, and thank you for everyone joining today's call. And a special thanks to our workmates customers and partners around the globe that continue to fuel Workday's success. Q2 was another solid quarter, highlighted by the diversity and mission critical nature of our business. We have an exciting opportunity ahead, and we are all well positioned as we think about the second-half of the year and beyond. I look forward to seeing many of you at our upcoming Rising Conference and Financial Analyst Day in San Francisco. With that, I will hand the call back over to the operator to close today's call. And I hope everyone has a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-05-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. During the Q&A, please limit your questions to one. With that, I will now hand it over to Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Justin Furby: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Workday's first quarter fiscal 2024 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri and Carl Eschenbach, our Co-CEOs; Barbara Larson, our CFO; and Doug Robinson, our Co-President. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our fiscal 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for additional information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release, in our investor presentation and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Additionally, our quarterly investor presentation will be posted on our Investor Relations website following this call. Also, the customers' page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our second quarter fiscal 2024 quiet period begins on July 15, 2023. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2023. With that, I'll hand the call over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Justin, and welcome to Workday's first quarter fiscal '24 earnings call. I'm pleased to share that Workday reported strong Q1 results and once again outperformed against our key operating metrics, which include a subscription revenue growth of 20% for the quarter. While the macro environment continues to be unpredictable, we remain positive about our future growth prospects for a couple of reasons. First, we got the year off to a strong start and have built a healthy pipeline of opportunities, which gives us better visibility into the rest of fiscal '24. And second, we're seeing the value proposition of the full Workday platform combined with our unique approach to artificial intelligence and machine learning, continue to gain momentum as more and more organizations across geographies and industries put their trust in us to help them drive the future of work. When it comes to AI and ML, we think about implementing differently than any other enterprise software company in the world. And we've been at it for nearly a decade, while many of our competitors are scrambling to catch up. We approach AI and ML with a heavy emphasis on being human-centric, using these capabilities to augment people in organizations to make them more productive, better informed to make decisions, and to help them reduce business risk. Several things set us apart. One, AI and ML are embedded into the very core of our platform, allowing us to rapidly deliver and sustain new ML infused capabilities into our products to drive more business value for our customers. Two, we have the quantity and quality of data that further differentiates us, meaning that we not only have access to an enormous amount of data due to the more than 60 million users representing more than 600 billion transactions over the last year. But we also have a unified data model that allows us to build and train models in a way our competitors simply cannot replicate. And three, we firmly believe that to deliver on the possibilities it offers AI and ML must be leveraged in a trustworthy, unethical way. Workday has always been a trusted partner to help companies keep their most critical assets, their people and money, safe, secure and private. This approach becomes even more essential when leveraging AI and ML. As you know generative AI is driving the AI and ML discussion right now. Despite the recent hype around large language models, Workday has been delivering AI and ML including LLMs for several years. We believe we need to look past the hype cycle and identify the real ways our customers can extract business value from LLMs. Today we're using generative AI tools behind the scenes to help power products like Workday search and skills cloud, while exploring a variety of generative AI use cases for our customers. For example, we're looking at many content generation use cases within our Workday talent management, recruiting, financial management, and core HCM applications. Additionally, for years, we have taken a leading role in AI focused policy discussions at the federal state and local level in the U.S., while partnering with the European Union and other governments around the world to provide thoughtful and concrete policy approaches to responsible AI. Simply put, we believe AI technology should be regulated. This is an area that you will continue to hear more from us in future quarters, and I look forward to sharing updates about how Workday is helping to drive AI policy globally. Moving to our core set of applications, we continued our investment in Workday Peakon Employee Voice by recently unveiling semantic search capabilities, which leverages AI to analyze millions of employee comments and present the most meaningful insights. While manual keyword searches take hours or days, semantic search can analyze employee comments in seconds to quickly provide leaders with the insights they need to address emerging workplace trends. Employee engagement is one of the biggest hot buttons for CEOs today, and we're continuing to see more organizations turn to Peakon to help them stay on top of and address employee sentiment. In fact, Peakon hit a significant milestone in Q1 as it surpassed more than 500 million total survey responses, and 70 million written comments, providing us with one of the world's largest standardized datasets on employee sentiment. For the office of the CFO, we recently unveiled predictive forecaster, a capability within Workday adaptive planning, that creates ML-based forecasts with the ability to add additional regressors and datasets. The feature which is in limited availability today, supports our next evolution of Workday adaptive planning to produce increasingly predictive plans and enhance insights to help organizations more effectively navigate today's business landscape. Another important innovation focus area for us is to be more open and connected. Whether that's by providing an open and extensible platform or by working closely with our partners to deliver added value to our customers. For our Workday platform, we're continuing to deliver tools and capabilities that simplify and enhance application development with Workday Extend. For example, we introduced our first set of ML APIs in Q1 to enable our Extend customers to build extensions that leverage ML. We also released low code no code development functionality with App Builder. enabling developers to create apps with Extend via a simple drag and drop user interface. And we built on our decade plus partnership with AWS to create a native integration from Extend to AWS. With this integration, developers can easily and securely leverage AWS services in their Extend applications. The integration is in early access with GA to follow later this year. Extend which surpassed 500 customers in Q1 continues to be a major differentiator for us with the office of the CIO. Additionally, we held Workday DevCon, our third annual developers conference earlier this month. In person attendance for this year's event grew by nearly 200% over last year, which is a testament to the excitement we're seeing from our customers and partners to build on top of the Workday platform, not only with Extend, but with Prism, Adaptive Planning, Journeys and Integrations. And on the partner front, we recently announced an expansion of our partnership with Alight to deliver an integrated payroll experience to customers across six key regions for us in Europe, Benelux, Germany, Italy, the Nordics, Spain and Switzerland. As you know Workday's core values are foundational to everything we do, and guide the decisions we make. In recognition of our efforts to always strive to do what's right. I'm pleased to share that Workday for the third consecutive year, was named one of the world's most ethical companies by Ethisphere. Additionally, we continued our commitment to sustainability by joining Frontier, and advanced market commitment to accelerate carbon removal. Finally, I want to note an organizational change that we will be making. After nearly nine years with Workday, Barbara Larson, our current CFO is stepping away to spend more time with her family. During her time with Workday, Barbara has served in several senior leadership roles across our finance and product organizations, has played an integral role in shaping Workday into the company we are today. I'm extremely grateful for her friendship and for the countless contributions she has made to the company. And I wish her nothing but the best in her next endeavor. With Barbara leaving, I'm pleased to announce that Zane Rowe will be joining Workday as our new CFO. Zane comes to us from VMware, where he was CFO since 2016. And before that held CFO roles at EMC and United Airlines. Carl and Zane worked together at VMware, so I let Carl share more in a minute on what Zane's addition to our leadership team will mean for Workday. In closing, we once again delivered a strong quarter and feel good about our growth prospects throughout the rest of fiscal year '24, despite what will continue to be a challenging macro and economic environment. Innovation is core to who we are and fuels our continuing focus on infusing differentiative AI and ML across our entire product portfolio. Doing that will enable us to continue to serve as the digital backbone for organizations who want to thrive in today's changing world of work. With that, I'll turn it over to our Co-CEO and my good friend, Carl Eschenbach to share our go-to-market highlights from the quarter. Carl, over to you?
Carl Eschenbach: Thanks, Aneel. And thank you everyone for joining today. I want to start by offering my sincere thanks to Barbara for all she has done for Workday in her nearly nine years here. As a Board Member and now as Co-CEO, I've had the opportunity to watch her grow and help drive Workday forward across her many leadership roles. Without question, Workday is a better company because of her. We will miss her and we wish her well. As we searched for a leader to take over as CFO [indiscernible] and I cannot think of a better person than Zane Rowe. I had the privilege of working alongside him at VMware, and I believe he is one of the finest executives and CFOs in all of enterprise software. As we embark upon the next phase of our growth journey, Zane is the perfect person to guide us on our path of driving durable long-term growth and margin expansion. We are thrilled to welcome Zane to the team and expect a seamless transition over the next couple of months. Ninety days ago at our global sales kickoff, we challenged our teams to deliver a strong start for FY '24. I'm proud to say that our workmates met that goal driving growth across key geographies, industries and solutions, leading to strong new ACB growth in Q1. Because of their efforts, we are well positioned as we head into Q2, despite a challenging macro environment, which continues to cause customer uncertainty, increased scrutiny, and in some cases, lightning sales cycles. I joined workday as Co-CEO six months ago. And while I was excited about the possibilities then, I am even more excited now. Sharing the Co-CEO role with Aneel couldn't be going any better. Working alongside him, I've had the chance to witness the power of Aneel 30 years of product experience, which is unmatched in our industry. Our complementary skills make a tremendous partnership. I've also spent a lot of time over the last few months meeting with our employees, customers and partners around the world. These visits have shown me the energy and innovation across the Workday community firsthand. They reinforced my belief that Workday has the potential to be one of the most enduring software businesses of our time. There are two key themes I keep hearing that sets us apart. The first is that Workday is mission critical. Workday is the intelligent digital backbone for enterprises who are looking to consolidate their technology footprint and move from best-of-breed applications to best-in-suite or best-in-platform. Enterprises are clearly looking to benefit from the reduced total cost of ownership and a rapid pace of innovation that Workday delivers. Second, as Aneel mentioned, Workday's approach to AI and ML is a clear differentiator for us. With over 60 million users all on a unified data model. We are uniquely positioned to be the secure steady hand to support our customers through this tectonic technology shift, same as we did with Cloud. Turning to highlights for the quarter, I would like to focus on 5 key areas; land, expand, global, industries and partners. Our land motion with net new customers remains the primary driver of our growth. We had a strong performance landing new customers across our key buying centers, geographies and industries in Q1 and continue to see significant runway. In HCM, where we are the clear market leader, we saw sustained momentum with several new customer wins, including Dollar Tree, Interpublic Group, Johor Corporation and McLean Company, along with notable HCM go-lives, including DICK'S Sporting Goods, J. Crew and Lexmark International. Increasingly, customers are looking to leverage the full power of Workday by purchasing both HCM and financial management. New full platform wins in Q1 include IBEX Global Solutions, Pima County, The Rio and Stephens Transport. We also had several core Fins go-live, including Whole Foods, Vanderbilt University Medical Center; and Extendicare, which went live on both Financials and HCM. Another way that we strategically bring new customers into the Workday community is through our planning-first motion, which drove healthy growth and had important wins in every major region this quarter, including Leonardo Hotels, LeoVegas and a significant expansion of our agreement with ExxonMobil. Planning is an important first step on our customers' digital transformation journey. And once they are a Workday customer, we can partner with them to realize the full benefits of our platform. Several companies expanded from Planning first to full platform in Q1, including DJE Holdings and The Nature Conservancy. Given this success, along with momentum, we are seeing within the office of the CFO, we are adding significant sales capacity this year focused on selling Fins. And while this is early, we are optimistic about the initial pipeline momentum from these resources. Customers are increasingly leaning into Workday as their trusted platform across the board. This was reflected in strong renewals and healthy expansion activity across our installed base in Q1. Wins include Brown & Brown, IU Group, Nissan and Racetrack, to name a few. We are seeing expand to momentum across our product portfolio, including solutions that deliver faster time to value for customers such as Peakon, Planning, Health and Talent Optimization. This momentum is helping our sales teams create and close a healthy amount of pipeline all in the same quarter. Global growth continues to be a massive untapped opportunity for us. We drove strong execution across a number of our major geographies this quarter, yet less than 5% of our TAM is penetrated. In the U.S., we saw strong traction, particularly within large enterprise. In EMEA, we're seeing early signs that our new leadership team is coming together with healthy growth across key markets, including Germany, Switzerland and the Nordics; and wins, including Equinor ASA and Clyde & Co. In APJ, Australia was a highlight with wins including Insignia Financial and the Australian arm of Tokio Marine. Momentum is also clearly building within our investment in native payroll in the Australian market. While we still have work to do in APJ to capture the full market potential, after spending time in the region in Q1, the executive team and I continue to see a lot of opportunity. Next, I want to highlight our industry-first approach, which is a critical part of winning the offices of the CFO and CHRO within our core services-based industries. In higher education, for example, we have led the market over the last 3 years in cloud-native HCM, financial and student systems according to the Tambellini Group. We saw continued momentum in Q1 with notable wins, including a Fins expansion at Northeastern University and new platform wins at the University of Richmond and Loyola University of Maryland. In the professional services industry, the key wins I mentioned earlier include deals at DJE Holdings, IBEX and Interpublic Group. In financial services, we had several wins and expansions, including Absa Bank, Fannie Mae and First American. In state and local government, we followed up a strong Q4 with another quarter of healthy growth. And in health care, we were pleased to be named the top-performing cloud ERP solution by Class Research. And we had important Q1 wins, including a significant expansion at Stanford Health Care. Our ability to accelerate our momentum in these industries and across our business depends on our ability to maintain a vibrant and engaged partner ecosystem. While our partner ecosystem has always been critical to our success, we are shifting even more deployments to our partners. And in return, we are looking to work with our partners in increasingly strategic ways to drive more co-innovation and greater lead generation for the Workday. As part of that effort, we rolled out our new partner referral program in May, which puts clear incentives in place for our ecosystem to drive lead generation. In addition, following our go-to-market partnership with AWS we announced last quarter, I'm pleased to share that we had our first AWS private marketplace transaction during Q1. And as Aneel mentioned, the recently announced payroll partnership with Alight expands our global payroll coverage. In closing, we're off to a great start in FY '24 with strong new business bookings, healthy pipelines and continued progress towards our strategic growth initiatives. And while the macro remains uncertain, we are positioning the business to return to 20%-plus subscription revenue growth when the environment improves and laying the foundation for driving durable growth and margin expansion for many years to come. With that, I'll turn it over to Barbara. Barbara, over to you.
Barbara Larson: Thanks, Carl. I appreciate the kind words. It's been such a pleasure to work and grow alongside you, Aneel and this entire organization these last 9 years. But after much thought, I know this is the right time for me to step back and focus on my family. And I can't think of a better person to pass the CFO reins to than Zane. He's a remarkable leader, an incredible person and culture fit and the right person to take Workday on the next phase of its incredible growth journey. I look forward to working with him over the next couple of months to ensure a seamless transition. As Aneel and Carl mentioned, we had a strong start to the year driven by solid execution and durable demand across our solutions as organizations continue their finance and HR modernization journey. Subscription revenue in Q1 was $1.53 billion, up 20% year-over-year. Professional services revenue in the quarter was $156 million. Total revenue outside of the U.S. was $420 million in Q1, representing 25% of total revenue. Twenty-four-month subscription revenue backlog was $9.79 billion, up 23% at the end of Q1, resulting from strong new ACV bookings and renewals with growth in net revenue retention rates over 95% and over 100%, respectively. As Carl mentioned, we saw significant customer base expansion activity in the quarter. Many of the customers that expanded their strategic footprint elected to co-term and renew their existing contracts ahead of schedule. These early renewals in the quarter added roughly 1 percentage point to both 24-month and total backlog growth. Total subscription revenue backlog at the end of Q1 was $16.65 billion, up 32%. In addition to the benefit from early renewals, we continue to see an increased average contract duration on both new deals and renewals, causing total backlog to grow significantly faster than 24-month backlog. Our non-GAAP operating income for the first quarter was $396 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 23.5%. Margin overachievement was driven by revenue upside, a slower-than-anticipated ramp in hiring and the timing of certain expenses. Q1 operating cash flow was $277 million. As we discussed last quarter, the year-over-year decline was driven by the first full year payout of our performance-based cash bonus program, a $55 million interest payment on our debt and payments associated with our January workforce realignment. We ended the first quarter with more than 17,800 global workmates. We continue to add key talent across strategic growth areas of the business, notably go-to-market and product and technology, but we continue to plan for fewer head count additions in FY '24 as compared to FY '23. Overall, we're very proud of the strong company-wide execution in Q1, and we are focused on maintaining our momentum as we enter Q2. Now turning to guidance, which reflects both the continued momentum of our business while also balancing what remains an uncertain macro environment. Following a strong Q1, we are raising the low end of our FY '24 subscription revenue guidance, resulting in a new range of $6.550 billion to $6.575 billion, an 18% year-over-year growth. We continue to view this guidance as prudent in the context of the environment. We expect Q2 subscription revenue to be $1.611 billion to $1.613 billion, representing 18% year-over-year growth. Additionally, we continue to expect sequential subscription revenue growth in Q3 of approximately 4%. We are maintaining our FY '24 professional services revenue guidance of $630 million to $650 million. As Carl mentioned, we are strategically shifting more deployments to our partner ecosystem as part of our channel strategy. For Q2, we expect professional services revenue of $160 million. We expect the 24-month backlog to increase approximately 20% year-over-year in Q2. We continue to expect FY '24 a non-GAAP operating margin of 23% and plan on maintaining a disciplined approach to invest in long-term growth opportunities, while at the same time delivering healthy margin expansion. For Q2, we expect a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 22%, which reflects typical seasonality as a result of our annual employee compensation cycle, which took effect at the beginning of Q2. GAAP operating margins for both the second quarter and the full year are expected to be approximately 22 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margins. We expect to achieve GAAP profitability on an operating income basis beginning in the third quarter and for the full fiscal year as we continue to drive margin expansion and reduce stock-based compensation as a percentage of revenue. The FY '24 non-GAAP tax rate remains at 19%. To align our compensation plan with our focus on speed of execution and results, we recently modified our cash bonus program from an annual to a semiannual payout structure, beginning with our FY '24 bonus plan. We expect to make the first semiannual payment in Q3 of this year, resulting in an additional bonus payment in FY '24 versus our initial expectations. As a result, we now expect FY '24 operating cash flow of $1.95 billion, growth of 18% year-over-year. In addition, we are lowering our guidance for FY '24 capital expenditures to approximately $300 million driven by normalization we are seeing within our supply chain. We have $425 million in the remaining authorization under our buyback program and expect to resume buying back shares in Q2 after our trading window opens. And finally, I'll close by thanking our amazing employees, customers and partners for their continued support and hard work as we move through FY '24 and beyond. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Kash Rangan: Considering that it's a Q1 and macro headwinds are persistent, this is a significant outperformance in the backlog. So congratulations to the team Workday. One quick one for Aneel. With generative AI, what is your view on how Workday can potentially get paid? Is it to a new SKU or improvement in ARPU? And if I can slip one for Carl, any update on the net new business back-to-the-base initiative and how that's powering through these results would be useful. Thank you so much.
Aneel Bhusri: So I think touch the part about ChatGPT and then or generative AI, and then what was the follow-on to that?
Kash Rangan: How can you monetize it, Aneel, in terms of a new SKU or an ability to charge more for the productivity improvement that you can offer to your customers?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. I think in general; AI and ML are technologies that all customers should expect to be embedded in their products. The way we've thought about it is using it to enable products that couldn't have existed before. We announced some of them as new SKUs, but our big ones so far have been Skills Cloud. That just couldn't exist without AI/ML. You could say the same about Talent Optimization. As it relates to generative AI, by the way, those are based on generative AI maybe not ChatGPT, but generative AI. And Skills Cloud is a great example of a large language model as well. There's other SKUs coming down the road. There's content generation. You could think about the one that everybody talks about, performance reviews as an example. There are ways to monetize it, but we want to make sure it's a brand-new product that couldn't be built without it. And I would just say stay tuned. You'll see us start rolling things out, but we're doing things around generative AI very carefully to make sure that we follow our path on ethics and security and doing it the right way.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Kash, as it relates to the net new business, as you can see, we had a really strong start to the year here in Q1, and that includes our net new business or our new ACV business. And it was across all industries. It wasn't specific to one. It was across all industries. It was across all market segments. And geographically, we saw strong performance both in the U.S. and in EMEA as well. So our net new business is the lifeline of Workday. It gives us the customer installed base to sell back into. And we saw a strong performance in Q1, and that was reflected in our guide for both Q2 and the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Murphy: Congrats on the great consistency. And Barbara, best wishes, and thank you for everything. Carl and Aneel, in this environment, are you better off spending the next incremental dollar on financials or on products that help to navigating this challenging labor market, like recruiting and skills cloud and talent marketplace. I'm just wondering where you see stronger prioritization and willingness to buy. And then, you did mention a significant expansion with ExxonMobil. I'm a little surprised because I recall that as a very large planning deal just announced last summer. Can you just clarify why the expansion is so rapid there?
Aneel Bhusri: On the R&D side, they're long-term investments. And I feel very comfortable that they're all fully funded. I think in this environment, it's more of a question on how you allocate go-to-market resources. And that's really up to Carl. So Carl, how would you think about that?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Sure. So we saw a really solid performance in financials this quarter. And as we talked about last quarter, we were doubling down on go-to-market around financials and hiring a significant number of quota-carrying capacity reps. And we're going to continue to do that because of the pipeline that we saw build specifically around financials. We also called out in our prepared remarks that we continue to see a lot of momentum in our land business, specifically around planning. We land customers with planning, and then they come right back in and buy both. Financials, obviously, but we're also seeing people buy HCM on the back of a planning land because of workforce planning. In the example of Exxon, we only had a portion of their business for Planning, and they expanded it much more broadly across their entire business because they saw the value that they got from that platform that they started to use a year ago. So again, planning is a good lead-in for us, and we'll continue to invest in go-to-market around financials because of both the strength of financials and the planning land business we see today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Keith Weiss: Very nice quarter. I wanted to ask a question really about the macro environment and what you're seeing out there. You referred to it as still uneven. But like the idea of customers co-terming and sort of pulling forward contracting seems a little bit more aggressive than what we saw, like this time last year when customers were delaying deals and shifting it out. So one, should we take that as any indication on kind of the overall macro environment? And then as a follow-up, I just wanted to ask about that state of Iowa contract that was in the news that got canceled. Did that have any impact on the quarter in terms of RPO or bookings or is that already out of there? Thank you.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks, Keith, for the question. I think it's consistent from what we described last quarter. There's an uncertain environment out there which, in some cases, caused customer uncertainty, increased scrutiny. We're seeing the CFO be involved in a lot more deals. And in some cases, we're even seeing lengthening of sales cycles, but that's specific, if you will, more to net new opportunities. And even if they get pushed out, they don't go away. They just push out by a quarter or 2. That being said, we couldn't be more proud of how we executed in Q1 with this backdrop. And one of the reasons we think that's the case is because companies continue to prioritize both HCM and financial transformations to support two of their most critical assets: their people and their money. And in an environment like this, we're starting to see our value proposition actually only become that much stronger. The reason for that is we think our platform is a consolidation play. And as people consolidate more on to a specific platform, there's a total cost of ownership benefit that they get. And if you think about the headwinds most of our customers are facing specific to the HCM platform, they need to drive two things, they need to drive productivity gains and they also need to make sure their employee experience is at the highest level, and that's exactly what we do on the HCM side. On the financial side, the value proposition also is resonating in this environment, why? Because finance role has continued to change in an environment like we're playing in today. They have to be agile and nimble. They have to be able to do forecast, and they have to make quick [indiscernible]. And we just see this as another example where our platform play on the financials only get that much stronger. So I think overall, we're not immune to the environment that's out there, but our value proposition is resonating more than ever in a market like we're dealing with today.
Barbara Larson: And then, Keith, this is Barbara on Iowa. We don't provide customer-specific revenue or backlog disclosures but do keep in mind that no single customer is material to our business.
Doug Robinson: Keith, Doug Robinson here. I'd just say that the storyline for me of the quarter is the diversity of the business. And so you talk about the macro, it's sort of the core of your question. And there's enough diversity in that business that we're not seeing where there are pockets of weakness, we have lots of diverse lines of business where we do see industry a lot of strength. And specific about like the early renewal comment, I think that's just a function of not a focus or any specific sales play that's being run, but I do think it's a function of we're getting a larger percentage of our revenue from our existing customer base doubling down and back to rationalizing a number of suppliers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Kirk Materne: Congrats on the strong start and, Barbara, best of luck going forward. Aneel, I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the unified data model and then the explosion of interest around AI. You guys, as you mentioned, have been investing in AI for a while. Can you just talk a little bit about how much of an advantage the unified data model is, as you bring in more generative AI into the product suite versus if you didn't have that? And I was just curious do customers recognize this, meaning when they're making a bet on your long-term product portfolio, do they realize the benefits of this model even more so as we start talking about AI in a bigger way? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I think it's a great question. I think it's our job to explain to them the benefits of the unified data model, and it's a huge advantage, right? We have a data model that we can run huge algorithms against that are not just all of HR, but it's all of HR and finance. And if you wanted to bring in third-party data, we can bring that in through Prism Analytics. If you think about a company that's been built through acquisition, the first thing they need to do is figure out how to get all the data and probably have to dump it into a data mart where you lose a lot of intelligence along the way, kind of lose the data model alongside. So it's huge. But the other part that's huge for us is the amount of data we have in a normalized multi-tenant fashion. We have over 60 million employees in the system and hundreds of billions of transactions every year. We have a huge advantage on the data being in a way that makes it easy to run algorithms against, where I just think for almost everybody else, it's so hard just to get the data all in one place and then they don't have the data sets that we have.
Carl Eschenbach: I would say, too, from a sales perspective, we see it now becoming part of the buying criteria and part of the decision-making, whereas a year ago, there wasn't perhaps the customer pushing it so much as the sales teams and the consulting teams trying to demonstrate the value of it and shine a spotlight on it. Even within customer base now, we've always done, as Aneel mentioned before, predictions and recommendations based off of AI and ML, and customers have been using that for years. And there's now set an interest in understanding how we go about doing that in deeper detail.
Aneel Bhusri: And one other piece architecturally, a lot of companies are approaching AI and ML as something brand new, so they're trying to attach AI and ML technologies to the applications. Our applications have that in their foundation through the technology set or the tool set. And that goes back really to 2014. We've always looked to the consumer Internet as a guiding light for where new technologies are first born, and then we apply them in a secure way, in a way that protects data privacy. So we've been at it for almost a decade now honing in. And I think ChatGPT, and conversational AI is an important next step, but we have all the foundational elements. And I would not forget about the value of more traditional AI and ML techniques because we haven't even touched the tip of the iceberg about what companies can do to make their businesses better.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Thill: Aneel and Carl, financial services, I believe, is one of your largest verticals. And many are curious ultimately what you saw post March. Have you seen any change in terms of appetite there? I'd just love to get your thoughts on the overall vertical.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Brent. Yes, it is one of our larger verticals. In fact, a few quarters ago, we talked about crossing $1 billion in ARR in this vertical. So it continues to be really important to us and strategic. It's important also to note though, Brent, when we talk about the financial services industries, it's inclusive of many things, including insurance, asset managers. We have investment banks there, commercial banks and regional banks. But as a whole, we were really pleased with our performance across the financial services segment this quarter. Specifically in the U.S., in our large enterprise segment, we saw probably the best quarter out of all the things I articulated there. At the same time, the regional banks, the regional banks fall more into our medium enterprise business here in the States. And we did see a little bit of softness in that business. But I think that was to be expected considering what was going on with the banking crisis in those regional banks. But overall, we saw a really solid performance in financial services.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Sills with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Sills: My question here is on the momentum you're seeing with those expansion deals, it sounds like, from planning to fins. I know this has been an effort that's been underway for a number of years, but it really seems like you're hitting your momentum here. What would you attribute that to? Is this just planning is becoming more or less a system of record, just given the need for analytics and the development of the platform, the challenging macro that need to change for forecasting and run ad hoc forecasting? Or is this more of an emphasis on kind of selling back into the base in that particular segment? Just curious as to why you're seeing the momentum now. Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: I'll just answer the product piece. There's no question planning is a system of record. And I think if there was any question during the pandemic, it became very clear that companies that could plan and adjust faster and better were going to do better. And so it is now clearly a core system of record. So Doug and Carl will take it from there.
Doug Robinson: I mean I'd definitely say the product investments have helped our sales effectiveness with financial and workforce planning. But frankly, it's a simple answer, which is adding more Fins-focused sellers who wake up every day really focused on that motion and then partnering them closely with the team that lands with the planning so that there's great collaboration between setting a vision starting with Planning but setting a vision for a full platform with Workday.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. I don't have anything to add. You said it well, Doug.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Zukin: So maybe just the first one around the way that macro evolved throughout the quarter, did you feel like it was kind of -- it's still tough, but it's not getting worse? And then kind of exiting the month of May, any commentary that you would kind of compare? And then on a product point, a really interesting partnership around global payroll with Alight. As you look at customers that are increasingly wanting to consolidate functionality onto one platform, where does it make sense to partner versus -- build versus buy or partner versus buy functionality? And why was payroll, in this case global payroll, kind of the right one to partner on versus acquire?
Carl Eschenbach: Well, let's start with your last question, and then I'll follow up on the quarter and what we're seeing. Aneel, why don't you take the payroll.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. So we have six of our own native payrolls. They're huge investments. And when you get to Europe and the works councils in particular, every country is very different. And it's always a trade-off about building a payroll versus HR Fins functionality that can be used in every country. There are great payroll solutions out there. Alight is a good partner. Frankly, ADP has been a very good partner almost since the start of the day of the Workday. And we have a good partnership in the field with them, a good partnership in the field. And really, what we want to do is provide choices to our customers and the more that we can do with integrations that work out of the box. Frankly, what it does is it opens up market for us where companies in some of these geographies, they expect HR and payroll to come together as opposed to just HR. So when we don't have payroll, we're not able to access all that marketplace. So these are really important partnerships to us.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. And as it relates to the macro, the question was around whether we're seeing anything change throughout Q1 and the start of year Q2. And no, it's pretty consistent. It's very uncertain. And as I said earlier, we're clearly seeing deals go for another level or two of approval, including all the way up to the CFO office. And that hasn't changed throughout the last four months. In fact, it's pretty consistent with what we even saw at the end of last year. That being said, we're prepared for it. The teams understand this is going to happen. They're very prepared for these extra levels of approval. And I think we've navigated these choppy waters quite well. I will say, we also mentioned in Q1, we were going to be prudent with our guide both in Q1 for the full year based on the choppy waters we see out there, and that's exactly what we're seeing. And it's playing out in the guidance. And as you saw in our guide for the full year, we maintained it because of the healthy pipeline we built coming out of Q1.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Karl Keirstead: Maybe this is for Doug and/or Carl. But the HCM seat expansions can be harder to come by upon renewals in an environment where your customer base isn't hiring as aggressively. But it certainly doesn't appear from these numbers that was an issue for you guys at all. But I'd love to just comment on the seat expansion dynamic you're seeing upon renewals. Thank you.
Doug Robinson: Yes. It's a great question and one that we purposefully built into the plan. We expect it as part of this year's plan for some moderation there. And in fact, that did play out. Now the customers that did renew in the aggregate added more employees at the end of the quarter than at the time at the end of their agreement, but it did moderate just as we planned. So to us, it's playing out as we had predicted. No deviation up or down from it.
Carl Eschenbach: The only thing I'd add there, Doug, is if you look at the head count contraction in the market, I think it's much more acute in one industry versus others, and that's in hi-tech. So in a lot of our other customers where we did have renewals come up, they did expand their head count because not everyone is reducing their head count and doing risks out there in the market. It's much more acute in hi-tech.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Bracelin with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Bracelin: Clearly seeing good momentum here with the planning-first sales motion. I want to pivot a little bit to Extend, particularly on the heels of Workday DevCon. You're crossing over 500 Extend customers now. What are the types of applications people are building with Extend to run on Workday? And as you think about exposing AI and large language models, does that potentially accelerate the app build opportunity with Extend? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. I'd say most of the applications are basically, it's called Extend. They're usually apps that customers wanted to build that are either in HR or finance that are custom apps that they had before that they now want to move into the Workday environment. So it just helps them retire legacy applications and put everything in the same environment where they also get the benefit of those applications getting updated and move forward to the next version by Workday. So it's a very powerful opportunity. And exactly what you said around AI and ML is what we're doing. And if you think about the announcements, we made at DevCon, a lot of it was enabling AI and ML development. And of course, what we're doing with AWS was huge. That was probably one of the most exciting announcements we made at DevCon. Now people can natively build on top of AWS and have it represent through Extend and tie into the rest of their Workday application suite. I think Extend is still one of our best-kept secrets. And it's hard for me to see how every customer shouldn't want to have at least some presence of Extend in their Workday footprint.
Operator: We will take two more questions. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Turrin with Wells Fargo.
Michael Turrin: You're talking about a return to 20% growth, but still above that number. So congrats on that. Maybe just one on margin, you drove 200 basis points of outperformance in the quarter, still holding on to the full year guide. I know Barb mentioned some items around timing of expenses, but anything we should be mindful of in modeling out expenses for the rest of the year? And maybe, Barb, just any further comment on how you ensure there's a seamless transition given some good transition through the management team thus far? Thanks.
Barbara Larson: Yes. Thanks for the question. You're right. We outperformed Q1 margins. Some of that was due to a slower-than-expected hiring ramp and also some timing of certain expenses. So it's really early in the year. We have a lot of strategic growth areas of the business where we're looking to invest and help sustain durable long-term growth, while also planning to deliver healthy margin expansion this year. And in terms of the transition, I'm here through the end of July and focused on making this as smooth and as seamless as possible for Zane as well as for the team. And I couldn't think of a better person to hand the reins over to. Zane is an incredible person. I've known him personally. So Workday is in good hands.
Michael Turrin: But I will add, you will be missed Barbara.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of DJ Hynes with Canaccord. Please proceed with your question.
David Hynes: Congrats on the results. Maybe one on international. I don't think we've hit that yet. It sounds like you're happy with the leadership that's in place now. I think in the past, you've talked about some product gaps that need to be filled internationally. Maybe you could just talk a little bit about kind of where you are in that process and maybe in what markets you see the most opportunity to jump start international.
Aneel Bhusri: You want to go?
Carl Eschenbach: Yes, I'll start. So yes, thanks for the question. And it is a big focus for us here. We always talk about our TAM. And we talk about half of our TAM is outside the U.S., and only 25% of our revenues this quarter come from that market. And if you look at it globally, we're only penetrated 5% of our total TAM. And a lot of that's going to come going forward from our international expansion. In Europe, specifically, last quarter, we talked about a number of new leadership changes we made, and we're starting to see really good traction in Europe. In fact, the leadership we talked about last quarter continued. Just last week, we brought in two new leaders, both in France and a new leader in the U.K., so that team has hit the ground and they're doing super well right now. A number of us in the leadership team spent time in APJ last quarter as well. And we saw a tremendous amount of opportunity there in those markets. As it relates to the product, Aneel talked earlier about Alight, an example of us expanding our partnership with them to get more payroll in market. We've built out additional data centers over the last year in Singapore, in Germany, in Australia. And I think you can expect us also to look at the ecosystem, our partners going forward to expand our presence in international markets. We just recently rolled out a referral program for our partners. So if they bring us net new opportunities, they'll get paid. We launched that and we see that across EMEA. And we're also going to do some of that in APJ. So we're really pleased with the early signs of some of the transformation we're going to in the international market and it's going to come across all functions of the business, both go-to-market, product and our ecosystem.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. And I would just add that the payroll is the big solution for a lot of those international markets. But there are capabilities required for Japan and Korea. They have a business process where thousands of people will change jobs once a year. And it's a very unique -- it's almost like a re-recruiting process. And it's been a chicken-and-egg thing, where without the pipeline, we haven't made the investments as the pipeline is building, we're making the investments in those capabilities. Japan is a country we should be doing a lot better in, and we have some product gaps that we can fill to make it better for the sales teams.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-02-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. During the Q&A, please limit your questions to one. With that, I will now hand it over to Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Justin Furby: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Workday's fourth quarter fiscal 2023 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri and Carl Eschenbach, our Co-CEOs; Barbara Larson, our CFO; and Doug Robinson, our Co-President. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our fiscal 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release, in our investor presentation and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Additionally, our quarterly investor presentation will be posted on our Investor Relations website following this call. Also, the customers' page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our first quarter fiscal 2024 quiet period begins on April 15, 2023. We Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2022. With that, I'll hand the call over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Justin, and welcome to Workday's fiscal 2023 fourth quarter and full year financial results earnings call. I'm pleased to share that we delivered solid Q4 results and once again outperformed against our key operating metrics, which include a subscription revenue growth of 22% for the quarter and for full year fiscal year 2023. While the macro environment continues to be unpredictable, Workday's value proposition is only getting stronger as more organizations turn to us to help them adapt and manage their two most important resources, their people and their finances. As a result, our thriving customer community continues to grow and feel our path to $10 billion in revenue and beyond. In fact, we achieved a significant milestone in Q4, as we surpassed the 10,000 customer mark with more than 4,750 of those being our core HCM and finance customers, a true testament to the power of the Workday platform and our ability to address the needs for the offices of the CHRO and CFO. Additionally, approximately 629 billion transactions were processed with Workday in fiscal year 2023, an increase of 42% year-over-year and further proof of the scale that we had reached. Before we share some Q4 highlights, I want to touch on several recent leadership moves and one organizational announcement that we made, all of which will help set us up for our next phase of growth. The first is the appointment of Carl Eschenbach as Co-CEO, which we announced in December. Carl has been a Workday Board member since 2018, and for the past 35 years, has been one of the finest sales and operational leaders in enterprise technology. With his experience and commitment to our values and culture, Carl is a perfect fit to help Workday scale and lead us forward. At the end of our fiscal year 2024, Carl is expected to assume sole CEO responsibilities, while I will stay involved with our product and technology teams and all of our employees as a full-time Executive Chair and Chair of the Board. Carl's transition into the Co-CEO role has been seamless and I'm excited to work alongside him going forward as we continue to grow Workday and strengthen our position as the leader in cloud HR while building on our momentum in finance. I also want to acknowledge the great work Chano Fernandez did during his nine years with Workday and for the last two years as Co-CEO. He played a significant role in helping to shape the company into who we are today, and I want to thank him for his contributions. Additionally, Sayan Chakraborty, our EVP of Product and Technology, has been elevated to Co-President alongside Doug Robinson. Since joining Workday more than seven years ago, Sayan has been a driving force behind our evolving and expanding innovation strategy, led our efforts to scale the Workday platform to support and enable some of the world's largest organizations, and is one of the foremost experts in artificial intelligence and machine learning as it relates to the world of enterprise offerings. Sayan will continue to lead our product and technology organization, and we are pleased to recognize his leadership role across the organization now as Co-President. With Sayan stepping into a Co-President role, Robynne Sisco, who was previously Co-President and before that CFO, will now assume the role of Vice Chair. In this role, Robynne will work closely with our global sales team to help us build on our momentum with the office of the CFO and further cement Workday as a leader in cloud finance. The last leadership update is related to our Board of Directors. I'm pleased to share that we announced today that Mark Hawkins has been elected as the newest member of our Board. With more than 35 years of finance leadership experience at global software and technology companies, most recently at Salesforce, Mark will bring invaluable experience and perspective to Workday. Final announcement I want to highlight, which we made at the end of January, was a restructuring and realignment of some teams across Workday that led to the elimination of roles impacting about 3% of our global workforce. While it's always difficult to see employees leave under those circumstances, we made this decision to align our resources and people against the most strategic areas of the business to help ensure that Workday is set up for continued growth for many years to come. Throughout this process, we did our absolute best to treat the affected employees with compassion and offer them generous severance packages. This restructuring move was not a cost-cutting effort, and we will continue to hire in fiscal year 2024 for roles that support our strategic initiatives. With that, I'd like to share some product and technology highlights from the quarter. From an innovation perspective, our continued focus on uniquely embedding AI and ML into the core of our platform is enabling us to drive the future of work for HR and finance customers and there are more than 60 million employees around the world. On the HR front, the combination of our Workday Skills Cloud, which is powered by AI and ML and Workday Talent Optimization is supporting customers in their transition to a skills-first mindset. To date, nearly 50% of all live Workday HCM customers are leveraging Workday Skills Cloud, while Talent Optimization is Workday's fastest-growing SKU, with an attach rate on new deals of more than 85% in fiscal year 2023. For Planning, we introduced new demand forecasting capabilities that leverage AI and ML to help retailers forecast business demand based on external data, such as sales and foot traffic history. Retail continues to be one of our target industries as more than 50% of the retail organizations in the Fortune 500 are Workday customers. And innovations like this will enable us to build on our momentum in this space. We're also continuing to double down on AI and ML through our Workday Ventures Fund. We announced a $250 million expansion of the fund to focus on larger growth areas such as generative AI, all with an eye to embracing emerging technologies to help us further enable our customers in today's changing world of work. Finally, I want to touch on how we're continuing to invest in our brand. Hopefully, you all saw our fun rock star-themed advertisement during the Super Bowl, which reached an estimated 110 million viewers. While finance and HR leaders are familiar with us, we saw the Super Bowl as the stage to help us become more well known to a broader audience. We firmly believe that our brand is strategic and investments in marketing drive awareness and demand for our products and services. Going forward, we feel very confident in our ability to capitalize on the long-term growth opportunity in front of us, thanks to the strategy we have in place, the mission-critical nature of our solutions and the amazing talents of our more than 17,700 Workmates around the globe. In fact, we are hosting today's call from our annual sales kickoff meeting and the excitement from all of our go-to-market teams here in Las Vegas about the incredible opportunity we have in front of us is palpable. With that, I'll hand it over to our Co-CEO, my buddy, Carl Eschenbach. Carl, over to you.
Carl Eschenbach : Thank you, Aneel, for those kind words, and thank you to everyone for joining us today. Let me start by saying that I am humbled and honored by the opportunity to partner and work alongside Aneel and our Workmates across this amazing company. I'm truly energized by Workday's unique opportunity to be one of the largest and most profitable software companies in the world. This was my first quarterly call as co-CEO and I could not be more proud of our teams for their incredible execution. Despite a macro environment that remains uncertain and that no one is immune from, we drove strong close rates in Q4 and built a healthy pipeline for the year ahead. Our team was prepared to respond to the extra scrutiny we knew would come with deals in this environment. And because of that, we are heading into our new fiscal year in a position of strength. I can tell you the excitement for the year is all around us as we are coming to you live from our annual sales kickoff conference in Las Vegas. As a Board member for the last five years, I have been actively involved in Workday's growth journey. Today, more than two months in as Co-CEO, I have had the privilege of spending time with hundreds of Workmates, customers, partners and prospects around the world. Those meetings have given me an even greater appreciation of how compelling Workday's value proposition is and how differentiated we really are. I have also gotten to know Aneel and the leadership team even better. And while I already considered Aneel, a partner and a friend, our co-CEO relationship is working really well as we have very complementary skill sets. It's a true one plus one equals three equation. As I reflect upon my first couple of months, a few things in particular have stood out, starting with the culture and values of Workday. This, frankly, was the most important driver for me taking this role. I have long admired the culture that Dave and Aneel built and see as a true differentiator. We have six core values at Workday, and each of them are important. But to me, the one that I keep coming back to is integrity. If you do the right thing, everything else falls into place. I have been blown away by the talent that sits across this company and by how ingrained our values are in everything we do. Another observation is around our land opportunity. With net new customers, I will tell you it's wide open. We have a footprint with over 50% of the Fortune 500 and more than 25% of the Global 2000, but we still see plenty of room to grow. Q4 was a great validation of this, with seven new Fortune 500 and 11 new Global 2000 customers. New HCM customers we added in the quarter included Allstate, Camping World, Cracker Barrel, Delaware North Companies, Mercedes-Benz Group and Whataburger. And key go-live included Heidelberg Materials and Mitsui Chemicals. In addition, we once again added several full platform HCM and financial customers, including Fidelity National Title, Panda Restaurant Group, and the State of Georgia. And we had several FINS go live, including The New York Times and Sanford Health. One of the exciting things about our land opportunity is that it's not limited to replacing outdated on-premises systems. In fact, three of our new Fortune 500 wins replaced cloud solutions from our legacy ERP competitors. And the land opportunity extends well beyond the upmarket as the medium enterprise has become an increasingly important driver of net new ACV and that team drove record performance in the quarter. What's also important is the strength of our customer relationships and the strategic nature of what we do for them. This provides us with an incredible opportunity to expand our business with our installed base of customers who rely on Workday as their intelligent digital backbone to adapt and manage their people and money. This quarter, we once again drove very strong renewals along with solid new ACV bookings, including expansions at Belk, GE, Old Dominion Freight, Prudential and Truist. We saw momentum across our solutions portfolio, including Learning, Planning, Prism Analytics, Accounting Center and Candidate Engagement. And an increasing number of our expansion deals added core financials as we lean into our market leadership in HCM to drive increasing momentum with the office of the CFO. Our opportunity is truly global. The US, which continues to be our largest market, had a solid Q4 and has a healthy runway going forward. We also have a tremendous international opportunity, which is only about a quarter of our revenue, but more than half of our TAM. Our momentum is building in strategic markets like DACH and Nordics, where we had a number of important wins during Q4, including CCB Management Services, Mila and NorgesGruppen. Accelerating our international business is a strategic priority and we are investing in both talent and products to help drive that. Our continued industry focus is gaining momentum, and it is a core part of our ongoing strategy. We had wins in a number of key verticals in Q4, including state and local government where in addition to the win at the State of Georgia, we had wins at the City of Boston, the City of Charlotte and New York City Housing Authority to name a few. In fact, new ACV from our state and local teams more than doubled year-over-year in Q4, and we expect our traction to continue in FY 2024. Finally, our partner ecosystem will be critical to our next phase of growth. Our partners from the global system integrators to the boutiques have been incredibly important to get us to where we are today. They drive the vast majority of our customer deployments and serve as an important source of co-innovation. One of the ways they do this is through Workday Extend, which now has over 1,000 applications in production across our customer community. We expect our partners will play an even more important role in FY 2024 as we look for them to drive an increased number of new opportunities, while we strategically shift more customer deployments to our ecosystem. We see this as a clear win-win. We are also focusing our efforts across our broader ecosystem of ISVs and technology partners. A great example is our recent partnership with AWS, which extends our infrastructure relationship to a more formal go-to-market motion. I am excited to work alongside our Chief Customer Officer, Sheri Rhodes, and our newly appointed SVP of Global Partners, Matt Brandt, and our entire ecosystem on this journey. Heading into FY 2024, we have a clear strategy in place, which is rooted in strengthening our HCM market leadership and winning in FINS across our key industries. We are optimizing the business to double down in strategic growth areas such as investing in our customer base, focusing on key industries, evolving and investing in our partner ecosystem and relentlessly focusing on innovation, including shaping the future of work to our application of AI and machine learning. Having the right strategy is only part of the equation, you also need the right people, which is why we plan to continue to add sales capacity in key engineering talent as we position Workday for the next wave of growth. We also made some recent changes to strengthen our leadership bench that will be critical to helping us execute on our strategy. Doug Robinson will continue in his role as Co-President and now has full responsibility for all go-to-market functions. As Aneel mentioned, Sayan Chakraborty has also been elevated to Co-President, and I'm also excited to have Robynne Sisco serve as our Vice Chair, now squarely focused on helping us sell FINS. Patrick Blair, who joined a year ago to run North America sales, has been elevated to Head of Global Sales. His team across the regions is a talented mix of seasoned Workday veterans and proven recently added external talent, who will rally around our global opportunity. It's an amazing time to be at Workday, and I'm so inspired and energized by the incredible journey ahead. While we continue to see certain sales cycles, primarily net new opportunities taking longer than normal to close, our FY 2024 subscription revenue guidance prudently factors this in. And we are positioning the business to return to 20% plus subscription revenue growth when the environment improves, while simultaneously delivering margin expansion. I look forward to meeting many of you on the road in the quarter ahead, and thank you for your support. With that, I'll turn it over to Barbara. Barbara, over to you.
Barbara Larson: Thanks, Carl, and welcome. I know I speak for the broader Workday organization when I say that I'm incredibly excited to partner with you on the next phase of our growth journey. As Aneel and Carl mentioned, we had a solid close to the year, driven by strong execution across the company, combined with durable demand for our solutions as organizations of all sizes, prioritize finance and HR modernization during these uncertain times. Subscription revenue in Q4 was $1.50 billion, up 22% year-over-year. For the full year, subscription revenue was $5.57 billion, also a growth of 22%. Professional services revenue was $151 million for Q4 and $649 million for the full year. Total revenue outside of the US was $396 million in Q4, representing 24% of total revenue. 24-month subscription revenue backlog at the end of the fourth quarter was $9.68 billion, up 21%. The result was driven by solid new ACV bookings and strong renewals, with growth in net revenue retention rates over 95% and over 100%, respectively. In addition, early renewals added roughly 1 percentage point of upside to 24-month backlog growth and roughly 2 percentage points to total backlog growth. Total subscription revenue backlog at the end of Q4 was $16.45 billion, up 28%. Our non-GAAP operating income for the fourth quarter was $305 million, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 18.5%. Margin overachievement was driven by revenue upside and continued cost discipline. The workforce realignment we announced at the end of January was a $34 million non-GAAP expense in the quarter, or a roughly 2 percentage point headwind to Q4 non-GAAP operating margin, most of which was factored into our guidance. For the year, non-GAAP operating income was $1.21 billion, representing a margin of 19.5%. Q4 operating cash flow was $694 million, growth of 13%. As a reminder, the Q4 result was impacted by a roughly $70 million one-time IP transfer tax payment. Full year operating cash flow was $1.66 billion. During the quarter, we repurchased roughly $75 million in shares and have $425 million in remaining authorization under our buyback program. We ended the fourth quarter with more than 17,700 global workmates. As Anil and Karl mentioned, we will continue to add key talent across strategic growth areas of the business, notably go-to-market and product and technology, but we are planning for fewer headcount additions in FY 2024 as compared to FY 2023. Overall, we're very proud of the strong company-wide execution in Q4, and we enter FY 2024 in a position of strength. Now, turning to guidance, which reflects both the continued momentum in our business, while also balancing what remains an uncertain macro environment. In addition, we recently completed an assessment of our server and network equipment. And beginning in FY 2024, we are increasing the useful life assumption from three years to five years, reflecting advances in technology that we're benefiting from. This change will have a positive impact on our FY 2024 non-GAAP operating margin, which I will cover shortly. Following a solid Q4, we are maintaining the midpoint of our preliminary FY 2024 subscription revenue guidance and narrowing the range to $6.525 billion to $6.575 billion, representing 17% to 18% year-over-year growth. We view this guidance as prudent in the context of the environment. But as Carl mentioned, we're positioning to return to a 20% plus subscription revenue growth when the environment improves. We expect Q1 FY 2024 subscription revenue to be $1.517 billion to $1.520 billion, representing 19% year-over-year growth. We expect subscription revenue to increase sequentially by approximately 6% in Q2 and approximately 4% in Q3. We expect FY 2024 professional services revenue to be in the range of $630 million to $650 million. As Carl mentioned, we are strategically shifting more deployments to our partner ecosystem as part of ongoing investments we are making in the channel. For Q1, we expect professional services revenue of $148 million. We expect 24-month backlog to grow approximately 20% year-over-year in Q1. We currently expect FY 2024 non-GAAP operating margin of 23%. The expected margin expansion is primarily being driven by the scalability of our model, a strong moderation of hiring, and ongoing expense discipline. In addition, we estimate the change in server and network equipment useful life will result in a roughly $100 million reduction to the GAAP and non-GAAP cost of subscription revenue in FY 2024, creating a benefit to operating margin of about 150 basis points this year. Looking forward, the impact from this policy change is expected to trend down and result in an approximately $50 million reduction to GAAP and non-GAAP cost of subscription revenue in FY 2025. We estimate Q1 non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 21.5% and expect a normal seasonal sequential decline in Q2 as we invest in our people through our annual compensation process. GAAP operating margins for the first quarter and the full year are expected to be approximately 26 and 22 percentage points lower, respectively, than the non-GAAP margins. The FY 2024 non-GAAP tax rate remains at 19%. We expect FY 2024 operating cash flow of approximately $2.05 billion, growth of 24%. On a year-over-year basis, our first quarter cash flow will be impacted by the first full year payout of our performance-based cash bonus plans, severance costs associated with the recent realignment and an interest payment that did not occur last Q1 due to the timing of our debt offering. We expect capital expenditures of approximately $340 million in FY 2024 to support our continued business expansion. And finally, I'll close by thanking our amazing employees, customers and partners for their continued support and hard work. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Kirk Materne: Thanks. Thanks very much, and congrats on a strong finish to the year. Carl, since you have a relatively fresh pair of eyes looking at the business, I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the close in 4Q and the pipeline that leads you to believe that getting back to 20% growth is achievable once we get into a more sort of normalized operating environment. Just some specifics around that or what you're seeing maybe be helpful on that front. And then I have a quick follow-up for Barbara.
Carl Eschenbach : Sure. Well, first of all, thank you, Kirk, for the question. Let me start by just saying I want to thank all of our Workmates around the world for delivering a strong close to the year and setting us up for a strong FY 24. As you know, Kirk, announcing a CEO transition in the middle of Q4, your biggest quarter, is probably not always optimal. And we talked about our priorities at that time was to finish the year strong, and we did just that. As far as what we're seeing in the environment to think about getting back to a 20% growth, we see plenty of opportunity to continue to invest in the business, both on the go-to-market side with additional sales capacity in quota-carrying reps as well as continued investment in product and technology. A couple of key insights early on, now, I guess, over 60 days into the role, is we see continued opportunity in our international business, both in EMEA and in APJ. Today, we have only 25% of our business coming from our international operation, yet it represents greater than 50% of our TAM. So we see a really big opportunity there. And what we did is we brought in strong leadership both in EMEA and APJ. And Doug and Patrick have actually brought in additional strength even under our top leaders in those respective markets. We also think we're going to double down even further on our FINS opportunity, both to sell back into our customer base as well into net new. We see this as a rich opportunity. We did a nice job in Q4 selling back into our HCM base with our FINS solution, and we think that's something we can do a lot more of. And then the last thing, although there's plenty more, Kirk, I'd highlight is we're going to continue to leverage our ecosystem. Our partners around the world are doing a great job, implementing our technology and driving deployment. But we're also going to work with them to build business plans so they can help us drive net new business, not just do implementations, but help us drive new business into the base as well as net new customers overall. And then last thing on the ecosystem, we were excited to be able to announce today a partnership with AWS that allows us, for the first time, to sell our technology platform through their marketplace, allowing their customers to leverage the spend they have with AWS on Workday solutions. So that's an aggregate of why we think over time, depending on when the macro turns more favorable, we'll be able to get back to 20% growth on the subscription side.
Kirk Materne: That's super. And just a real quick one for Barbara. Barbara, just in terms of margins -- thanks for the commentary on 1Q and 2Q, just we're thinking about it correctly. I assume because risings in 3Q, we should see the rest of sort of the margin expansion in 4Q, maybe more seasonally flat or sequentially flat between 2Q and 3Q?
Barbara Larson: Yes, that sounds about right.
Kirk Materne: Okay. Thats great. Thanks, all. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Kash Rangan: Thank you so much. Congratulations, Aneel, Carl and Barbara. Carl, the question is targeted for you since I get only one or maybe 1.5. One is, as you speak with customers, what are the key themes that are emerging from your conversations with respect to how they're prioritizing investments in software, in particular, Workday, given inflation worries, rate worries, et cetera? And also everybody is conscious of the risk of a recession. I think our models are all increasingly building that. But since you've been through multiple cycles before in your very long career, as Aneel mentioned, what are the signs you're looking for in terms of a recovery, although it might be a little foolhardy to entertain the hopes of a recovery? But what are the things that could that you could be looking at that could increase your conviction that we go from high teens to 20-plus percent when environment gets better? Thank you so much.
Carl Eschenbach: Yes. Thanks. I'll start off, and then I'll turn it over to our Co-President, Doug, who's joining us on the call here today. So first, Kash, I'd say, companies continue to prioritize both HCM and in their financials in driving a digital transformation. Everyone is looking to get more value out of both their people and their financial systems, and I think we're at the core of that. So while it is true, customers are reprioritizing where they're going to make their investments. I think we move to the top of that list because we do drive true digital transformation, which is a term we've all talked about for probably the last five or 10 years, but it's in the midst of happening right now. And we're seeing early signs of us being a beneficiary of that transformation, including the seven Fortune 500 wins we had last quarter, we had 11 global wins in the Global 2000. And by the way, a number of those weren't just replacing legacy on-premise solutions, three of the Fortune 500 wins came with us, replacing our legacy competitors' cloud solutions. So that's another really good sign. And then two other things is while it's true, people are moving to the cloud and they're doing it faster than ever, we have the opportunity to be at the forefront of that. When people move to the cloud, whether it's HCM or FINS, Kash, we are going to get a look. And when we get a look, when we look at our win rates just last quarter, they're improving, and we're not seeing any additional discount to actually win those opportunities. So we think we're well positioned for the digital transformation that's happening. And it's interesting because with scarcity, all of a sudden, customers get clarity. And it's clear that we're in the middle of the opportunity here, unlike we've seen before to help them drive their digital transformation to focus on both their people and their financial systems.
Doug Robinson: Yeah. Hi Kash, Doug here. Thanks for the question. There's a couple of things I'd highlight for you. The first and -- the question went to what are you hearing from customers and executives. The first is tight labor markets continue. And so you see CEOs increasingly turn back to how do I reskill, retain and get the company positioned for the jobs of tomorrow. And so it shows up, and it's showing up, I think, in those seven Fortune 500 wins, some familiar themes there, those 11 Global 2000. And then really on the -- really driving the FINS side of it, there's talk at the CEO level about reinventing the entire business model. And, of course, Workday doesn't reinvent business models, but we give you an agile, enabling technology for you to be able to make those changes to your business over time. And the last thing I'd say as it relates to your question about what signs do we look for when we're starting to come out of it. To me, it's sales cycle duration on the net new. And we track that, as you might guess, by industry, by size of company, by geography. And when we see that start to come down, I think we'll be in a position to go up and over 20%. And what we're seeing right now is solid pipeline build. So we're pleased with the pipeline build, but we're still dealing with some of those elongated cycles in the net new space.
Carl Eschenbach: Yeah. One other thing to add there, Doug, is we see customers during times of tailwind, typically want to buy best-of-breed solutions. When there's headwinds, they buy best of suite. And today, we have the best platform for both FINS and core HCM. So we see more and more customers, to your point, of consolidating on our platform than we've ever seen before as they look to drive efficiencies in their own infrastructure.
Kash Rangan: Thank you, Carl and Doug. Congratulations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much. So Carl, Workday's revenue growth really is not flowing very much. If we just look around and compare it to the rest of the software industry, there's so many companies suffering through this period where their growth has slowed by 10 or 15 or 20 points or more. Is Workday's resilience more driven by the ability to help companies navigate through this complex type of a labor market, or do you think it's more of a function of the diversification across verticals where I think you have a little less reliance on the tech industry, or is there some other factor that's kind of coming to the forefront for you? And I have a quick follow-up.
Carl Eschenbach: Yeah, sure. Thanks for the question, Mark. I'll start, and then I'll hand it over to Aneel to make some additional comments. So first, I think the diversity of our business is what allows us to be so differentiated from the rest of the companies out there in our peer group. What I mean by that is we have a large installed base that we get to sell back into with high renewal rates. We're landing net new customers. We're selling across all industries and all verticals. So the diversity of our business is radically different than most people out there. And also, I think -- the other thing is our business is quite predictable. When you have a renewal rate like we have on a quarterly basis, we can really dial in what we think we're going to deliver to all of you in the Street and hit that with consistency. So we are diverse in our business. We have durability in our business model with good operating margin and good solid growth and good cash flows. And I just think as compared to the rest of the industry, we can weather any potential headwinds we're seeing going forward, which is reflected in our FY 2024 guidance. And Aneel, maybe you'd like to add some color around this question as well.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. I think the other part is, our applications are just -- they're just proven out to be mission-critical. And some of the apps that did well during the last few years when you have a downturn, they're just not -- they're not viewed as mission-critical. But a lot of companies are doubling down on becoming more efficient during a downturn, and I think we're a beneficiary of that, and it supports our business. And it's all based on those very sticky systems of record.
Mark Murphy: Excellent. And just a quick follow-up for Barbara. Is the trend of seeing some of these very sizable planning deals in the pipeline, which I think you might have mentioned a quarter or two ago, seeming to continue here as you look forward into FY 2024.
Barbara Larson: Do you want to take that one? It's about the plans in the pipeline.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes, I'll take it. Yes. Planning was -- we had a really strong planning performance in Q4, and we do see more of it coming. In fact, there's -- two of the areas and changes we're making for this fiscal year is increasing sales capacity in two ways: one, with dedicated sellers to help convert the planning customers or those planning first customers into core financials, Accounting Center, Prism Analytics, some of the other solutions that are a nice follow-on to the office of the CFO. And then the second is dedicated land sellers for the planning business for Adaptive. We're increasing sales capacity there. And that's not just a US phenomenon that we actually see that opportunity internationally as well, as Carl highlighted earlier.
Mark Murphy: Thank you, very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from DJ Hynes with Canaccord. Please proceed with your question.
DJ Hynes: Hey, thanks very much for taking the question. Curious if you're seeing any additional signs of large projects being put on hold. I think last quarter, we talked about some services revenue disruption, understand kind of the ecosystem handoff is influencing the numbers a bit in the guide. But curious if that was kind of a one-off event or something that's starting to show up a little bit more broadly with implementation cycles?
Aneel Bhusri: Doug, why don't you take that one?
Doug Robinson: Yes. They're not seeing -- if I understood your question correctly, wholesale stoppages of projects. It's more about round trips of approvals. And I do think companies are looking for -- CEOs are looking for productivity gains and operating margin leverage. And so, every investment is getting extra scrutiny. And I think one of the things I'm really, frankly, quite proud of in this quarter and in this year is that, I think our sales team did a great job of anticipating that and really building solid business cases in conjunction with our customers to get those projects over the line. But no question, these cycles happen, take a longer bit of time to close on the pure net new large transformational projects.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. The only thing I'd like to add is just, thank Doug and Patrick and our teams around the world, we knew these deals would get extra scrutiny, and we were prepared for it. The level of deal inspection we had throughout Q4 was taken up a couple of notches -- and we saw the outcome of that in, if you will, the close rates in Q4, and we anticipate that going forward.
DJ Hynes: Got it, got it. And then, Doug, maybe a more strategic question for you. Just as you talk with customers about evolving to become kind of a skills-based organization, right, adopting ML and AI strategies, like how much change management has to accompany the technology adoption, right? And I guess I'm curious, like, how deep we bought into this playbook or your partners? Is this something they're leading to or leading with in their go-to-market conversations?
Doug Robinson: I think that's a great question, and the answer is a lot. And there is work to be done, more around strategy upfront, to really take advantage of the skills cloud, in and of itself, as an enabling technology. And so, you've heard us talk about how important partners are to our growth this year and beyond, we are partnering with some of the large global GSIs that you know all too well, who are really bringing that skill set, their IP around that change management and how to look at skills and through the lens of skills and anticipating skills needed five years from now or 10 years from now, as opposed to just job profile-based analysis of where to build out your teams. So yes, it goes hand-in-hand and both are needed to give a complete solution to the customer. Anything you guys want to add, Aneel?
Aneel Bhusri: I'd say it's a one to two-year process. It's not a simple journey. But coming out the other end, it just enables you to do business the way everybody is looking forward to doing business in the skills-based world. And I'd point to one of our biggest HCM customers, it's one of our biggest partners, Accenture, they have done this for their own organization, and so they're going around and using that learning to help our customers do it as well. But it's a big investment and I think the payoff -- but the payoff is huge.
DJ Hynes: Yes, makes sense. Thank you, guys for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Turrin with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Turrin: Hey great. Thanks. Appreciate you taking the question and nice job in closing out the year. Barbara, given the change in accounting, you mentioned the useful life policy brings the operating margin expectation up to 23% for the coming year. Does that impact how you're thinking about the longer term 25% margin target, $10 billion in scale, as we kind of trend line towards those, or anything you can add around just views and opportunities near-term for margin leverage versus longer term is helpful? Thank you.
Barbara Larson: Yes, thanks so much for your question. So, there's no change to that 25% operating margin target at $10 billion. We haven't updated our medium term framework for that at this time. When we provided that outlook, we weren't factoring in this change in useful life assumptions. And while it has a near-term positive impact on our margins, the impact will reduce over time. So, the focus remains on driving profitable long-term growth, and that's exactly what we described at our Analyst Day. And we definitely see opportunity to drive non-GAAP operating margin beyond 25% over the longer term.
Operator: Thats all the questions from Michael. Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you, guys for taking the question. A couple of kind of cleanup questions for Barbara. You mentioned 1 percentage point benefit to the 24-month backlog from early renewals. Can you talk to -- is that unusual? Because one of your peers talked about missing their guidance because they didn't get the early renewal. So, to what extent were those early renewals already kind of in your expectations, or to what extent were they unusual? And then two, on the other side of that, how should we think about sort of the tightening of the range on the guidance from the 2017 to 2019 to the 2017 to 2018 after the outperformance that you saw in Q4? Is it adding more conservatism to the forecast, or was there some push and pulls of like the early renewals that we should be thinking about? Like is it a more conservative guide or are there other factors that we should be considering?
Barbara Larson: So, let me go ahead and take that first question on early renewals. So, we had healthy customer base activity in Q4 as customers added new SKUs to their Workday footprint. And as part of that, many of the customers renewed early. And so we do see renewals move around from time-to-time, but just with the strength of customer base, we saw a larger impact this quarter and wanted to make sure we called that out. On your second question around what's going into our guidance for subscription revenue next year. Really after a solid Q4, we have more visibility into our FY 2024 subscription revenue, allowing us to maintain the midpoint of $6.55 billion and narrow that $100 million range down to $50 million that we shared last quarter. So still very early in the year, and the guidance prudently accounts for the fact that the environment remains uncertain and consistent with what we've described over the last couple of quarters.
Keith Weiss : Got it. That makes a ton of sense. And maybe one big picture question for Carl. A question I've been getting a lot from investors is, what changes should we expect from Carl or what big impacts can Carl have on Workday and the company on a go-forward basis? And I have my answers, obviously. But I'd love to hear from the horse's mouth, but I'd love to hear from you. When you look at this opportunity to take on the Co-CEO role, what are the big changes or sort of big improvements that you think you can make to Workday over the next year or three years or whatnot?
Carl Eschenbach : Yes, sure. So a couple of things. So as you know, I had a front row seat to the last five years as a Board member, and I had a good understanding of Workday, the business model and the opportunity. And what I would say is now being on Board almost a full quarter, right, the opportunity is probably even bigger than I anticipated. That being said, the company is doing a lot of things right. Just look at our results for the full year last year, our results for Q4. So with the executive team and our Workmates have done is pretty special. That being said, there are opportunities for us to get back to that 20% growth going forward. I've mentioned a couple of them earlier. So first and foremost, I think one of the things we're doing around consolidating all go-to-market under Doug Robinson, who's been here for 11-plus years, was a good move. He now is responsible for everything from a go-to-market perspective, including sales, presales, partners, our industries and revenue operations were before that was broken up. So I am focused on driving operational efficiency across the company and across organizations. And we're starting to see that play out already. The second thing I mentioned earlier is I just think we have a tremendous opportunity to grow the business internationally. Our performance internationally is I don't think where it should be, but we're going to really focus on it. We have new leadership in place, and we're going to drive a different level of execution both in EMEA and across APJ. And I think that's also important. The last thing, as both Aneel highlighted and Barbara and myself, we are looking for ways to optimize our workforce. And one of the things we're doing here in Q1 is we're doubling down our efforts on product and technology. So we continue to focus on innovation. And we're also investing heavily in go-to-market, specifically around quota-carrying capacity. And it is our belief and my personal belief that those who can invest in innovation and technology and go-to-market when markets are potentially challenging like we're faced today will be the fastest to emerge on the other side and reaccelerate growth. So I think there are just a couple of areas of focus for us, along with a number of other things, including the ecosystem what we spoke about and Doug mentioned earlier. So there are some of the things in the near term you can expect from us and I think they'll drive long-term durable growth that gets us back to that 20%.
Keith Weiss : Outstanding. Thank you for the concept.
Aneel Bhusri: If I can just add a couple of other things. Carl is definitely an innovator on the go-to-market side. And so we're all learning some new approaches on what we can do differently. And I'd frankly say, including myself, just raise the sense of urgency and energy level of the entire management team. And I think it's great, and I couldn't be happier that he's here. He's telling us all to have more giddyup.
Keith Weiss: Outstanding.
Operator: And we will now take two more questions. Our next question comes from Karl Keirstead with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Karl Keirstead: Okay. Great. I've got two for Barbara. Barbara, the relationship between CRPO today and subscription revenue growth tomorrow is not perfect, but it's actually pretty good. Despite all the macro, your CRPO is hanging in there like a champ at like 20s or low 20s. But your guidance on the sub-rev growth implies a decel from 22% this most recent quarter, down to like 16%, 17% in the second half. And I'm just curious, why would that be? At first blush, it makes your guidance for sub-revs growth looks somewhat conservative, but maybe I'm missing something in the relationship that might explain that maybe go-lives are getting extended but are still within the 24 months. Is there anything that you would flag?
Barbara Larson: No, I mean I would just reiterate what you said at the beginning, which keep in mind that backlog isn't a perfect proxy for future subscription revenue growth due to many factors, including the timing of renewals. As we called out, early renewals had roughly 1 percentage point of upside to our 24-month Q4 backlog, though it does not impact the underlying subscription revenue growth. And the FY 2024 subscription revenue guidance is our best view at the time, and we think it prudently factors in a macro environment, which remains uncertain.
Karl Keirstead: Okay. That's helpful, Barbara. And then if -- I don't think anyone's asked on your cash flow guide, if I could, I think a quick calculation suggests that you're guiding to operating margin improvement or percentage increase year-over-year of about 30% but your operating cash flow guidance implies more like a modest -- more modest 25% growth. Is there anything going on in your operating cash flow guide? Any sort of one-time factors to highlight that might create a somewhat bigger spread between it and the operating margin expansion? Thanks a lot.
Barbara Larson: Yes, youre welcome. So the cash flow guidance does reflect the strong margin expansion that we are expecting in FY 2024. But when you're looking at it from a year-over-year standpoint, both Q1 and FY 2024 cash flows impacted by the first full year payout of our company-wide performance-based cash bonus, the severance costs associated with the recent realignment and then an interest payment that didn't occur last Q1 due to the timing of our debt offering. And then also keep in mind that the change in server and network equipment useful life has an impact on margin, but it does not impact cash flow.
Karl Keirstead: Yes. All that makes sense. Thanks a lot, Barbara.
Barbara Larson: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Zukin: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in. I guess maybe one for Carl and Aneel, and then just a follow-up on the cash flow question. If you kind of stand back and you think about where we are right now from the macro environment, the demand environment, it does seem like things aren't getting progressively worse. They seem to have stabilized, at least based on commentary from some other companies. As you look at the current configuration, do you feel like we've rebased in terms of a net new sales cycle, a net new digestion phase or period? And what -- is this the trough basically is a question we get a lot. Do you have any signals or data points that give you a view one way or the other on that?
Doug Robinson: I personally still think it's a very uncertain environment. It doesn't feel like the economy is falling off a cliff anymore. I don't think it ever really did feel like it was falling off a cliff. But there's conflicting signs as to whether the Fed is going to continue to slow down the economy and get inflation under control, and that continues to be a challenge. So I think it's still pretty much the same it's been for the last couple of quarters. I don't see it -- I definitely don't see it getting better anytime soon, but maybe not getting worse. So yeah, maybe we're in a stable. I don't know, what you think, Carl?
Carl Eschenbach: Yeah, I agree with you. Actually, the commentary I always respond with people ask this question, I say there's -- it's consistently inconsistent depending on who you talk to out there. But what we do know is companies are continuing to invest in technology. And if you have a strong value proposition like we have around HCM and FINS, we should be able to navigate the choppy waters that we're faced with going forward. And I think that was reflected in both Q4 and our FY 2024 guide. So we're staying the course. We're prudent in our guidance. And we have a lot of confidence that our team will execute regardless of what we face in the future. So it's uncertain, but we're prepared for it as well.
Alex Zukin: And then maybe just one on the ecosystem, specifically the GSI community. It does feel like they're getting a little bit even reinvigorated to some extent from some of the moves and changes that you're making around driving -- helping them continue to be also a driver of growth or enabling them to be a driver of growth for your business. What are the key dynamics we should be tuning to that could make that really a bit of a different growth driver this year or in the coming years than it's been in the past?
Carl Eschenbach: Yeah, Doug, why don't you take that, and then I'll add any color.
Doug Robinson: Yeah, it's a great question. A couple of things to think about or that you should be looking for. Where it really comes to life is when we can take -- I mentioned this before in another question, the IP from our partners and couple it with what we deliver and then give something more profound to our mutual customer, and so we loosely put that under umbrella called Industry Accelerators. And I think that's where you're going to see it show up with our partners, much more openness to drive industry specific solutions with their expertise partnered with our technology. And so that drives things like Prism and Extend, which we haven't talked about much on this earnings call, but really taking Workday and extending it beyond core capabilities.
Carl Eschenbach: I think it's really well said, Doug, and that's specific to the GSIs, but we're also looking for alternate routes to market like the announcement we just made with AWS to be on our marketplace, which is a new distribution channel for us here at Workday. So we're looking at driving operating leverage on the go-to-market, both through GSIs and additional ecosystem partners going forward, which is really important, we haven't done that in the past.
Alex Zukin: Perfect. Congrats guys. Thanks again.
Carl Eschenbach: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This will conclude Workday's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023 earnings call. Thank you again for joining us.

===== 2023 Q3  (2022-11-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will now hand it over to Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Justin, you may begin. 
Justin Furby: [Audio Gap] 
 and Chano Fernandez, our co-CEOs; Barbara Larson, our CFO; Pete Schlampp, our Chief Strategy Officer; and Doug Robinson, our co-President. 
 Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. 
 Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those related to the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and recent macroeconomic events on our business and global economic conditions. 
 Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 2022 annual report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for additional information on risks, uncertainties and  assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. 
 In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release, in our investor presentation and on the Investor Relations page of our website. 
 The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Additionally, our quarterly investor presentation will be posted on our Investor Relations website following this call. Also, the customers' page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. 
 Our fourth quarter fiscal 2023 quiet period begins on January 15, 2023. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2022. 
 With that, I'll hand the call over to Aneel. 
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Justin, and welcome to Workday's Third Quarter Fiscal '23 Earnings Conference Call. I'm happy to report that we had a solid Q3 as we once again outperformed across our key operating metrics. There is no question that the macro environment presents increased uncertainty, but as we've said before, we are well positioned in this type of environment because our cloud finance and HR solutions are truly mission-critical. As our Q3 results showed, more and more organizations are selecting Workday as their trusted partner to help them successfully navigate today's changing world. 
 We remain confident in our ability to capitalize on the opportunity ahead and are pleased to announce our first-ever share repurchase program of up to $500 million under authorization. This program will help reduce the rate of our share dilution going forward and is driven by our belief that our share price is undervalued given the long-term growth opportunity ahead. Barbara will share details shortly, but know that we feel confident that we'll reach a scale where we can roll out this repurchase program while continuing to prioritize investing for long-term profitable growth. 
 With that, I'd like to share some highlights from the quarter. In Q3, we further solidified our position as a leader in cloud HR with notable new HCM customers, including Intermountain Health, SGS and Texas Roadhouse. In addition, we had several key HCM go-lives, including Best Buy, Canadian Tire Corporation and the state of Oklahoma. For Workday Financial Management, we continue to see strong demand and momentum in Q3. Key new wins included a Fortune 200 provider of information technology solutions, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center, EZCORP and Thomas Jefferson University. It's important to note that each of these customers have also selected us for HCM, reinforcing the power of the full Workday platform and providing further evidence that companies are going all in with us. Key financial management go-lives during the quarter included City of Baltimore and Medical University of South Carolina. 
 Q3 also saw us get back in person for Workday Rising, our annual customer conference for the first time since 2019. We had nearly 16,000 in-person and virtual attendees, and it was great to experience the energy and see firsthand how our community is growing and evolving. This was highlighted by the fact that this year's event has a large percentage of senior leaders, finance and IT attendees ever. 
 One big takeaway from Rising is that our innovation story is resonating with customers as we evolve to be more open and connected. While we've traditionally targeted the offices of CHRO and CFO, we have placed increased focus recently on the office of the CIO, which presents another growth opportunity for us. 
 One solution in particular that was a popular topic among IT attendees was Workday Extend. Workday Extend lets customers and partners build their own unique solutions on top of Workday, which is a huge point of emphasis for CIOs and, in their eyes, positions us even more as a true platform player. While we announced several availability at Workday Extend in 2020, we've continued to see accelerated demand for it over the last year as the need for organizations to quickly innovate and adapt in today's business environment increases. 
 We also announced new more personalized UX enhancements that meet every type of Workday user in the natural flow of their work such as mobile devices, Microsoft Teams and Slack, which helps us to address another CIO priority as they are more focused than ever on driving increased employee engagement. 
 And finally, we further reinforced our leadership in artificial intelligence and machine learning with the announcement of next-generation skills technology that allows customers to more easily and securely bring skills data in and out of Workday. This helps customers leverage the full power of machine learning to gain deeper insights into their workforce skills and deliver more personalized employee experiences. 
 In closing, we once again delivered a solid quarter with strength across a number of key growth initiatives, showcasing why Workday is the backbone of digital business. And while we expect that the macro uncertainty will cause our growth to moderate in the near term, we continue to believe we are well positioned to navigate this environment and emerge even stronger. Driving constant innovation to address our customers' evolving needs has always been key to our success and will continue to be our focus in this environment. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to our co-CEO, Chano Fernandez. Chano, over to you. 
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Aneel, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I want to start off by offering my sincere thanks to the more than 17,500 Workmates that help us deliver another solid quarter. Your relentless focus on the customer continues to push us and the broader Workday community forward. Great job, team. 
 I've been on the road a lot the last few months, including Workday Rising in Europe which has wrapped up in Stockholm and Workday Rising in U.S. back in September. I've had the opportunity to spend time with hundreds of customers and prospects, and there are a couple of key themes emerging. 
 First, despite all the challenges that companies are facing today, they increasingly realize the present need to modernize their HR and financial systems. The executives that I speak with have different viewpoints on what the macroeconomic climate will look like in the year ahead. But one thing they agree on is that the change is constant and it's nearly impossible to navigate with legacy systems. 
 Second, there is a clear desire to consolidate and prioritize spend across a new organization's more strategic technology vendors. Given our positioning as the backbone of digital business across HR and finance, this trend has led to more and more companies going all in with Workday as they look to harness the power of their data across the enterprise. And when I look at our solid Q3 results across both the large and medium enterprise, it's a direct validation of these themes being seen across organizations of all sizes. 
 From a geographic standpoint, we saw solid results across North America with a number of CoreHR and FINS wins that Aneel mentioned, in addition to several strategic expansions across the Fortune 500. APA also outperformed with wins at Bank of Queensland, Fletcher Building, [ Ono ] Pharmaceutical and Trip.com, to name a few. And in EMEA, we had a number of important wins and expansions, including SGS, [ Allianz ] Medical Group and Equiniti. 
 Our customer base sales team once again saw outstanding growth, a direct reflection of the trust that customers are placing in us and a validation of our strategy. We drove very strong renewal rates in Q3, and we closed a number of strategic expansions at companies such as Accenture, University of Maryland, the state of Nebraska, Pick n Pay, Puma and VF Corporation. 
 As we shared at our recent Analyst Day, our customer base momentum is being driven by our broad portfolio. Solutions such as Journeys, Help and Talent Optimization, for example, are seeing strong adoption as customers look to support employee experience, while our scheduling, time tracking and payroll solutions are all resonating as customers increasingly focused on labor optimization. And other products such as Planning, Extend, Accounting Center, VNDLY and our Spend Management solutions are all contributing to this quarter's strength across the customer base. 
 Our industry focus continues to pay off. In Q3, nowhere was this more evident than the health care vertical where we had a strong growth in new ACV and where we surpassed $0.5 billion in annual recurring revenue. By far, the 2 largest costs for health care organizations are labor and materials. And by leveraging our full suite of HCM, FINS and supply chain solutions, they are able to help optimize spend across these critical areas. In fact, all of our larger Q3 health care wins were full suite and including Workday's supply chain management. 
 We also saw healthy momentum within the professional services industry highlighted by the aforementioned expansion at Accenture as we continue to co-innovate across the Workday platform, including significant new developments in the skills cloud, public cloud and accessibility. 
 Other strategic wins in the professional services industry included Novozymes and Reed Global, which was a full suite win. Our expanding partner ecosystem is also becoming an increasingly important driver of our growth. Key to our strategy is driving core innovation across the platform, which increases the differentiation of our solutions, enables even faster innovation to address real-time customer challenges and allows our partners to leverage their deep industry and solution insights to differentiate in the market. 
 Examples of recent partner-driven innovation built on the Workday platform include Accenture's digital revenue operations solution, which integrates CPQ capabilities with Workday's billing and revenue automation to enable seamless quote-to-cash functionality for software and technology companies. 
 Another great example is employee document management, built by partner Kainos on Workday Extend, which provides our customers with advanced document generation, access control storage and finely tuned document retention rules. These are just a few several solutions that were recently released by our partner ecosystem, and we have dozens more on the road map. 
 As we move into our fourth quarter, the environment remains uncertain, which has led to increased scrutiny and the lengthening of certain sales cycles, particularly with the net new opportunities. While we aren't immune to this and see signs that it will persist into next year, we are confident in our diverse pipeline and are focused on executing in Q4 and laying a strong foundation for FY '24 and beyond. 
 With that, I will turn it over to our CFO, Barbara Larson. Over to you, Barbara. 
Barbara Larson: Thanks, Chano, and good afternoon, everyone. As Aneel and Chano mentioned, we delivered solid Q3 results in the face of continued economic uncertainty, a testament to strong execution across the company as well as the strategic and mission-critical nature of our solutions. 
 Subscription revenue in Q3 was $1.43 billion, up 22% year-over-year, and professional services revenue was $167 million, up 7%. Total revenue outside of the U.S. was $394 million, representing 25% of total revenue. 24-month backlog at the end of the third quarter was $8.62 billion, growth of 21%. The result was driven by solid new business sales and strong renewals, with gross and net revenue retention rates over 95% and over 100%, respectively. Total subscription revenue backlog at the end of Q3 was $14.10 billion, up 28%. 
 Our non-GAAP operating income for the third quarter was $314 million, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 19.7%. Margin overachievement was driven by revenue outperformance, favorable cost variances across the business and the timing of certain expenses shifting into Q4. 
 Q3 operating cash flow was $409 million, growth of 6%. Our cash flow this quarter was impacted by a $55 million semiannual interest payment associated with our Q1 debt offering. We also paid off the principal balance on our $1.15 billion convertible debt with cash in October, resulting in a reduction to our non-GAAP diluted share count of roughly 8 million shares. Given the late Q3 timing, this share count reduction will be fully reflected in our non-GAAP weighted average share count in Q4. 
 During the quarter, we successfully added approximately 600 net new employees, ending Q3 with a global workforce of more than 17,500. We expect a strong moderation of hiring as we move into Q4, but we'll continue to add key talent across strategic growth areas of the business, notably go-to-market and product and technology. Overall, we're extremely proud of the strong company-wide performance in Q3, and we're focused on executing in Q4, our seasonally strongest quarter of the year. 
 Now turning to guidance, which reflects both the continued momentum in our business while also balancing an uncertain macro environment. With that context, our guidance for FY '23 subscription revenue is now $5.555 billion to $5.557 billion, representing 22% year-over-year growth. We expect Q4 subscription revenue to be $1.483 billion to $1.485 billion, 21% year-over-year growth. We now expect professional services revenue to be $645 million in FY '23 with the slight reduction driven by the delay of a large project. For Q4, we expect professional services revenue of $147 million. 
 We expect 24-month backlog to grow approximately 19% year-over-year in Q4. We expect Q4 non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 17.5%, which includes some expenses that shifted out of Q3. Our FY '23 non-GAAP operating margin guidance is now 19.2%. 
 GAAP operating margins for both the fourth quarter and the full year are expected to be approximately 23 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margins. This includes a change to our employee stock plan that will take effect in Q4 to provide more flexibility to our employees during the open trading window each quarter. Our vesting date will move from the 15th to the 5th of each month for all outstanding grants, resulting in an acceleration of stock-based compensation expense of approximately $30 million in Q4. This change will result in reduced stock-based compensation expense by the same amount over the next few years and has no impact on our dilution. 
 The FY '23 non-GAAP tax rate remains at 19%. We are maintaining our FY '23 guidance for operating cash flow of $1.64 billion, but are reducing our capital expenditures outlook to approximately $375 million, reflecting the timing of certain data center and real estate investments being pushed out to future periods. And as Aneel mentioned, we are pleased to announce a share repurchase program with authority to repurchase up to $500 million in shares over an 18-month period. 
 We will continue to prioritize allocating capital towards organic innovation, followed by targeted M&A, but given our strong balance sheet and free cash flow, we intend to use a portion of our capital towards the repurchase of shares, enabling us to partially offset future dilution from employee stock programs. This repurchase program is a direct reflection of our confidence in the business and our view that our shares are currently undervalued. 
 While we are early in our planning cycle for next year and have an important Q4 ahead, we'd like to provide a preliminary view of FY '24. As discussed at our Financial Analyst Day, we have a significant long-term opportunity and multiple growth levers that drive our goal of sustaining 20% plus subscription revenue growth on our path to $10 billion in revenue. While this remains our multiyear goal, given the continued macro uncertainty, we believe it's prudent to provide a preliminary FY '24 subscription revenue range of approximately $6.5 billion to $6.6 billion or 17% to 19% year-over-year growth. This outlook takes into account the lengthening of sales cycles that we're currently seeing impact our net new business. 
 From a margin standpoint, we currently expect FY '24 non-GAAP operating margin expansion of 150 to 200 basis points from FY '23 levels, placing us firmly on track to our target of 25% non-GAAP operating margin and 35% operating cash flow margin at $10 billion in revenue. The expected margin expansion is driven by the scalability of our model, a strong moderation of hiring and ongoing expense discipline. We plan to operate the business with agility, and we'll continue to appropriately balance growth investments based on what we see in the underlying market environment. And finally, I'll close by thanking our amazing employees, customers and partners for their continued support and hard work. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs. 
Kasthuri Rangan: Fabulous, fabulous quarter given the macroeconomic conditions. I was wondering if you could give us some perspective. In some sense, this is a recession that everybody has been expecting, nobody's going to be surprised. I was wondering if you could offer some insights into how Workday has been able to execute so well during a tough time and other software companies are facing headwinds. 
 And to the extent we get some relief next year, if the economy does improve, could you do even better considering that your results are actually quite impressive? 
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I don't think we'll comment next year just quite yet, Kash, but thank you for the kind comments. I think the value proposition of our products works in a downturn just as it does in a good market, just like we did in 2008, 2009 and every other downturn. Chano, do you want to add anything? 
Chano Fernandez: No, I think I agree with what you said, Aneel. I believe the mission-critical applications of our solutions really resonates with our customers as they are modernized in their HR and finance solution. And as I said in my comments as well, Kash, there is a consolidation of spend across strategic [indiscernible] vendors, and we clearly are being one of those these days. 
Operator: Our next question is from Kirk Materne with Evercore. 
S. Kirk Materne: I'll echo the congrats on a really nice quarter in a tough environment. I guess, Chano, you talked about some deal cycles extending. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing at the top of the funnel. Obviously, you guys sort of came out perhaps of the COVID recession a little bit later than some others. I think there's a fear out there that once we get through this current wave of deals in your pipeline, that there might be some sort of cliff in terms of net new billings. But it sounds like you guys feel pretty good about your pipeline. So I was wondering if you could just sort of expand on that. 
Chano Fernandez: Thank you for your question, Kirk. Overall, companies continue to prioritize HCM and financials transformations, and we see ongoing momentum in important growth areas like our customer base team, what is a clear market trend, as I said, towards consolidation of vendors and as well the medium enterprise. There's good pipeline momentum, but maybe, Doug, you can add some color in terms of pipeline and deal dynamics overall. 
Doug Robinson: Yes. I think -- well, you captured 2 of it, which is I describe, Kirk, as -- we've got diversity of revenue streams. So as Chano mentioned, medium enterprise performed well. We've got the customer base motion. And that was a theme that I certainly heard at our customer conferences is our large customers wanting to consolidate, rationalize number of suppliers and expand their footprint with us. So I think that certainly helps. 
 In terms of like top of the funnel sort of the core of your question, it's really interesting in that our Q3 pipeline build, so the pipe we're building now, which is largely about next year, met our internal targets. So we're seeing project formation. At the same time, we're seeing some projects elongate. I think Chano mentioned this, but they tend to be large enterprise net new. Those projects have extra steps to complete. At the same time, at the top end, the starting of projects is meeting the goals that we've established internally. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. 
Mark Murphy: Yes. And I'll add my congrats. I'm interested in whether it's possible that the volatility of this type of environment where you have so many vectors moving around inflation, interest rates, FX, supply chain issues. Is it possible that it's coming together in a way that really elevates the Workday value prop with integrated planning, cloud-based, maybe more so than in the smooth sailing environment that we had in the last decade? Because as Kash mentioned, you're navigating your way through this very well. 
 I'm just wondering if you see any effect of that. Maybe it's increasing some of your win rates and maybe it builds up a little pent-up demand for some time in the future when the environment starts to improve. 
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I guess I'd start with I wish that was the case across the board. We definitely see some -- you see -- in a downturn, you see some movement to -- well, I got to get on the right stuff to help me manage through these volatile environments. At the same time, there are other customers that are just cautious in making new decisions. And so I think they tend to balance each other out. I'm not sure there's a -- I'm not sure it's a big boost for us or a big negative for us. We're all seeing the same environment. 
 But there are definitely customers who are behind on making the transition. I feel like this is a catalyst to make that transition. And then there are others who already made the transition that maybe think, "Hey, let's be cautious on follow-on purchases." Chano, anything to add? 
Chano Fernandez: Nothing to add. 
Operator: Our next question is from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. 
Josh Baer: This is Josh Baer on for Keith. I was hoping you could expand a bit on the macro assumptions that are embedded in that FY '24 subscription revenue guidance range. Just wondering what areas get worse, what stays the same when thinking about different geographies as well as new business from new logos or expansion and renewals from existing customers. 
Barbara Larson: Josh, thanks for your question. So the guidance range that we provided is our best view at this time. It takes into account the continued momentum across important growth areas such as customer base, medium enterprise, but also balancing that with lengthening sales cycles that we're seeing impact our business, particularly our net new opportunities. So given the uncertain environment, we provided an estimated subscription revenue range with that low end of the range, assuming a larger impact to sales cycles than we're currently seeing today. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank. 
 Our next question is from Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. 
Aleksandr Zukin: I'll extend my congratulations not only on the quarter, but on the prescriptiveness of the guide, both on top and bottom line, in what is clearly a very uncertain and tenuous environment. So I guess maybe just the first one, if we look at the patterns emerging in the sales cycles in the business, I guess, Aneel or Chano, can you guys compare and contrast this with -- from a pipeline perspective going into 4Q, what are you expecting the impact to be in your biggest quarter on bookings, on new ACV growth, on -- and maybe FINS versus HCM specifically where you feel a little bit better or compare and contrast that I think would be super helpful? 
Aneel Bhusri: Well, let me just offer a high-level commentary. I spent a lot of time with other CEOs, and this is not 2008, 2009. No one sees the world coming to an end like they did at that time. I think right now, we're in a world of caution, where no one's quite sure what's going to happen, but things don't feel really bad. And so -- but caution and stopping can sometimes look the same. And so it's kind of hard to predict right now. 
 Every CEO I talked to is still relatively feeling positive about their business, but worried about the economic underpinnings of what the fed is doing and the potential recession. And so I think the word that I keep coming back to is everybody is cautious. And I don't know how that -- Chano, how do you think that reflects in the pipeline in Q4 and other quarters? But it's -- this is not an end-of-the-world scenario, not at least yet, like '08, '09. 
Chano Fernandez: Yes. Thank you, Alex, for your question. I would say, first, when it comes to HCM or FINS, we don't see any significant difference between one or the other. So they're proportionally impacted given the macro environment. When it comes to Q4, I would say we had the pipeline to execute on the quarter. Of course, that usually will not manifest as a prioritization because those projects have been already prioritized, but it may happen some lengthening of sales cycles as we said before, particularly on net new deals and opportunities that they're more scrutinized on those, right? And Doug already commented on the growth pipeline for next year. 
Aleksandr Zukin: Perfect. And then, I guess, if I think about what you're saying around net new and how well I think you're doing on renewals and selling into the base specifically, is it fair to assume that in the near term, there could be a bit more bookings concentration coming from existing customers? And kind of how well -- how important is that dynamic that informs some of your margin commentary for next year, given it should be a little bit easier, it should be a little bit more predictable to sell into the base? 
Chano Fernandez: Yes, Alex, it is fair to assume that there will be more concentration on the customer base and areas like medium enterprise, as we said before. And then hence, we'll put more focus on both marketing environments and sales go-to-market environment into those areas. Of course, that will potentially provide higher yield on these times. 
Operator: Our next question is from DJ Hynes with Canaccord. 
David Hynes: Maybe building off Alex's last question there. I mean there's lots of interesting partner commentary in the script. I'm curious about the level of collaboration you have with partners on what they're working on with Extend or an industry accelerators. And assuming you have visibility there, maybe you could talk a bit about like where you draw the line on what Workday might own or build directly versus what you let go to partners. 
Aneel Bhusri: Pete, do you want to talk about the product side first? And then Chano can talk about the partner side. 
Peter Schlampp: Sure. Thanks again for that question. As you heard us talk about the momentum with Extend that we've seen recently has been great, we talked about that a lot, both in Stockholm and in Orlando at our user conferences this year, now over 750 applications in production. When it comes to where that momentum is coming from, it is customers and it is partners as well. Partners are beginning to build on the Extend platform and Extend Workday applications as well as build net new applications that connect with HCM and financials. So far, the -- our customers have been getting value through both of those. The question of where do we draw the line between what is ours and what is our partners, I'll hand over to Chano. 
Chano Fernandez: Yes, I think as I commented on some of my prepared remarks, I mean clearly driving co-innovation with our partners across the platform is very critically important. You would say, where you draw the line when something is kind of you would define or I would define the last mile in a particular industry or we need some more content-driven specific understanding of that value add in that industry with a partner, there's where we see an opportunity to collaborate with our partners. 
 I mentioned some of these solutions that we're building with [indiscernible] for different industries, like the revenue operation solution, again, that is very critical to the software and technology companies. There are others that would be a bit more, let's say, across industries like the document management, employee document management that I provided on. But honestly, we don't see that as a core, let's say, value add from us in terms of building that solution. 
 But, of course, it's adding value to our customers there and partners take just advantage of the maturity of Extend to bring that value add that is resonating with our customers. So we're really pleased, as you can imagine, that customer partners can differentiate and bring additional offering to our customers. 
David Hynes: Yes, makes sense. And then, Barbara, maybe I could sneak in a follow-up for you. The buyback is great to see as analysts always ask for more. Why not be more aggressive given where the stock is, the strength of the balance sheet, expected cash generation next year? Like what were the considerations there? 
Aneel Bhusri: I'll answer that one because I think Barbara probably wanted to do more. You just don't know what you're going into a tough economic environment and cash is king. And so we wanted to be conservative. And if we come out in a good market environment in the next 6 to 9 months, you definitely could see more, but there's just a balance of risk. 
Operator: Our next question is from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. 
Raimo Lenschow: Chano, the one thing that we're seeing in the industry at the moment is that there seems to be more money in HR post pandemic with a great reshuffle, et cetera. Could that -- are you seeing that in terms of like interest of pockets over customers are? And do you think that's kind of more a short-term thing and we're at the back part of that trend? Or do you think HR, HCM strategically is having a new position in the enterprise? 
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Raimo, for your question. I think both of them, to be honest, has some good tailwind out of the pandemic, but clearly, of course, that nets out or balance out with the macro environment we are living into. But I would say that some of the financial transformations, we see those in the market, and they are taking place as we speak. As a dynamic of companies having a tough time to just navigate through their finance modernization or honestly doing simple things like closing their books online in terms of many legacy platforms and in terms of a lot of manual processes that could just not happen once you were not in the office. 
 Clearly, employee engagement as a whole in HCM, the skills area, all the machine learning and AI that we're bringing to those processes are obviously value add the companies do see and want to take advantage of and continue to be a great tailwind for the HCM value proposition as a whole. 
Raimo Lenschow: Yes. And then 1 follow-up is if you think about selling in this kind of slightly more tougher environment, can you talk a little bit maybe about the steps you're taking in terms of sales execution to kind of make sure you continue to deliver in this market? I'm thinking about higher pipeline coverage, kind of making sure you kind of -- you time the deals better, et cetera. Like where are we on that journey of implementing these kind of recession handbook kind of selling kind of policies that we used to take out in the older days? 
Chano Fernandez: Doug, do you want to add some color there on the sales strategy in the market? 
Doug Robinson: Yes, sure. I think Aneel or you, Chano, might have mentioned it after Q1, but we pivoted to our ROI-based and TCO-based way to engage with customers right at Q1. Of course, we've always done business cases with our customers. But entering tougher environments, it comes down to TCO, hard dollars that you can take out, system rationalization productivity. So I think it's showing up really focusing with our customers on the HR side. So there's no doubt, tight labor markets. 
 And so that's driving, I think, the TCO on that side of it. And it was touched on earlier by Aneel. We had a really good Q3 as it relates to financials. So FINS+ performed well. And those are ROI-driven as well. And those are companies looking for -- sure, it might start with an aging -- retiring older systems, but it pivots pretty quickly when they engage with us through that plan, execute, analyze and offering up more business agility in an uncertain environment. So those are the things from a go-to-market, from a field deployed resources standpoint that we're spending a lot of time with customers on, on the business case. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brad Sills with Bank of America Securities. 
Bradley Sills: I wanted to ask a question around backlog for next year. I think, Chano, you made some comments that you feel good about Q4 pipelines heading into Q4. And the question on everyone's mind is really what about next year. There's a lot of moving parts. In your conversations with office of CFO, office of HR, what are they saying with regard to budgets for next year? Do you feel pretty confident that you can sustain this kind of growth into next year as well? 
Chano Fernandez: Well, Brad, thank you for your question. Right now, we're exactly on those discussions, right, where companies are going through their planning and budgeting cycles, and it is a question of prioritization of projects. And we're having those discussions that, that was commenting on that are really TCO- and ROI-based, right? So clearly, here where you see some different scenarios on our guidance, particularly depending on what happens on some of the new local sales cycles that might put some lengthening. 
 And clearly, even though they might be building right now, maybe fall outside of next year or some of them that just may be pushing forward. But right now, we're having most of those discussions. Overall, we feel good given the momentum we have and given the momentum on the new pipeline build and the conversations we're engaging with and the strength of our customer base, our medium enterprise and the diversity of our business, as Doug has commented. But clearly, we are cautiously monitoring what's going on in the environment. 
Bradley Sills: And then one more, if I may, please, just on the verticals. You called out some strength in financials, health care. Is there a case to be made that perhaps you guys have more exposure to more resilient verticals with those, in particular, public sector education kind of less affected by perhaps the macro? 
Aneel Bhusri: We're pretty diversified across all the industries and some have held up better than others. When I look at what's happening in Silicon Valley, we definitely have a bunch of tech companies, but we're not exposed to tech the way maybe a newer company might be where they got a huge amount of exposure to just tech companies. So -- and our tech companies tend to be the mature large companies. So I don't think there's any particular sector that's held us up. I would say financial services is strong, though. The one beneficiary of rising interest rates is the financial services sector and they continue to grow, and we have a very strong presence there. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brent Thill with Jefferies. 
Brent Thill: Aneel, just to follow up on the verticals. A number of the partners have been talking about strength in state and local government and higher ed. I'm curious if you could drill in on those 2 to give us a sense of what you're seeing right now in both those sectors. 
Aneel Bhusri: I may turn that one over to Doug to talk about. Doug, are you there? 
Doug Robinson: Yes, sorry about that. I was on mute. The question was around education, government. Is that correct? 
Brent Thill: State and local and higher ed. 
Doug Robinson: Yes. So both performed well in the quarter. We had a number of student -- Workday student deals, which for a while there, we were doing a number of financials, HCM on the higher ed side, but we took down some student deals in the quarter and showed really nice growth in Q3. And so we feel good about both of those verticals right now. 
Brent Thill: Barbara, can I just follow up real quick on international? It was the lowest growth in 5 quarters. Is there anything to point out in Europe versus the U.S. kind of just the classic still over what we've been hearing? Or is there anything specific on an execution? Can you just compare and contrast what you're seeing? 
Chano Fernandez: I would say, clearly, the environment is more uncertain in Europe. Obviously, on top of everything else going on in the world, we have energy as a big challenge. And where we see, let's say, an increase signs of deals and sell cycles lengthening that tends to happen in Europe. And I would say, in general, we are more cautious overall what's going there in the near relative terms than in other markets and other segments. 
Operator: We have time for 1 final question from Scott Berg with Needham. 
Scott Berg: I guess this one will be relatively straightforward as you all called out slowness in the enterprise segment a couple of different times. We talked about the mid-market being, I guess, relatively untouched. Can you help us kind of understand maybe what's going on in the mid-market to not really see any weakness today? I think that's an interesting kind of a change at least relative to what we're seeing out there. 
 And then as we think about the guidance within the mid-market, is the slowness or maybe additional macro uncertainty that's impacting the low end of the guidance, do you have some sort of conservatism baked into any potential slowdown in the mid-market also impacting that guidance? 
Chano Fernandez: Yes. I guess we've not said that the mid-market is not impacted. What we said is that, of course, we had overall more strength in the medium enterprise and in the customer base. If you look at what it tends to happen more scrutiny around either the business case or additional approvals, clearly, those are on the larger deals and larger companies that we usually -- we tend to see it more. 
 Our value proposition is strong and resonates and quicker time to value fixed cost of implementations, very predictive ones across HCM and finance in the mid-market, brings good ROI, brings good total cost of ownership in terms of the financials and main transformation as a whole, and that is a value proposition that mid-market is taking the same on a faster clip as they are modernizing and they're assisting on their platforms. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This will conclude Workday's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. Thank you again for joining us.

===== 2023 Q2  (2022-08-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. During the Q&A please limit your questions to one. And with that, I will now hand it over to Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Justin Furby: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Workday's Second Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri and Chano Fernandez, our co-CEOs; Barbara Larson, our CFO; and Pete Schlampp, our Chief Strategy Officer. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those related to the impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and recent macroeconomic events on our business and global economic conditions. Please refer to the press release and the Risk Factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for additional information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release, in our investor presentation and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Additionally, our quarterly investor presentation will be posted on our Investor Relations website following this call. Also, the customers' page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our third quarter fiscal 2023 quiet period begins on October 15, 2022. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2022. With that, I'll hand the call over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Justin, and welcome to Workday's second quarter fiscal 2023 earnings conference call. I'm pleased to report that Workday delivered a strong second quarter, thanks to healthy demand across all product areas and geographies. Additionally, we closed on two of the larger deals that had pushed from Q1, which we referenced on last quarter's call. Our results, which outperformed across our key operating metrics underscore the continued importance of digital transformation for finance and HR. And even with the uncertainty in this environment, we remain confident in our long-term growth prospects because Workday continues to serve as a mission-critical partner to our customers with a proven track record of success. Before I turn it over to Chano, who will share more on our go-to-market success, and Barbara who will provide specifics on our Q2 financial results and outlook, I'd like to share some second quarter highlights. We had another strong quarter for Workday HCM, where the migration to the cloud continues with notable customer additions, including Electrolux, First Student, Groupe Adeo, Korean Air and Raymond James, and as always, customer success remains a key differentiator for Workday. In Q2, we had several HCM go-lives, including Cox Enterprises, Southwest Airlines and United Overseas Bank. Turning to Workday Financial Management. We saw very strong growth in the second quarter as we added two Fortune 500 core financial management customers, and I'm very excited to share that one of those was Salesforce, the global leader in CRM. Already a longtime Workday HCM customer and partner, Salesforce's expanded use of Workday now includes Workday Financial Management along with accounting center, Workday Adaptive Planning, Prism Analytics and more. Our growing partnership reinforces the opportunity we have to help support customers in the cloud. With this broad relationship, Salesforce becomes more of an increasing number of high-profile customers to expand from Workday HCM to both HCM and financial management. Other new financial management customers in Q2 included American Electric Power, which was the second of our Q2 Fortune 500 wins; Apex Fund Company; Dave & Busters, Express LLC; and the state of Vermont, while key go-lives in Q2 included Comerica Bank, RSM and the University of Virginia. In addition to the strong growth from our core suite of HCM and finance applications, Q2 also saw notable momentum across our broader portfolio of solutions. Workday Adaptive Planning recently celebrated its four-year anniversary as part of Workday, and I'm happy to share that we now serve more than 6,000 planning customers, including over 20% of the Fortune 500. It was also our second full quarter with Bentley as part of Workday, and we're already seeing solid results as it's opening up new opportunities for us to expand our relationship with customers who want to embrace a more holistic workforce strategy. We also continue to see strong adoption of Workday Extend and Prism Analytics as both solutions are providing organizations, including the office of the CIO, with the ability to adapt to today's changing world. With Extend, customers build apps that are tailored for their unique use cases, which can eliminate the need for other custom development tools. Over the last year, we have more than doubled the number of customers and now have more than 750 applications that have been developed on the Workday platform. And Prism Analytics, with now more than 1,000 customers, is enabling organizations to bring operational data into Workday to drive real-time business insights. These solutions are not only critical to our customer community, but are enabling a new level of engagement with our partner community as well. And speaking of our customer community, customer service has always been one of our core values. As a result, we strive to maintain a customer satisfaction rating of over 95%, and I'm pleased to announce that in 2022, we surpassed this rating again as we have for more than a decade. This achievement is a direct testament to the amazing work of our employees and their commitment to helping our customers thrive. We look forward to sharing more about our product innovation, customer success and market opportunity in September at Workday Rising, our Annual Customer Conference. This will mark the first time since 2019 that we're able to hold Workday Rising in-person, and we are so excited to get more than 9,000 members of the Workday community together in Orlando with thousands attending virtually for what is always a special event. In closing, we had a strong second quarter and the first half of the year. While we recognize that the current environment will likely moderate the pace of growth in the second half of the year, we firmly believe that the strong gets stronger during periods of economic uncertainty. And we will continue to manage the business with that mindset and expectation, all in support of driving enduring growth for many years to come. With that, over to you, Chano.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Aneel, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I want to begin by expressing my sincere thanks to the entire global organization for an incredible Q2. Every one of our nearly 17,000 workmates really leaned in and drove this result, and I couldn't be prouder of our execution. Great job, team. Our strong Q2 results were driven by momentum across several of our key growth initiatives, including customer base, international, medium enterprise and the office of the CFO, a testament to our strategy and the significant long-term opportunity that we have ahead. In addition, as Aneel mentioned, we closed the two largest deals that slipped out of Q1. And while the near-term market environment remains uncertain and we are not immune to it, we continue to see organizations of all sizes prioritizing their investments with Workday to continue their digital backbone transformation and drive increased agility and flexibility. From a geographic standpoint, we executed incredibly well across our global market. In the US, we saw healthy growth in the large enterprise, including five Fortune 500 core HCM or FINS wins. And in the medium enterprise, our suite approach continues to resonate, driving another quarter of very strong results. International performance was again a highlight, as our investment in key regions and the ongoing journey to the cloud are resulting in significant growth. In EMEA, we had outperformance across a number of key countries, including France, Germany and the United Kingdom. And finally, in APA, we had very solid performance in strategic markets like Japan and Australia. As you know, we go to market with land-and-expand sales motions, and both things drove healthy growth in Q2. Aneel already mentioned several of our core HCM and FINS wins, many of which were new customers to Workday. We also closed several strategic deals across our emerging land motions, including planning first wins at ExxonMobil and major bank [ph] and have become first-led win at a 300,000-plus employee global organization headquarter in Europe. In addition to strengthening our land motion, our customer base sales teams in Q2 once again drove very strong results, including solid renewals and meaningful acceleration in new ACV with broad-based strength across a number of solutions, including core FINS, Extend, Peakon, learning, payroll and talent optimization. We're also seeing momentum built within our planning first customers, who are expanding their footprint by adding core HCM and financials. Carle Health is a great example of this. They started as a planning first relationship and expanded their footprint to include core FINS in Q2. Industry is another area of significant opportunity and investment, and I am pleased to share that financial services is our first industry to exceed $1 billion in annual recurring revenue. Some of our most strategic transactions and go-lives in Q2 came out of our financial services team, including new lanes that Aneel referenced at Raymond James and APEC stand, expansion deals at Bank of Montreal and Cushman & Wakefield and go-lives at United Overseas Bank and Comerica. Other established industries, including healthcare and education and government also saw continued momentum and we are gaining steam in verticals such as retail, hospitality and technology media, where wins included Salesforce, Avalara and Gold Pass. Needless to say, we have several other industries that are on the path to $1 billion and beyond. Our expanding partner ecosystem is becoming an increasingly important driver of our growth and industry success, and the excitement we're seeing opportunity in front of us was on full display recently at Altitude, our annual partner event. Strategic system integrators such as Accenture, Deloitte, KPMG, and PwC are not only ensuring successful deployment, but also serving as an innovation engine addressing our customers' needs. Together, we're also targeting industry accelerators with specific solutions and use cases. We look forward to sharing a lot more on this at Workday Rising in a few weeks. As we move through the second half of the year, we expect the environment to remain uncertain, and we see signs that in certain deal cycles, particularly some of our more strategic opportunities, there is increased scrutiny and potentially longer sales cycles. As buyers do extra work before making investment decisions during these uncertain times. The good news is that when companies go through their due diligence, we typically come out on top, given the compelling return on investment and reduce total cost of ownership that our solutions provide. Our track record of successful deployments of scale and our reference base of thousands of customers who can speak to the meaningful business value that Workday delivers. With that, I will turn it over to our CFO, Barbara Larson. Over to you, Barbara.
Barbara Larson: Thanks Chano, and good afternoon, everyone. As Aneel and Chano mentioned, we delivered a strong Q2 as enterprises of all sizes increasingly realize the need for a flexible, modern finance and HR solutions to navigate their businesses and drive change during these uncertain times. Subscription revenue in Q2 was $1.37 billion, up 23% year-over-year, and Professional Services revenue was $168 million, up 15%. Total revenue outside of the US was $383 million, representing 25% of total revenue. 24-month backlog at the end of the second quarter was $8.37 billion, growth of 22%. The outperformance was driven by strong new ACV across both our land and expand sales motion along with solid renewals with growth and net revenue retention rates over 95% and over 100%, respectively. Total subscription revenue backlog at the end of Q2 was $13.47 billion, up 27%. Our non-GAAP operating income for the second quarter was $302 million, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 19.6%. Margin overachievement was driven by a combination of topline overperformance, the timing of certain projects, and some favorable expense variances. Q2 operating cash flow was $114 million, which reflects typical seasonality from our annual merit cycle increase. In addition, with the final two days of the quarter falling over a weekend, we saw roughly $40 million of collections shipped out of Q2 into early Q3, which will have a positive impact on our third quarter cash flow. Our largest investments continue to be in our people and attracting top talent to Workday. During the quarter, we successfully added approximately 1,000 net new employees, ending Q2 with a global workforce of more than 16,900. Our hiring was focused on adding key talent across strategic growth areas of the business, notably go-to-market resources and product innovation roles. Overall, we're extremely proud of the strong company-wide execution in Q2 and remain focused on leveraging our leadership position to drive sustainable 20% plus subscription revenue growth on our path to $10 billion in revenue. Turning now to guidance, which reflects the momentum in our business and the mission critical nature of our solutions, while also balancing an uncertain macro environment, which Aneel and Chano described. With that context, we are maintaining our guidance for FY 2023 subscription revenue of $5.537 billion to $5.557 billion, representing 22% year-over-year growth. We expect Q3 subscription revenue to be $1.418 billion to $1.420 billion, 21% year-over-year growth. We still expect professional services revenue to be $650 million in FY 2023 as we continue to tightly align with our growing partner ecosystem to help ensure our customers have successful implementations that support the highest levels of customer satisfaction and business value. For Q3, we expect professional services revenue of $164 million. We expect 24-month backlog to grow approximately 19% year-over-year in Q3. We now expect FY 2023 non-GAAP operating margin of 19%, reflecting a more measured pace of hiring in the second half of the year as we continue to monitor the macroeconomic environment. Investing for long-term growth alongside ongoing expense discipline remains our priority. We continue to have confidence in the strength of our business model and in achieving 25% non-GAAP operating margin and 35% operating cash flow margin at $10 billion in revenue. For Q3, we expect non-GAAP operating margin of 18%. GAAP margins for the third quarter and the full year are expected to be approximately 22 and 23 percentage points lower, respectively, than the non-GAAP margin. The FY 2023 non-GAAP tax rate remains at 19%. We're raising our FY 2023 guidance for operating cash flow to $1.64 billion. We now expect capital expenditures of $450 million this year to support our customer growth and continued business expansion. As a reminder, during the third quarter, we plan to pay off the principal balance of our $1.15 billion convertible debt in cash. When this occurs, our non-GAAP diluted share count will decrease by roughly eight million shares. Due to the late Q3 timing, this share reduction will not be fully reflected in our non-GAAP weighted average share count until Q4. And finally, I'll close by thanking our amazing employees, customers and partners for their continued support and hard work. We look forward to seeing you on September 13th, either in-person or virtually, for our Financial Analyst Day, part of the broader Workday Rising program being held in Orlando, Florida, where we'll share more insights on our strategic product initiatives and long-term market opportunity. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Kash Rangan: Hi. Thank you very much. What a delightful way to spend Thursday afternoon, listening to your earnings conference call. Aneel and Chano and the rest of the team, a couple of things in my mind. One is, previous quarter, you were one of the first companies to talk about deal slippage, et cetera. And how did that end up for this July quarter? What were the certain customer behaviors you saw in the month of July? And also, a question philosophically, as we open up and you have your first in-person user conference in a few years, what are the opportunities that are afforded to Workday as you enter calendar 2023 as a result of doing all the in-person activities that couldn't do as we were all working through this pandemic, be it growth rate acceleration, new product adoption strategy, what not. Just curious to get your thoughts. Thanks and congratulations, again.
Aneel Bhusri: So I'll answer the first part and then hand it over to Chano. We did not see a slowdown in July, Kash. We did have a few deals slipped from Q1 to Q2, but Doug Robinson and the team closed those deals. We are very cognizant of macro environment heading into the second half of the year, and so we are taking a cautious stance on hiring, but we didn't see any slowdown in July. It was about as strong a month as we could have hoped for. Rising is a great opportunity for us. We always do better when we're in-person. Its just that simple. Its a chance to get reconnected with customers, make sure were doing a good job for them. But equally importantly, as the product portfolio has grown, its a chance to showcase some of the newer products and have that customer base motion continue to thrive. So Chano, anything you want to add?
Chano Fernandez: Hey, thank you, Aneel. Thank you, Kash. As Aneel commented, we saw strength across the whole quarter from beginning to end, but we're clearly seeing more uncertainty and excluding the pipeline going forward. Regarding to Rising, we are very excited. After three years, certainly, and it's about, as you know, ensuring great relationship with the customer community and that bodes very well with Workday. And clearly, as customer base becomes a larger part of our business is a more opportunity and a great opportunity for us to build some good pipeline.
Kash Rangan: Fabulous. Thank you. Congrats.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please, proceed.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much. It's impressive to see these two big Fortune 500 core financial wins. Do you get the sense that the COVID lockjam is somehow clearing up there, despite all the recession headlines, or do you see many finance teams still kind of lacking the smooth sailing they might need to do a cloud migration? And perhaps, you would have a little extra core FINS pipeline building up that might get released at some point, if that's the case. And then, Barbara, just curious if there's any sense for the magnitude of change on the hiring pace that you're contemplating for the rest of the year?
Aneel Bhusri: I'll ask Pete to answer the first question on financial side. I'm sure there was definitely some pent-up demand, but Pete, do you want to -- 
Pete Schlampp: Hey, Mark, good to talk to you. Right now, from what we're seeing, we're not seeing any difference in demand for our HCM and financials from what we've been seeing in the past. And that's obviously good news as we saw here in Q2. But what we will say is, as we go into more uncertain economic environments, which are likely happening; then typically in those situations, buyers on the financial management side tend to delay those deals a little bit longer. So that's just based upon our experience being in this market for a while, and that's what we're expecting to have happen going forward.
Barbara Larson: And then, hey, Mark, it's Barbara. On your question on the hires, I'm not providing a specific target other than to say, we expect fewer hires compared to the first half in the second half. So we'll continue to be flexible and disciplined based on the environment we see in the second half.
Mark Murphy: Understood. Thank you very much.
Barbara Larson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Kirk Materne: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks very much. And I'll echo the congrats on the quarter. Actually, maybe this one, it sort of echoes Mark's question. But I was curious, when you look at the pipeline build right now relative to what's -- you guys can't control what happens at the end of the deal cycle necessarily. But I was just, kind of, curious if the macro is having any impact at the front-end of the funnel? Are you still seeing the same number of deals come in? When Doug's talking about companies may be taking a pause, is it just at the end? And I guess, is there anything you can do to make your products more modular in nature, so that they can continue through the process without getting stuck at one point within the sales funnel? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Chano
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Kirk. We felt good about the new pipeline build that we saw in the quarter across solutions and across geographies and barring any meaningful changes in the macro, we feel good about the pipeline we have for the second half. Certainly, we are never satisfied and we are focused on continuing to build pipeline, particularly with some of the faster sales motions like our customer base motion and our land first motions, because we can certainly create new opportunities, and we can still close them within the fiscal.
Kirk Materne: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Sills with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Brad Sills: Great. Thank you. I wanted to ask a question about a comment you made earlier, Aneel, on a couple of the FINS wins being planning first customers. Is there another set of the installed base of other modules around FINS that's brewing here that we could also see some upgrades that could come from? And then just any commentary on that planning first pipeline as a leading indicator potentially for more FINS additions? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Yeah. Well, we're now up over 6,000 planning customers, and each one of those to me is an opportunity to sell our core financial products. And that is probably the one land product in the world of finance that we can go in with first and have it be meaningful. And it's played out that way, and it plays out the way more and more. The more we get into financial planning and we continue to workforce planning, but the more we do financial planning, it's a great way in. But that's probably the one app that's our lead into core financials.
Brad Sills: Thanks Aneel.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Turrin with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Michael Turrin: Hi there. Thanks and congrats on the results here from me as well. You started somewhat of an investment cycle ahead of all the uncertainty. I'm just wondering if there's anything you'd point back to that you're finding is able to provide a bit of a favorable offset. It sounds like you're not seeing as much of the shift in buying behavior as others across software pointing to? And maybe as a second part of the question, if you do see demand signals start to slow, you did have some comments suggesting second half growth could still moderate. How quickly are you able to toggle towards expense control and dial back as needed? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: What I'd say on the first part of the question, we know -- who knows how the future is going to play out. But I think one thing that's different about Workday and some of the other cloud companies is that we're still very lightly penetrated in our installed base. When I look at how much revenue we drive, it's not as high as some of our peers in the cloud, and so that's always a good place to sell during tough economic times. Your customers are already committed to Workday. They're already happy, and there -- and so I would say, we're less about toggling about expenses, more about toggling to a different sales strategy. And then I think what we're also doing is, we're dusting off the TCO analysis that we used to do many years ago during the 2008, 2009 collapse where we had to prove out our TCO in order to even get invited to the game. This market has not been about TCO, it's been about digital transformation, but we do have a very compelling TCO story as well. Chano, Pete or Barbara, you want add anything? Do you want to talk about the expenses, Barbara?
Barbara Larson: Yes, I think on the expenses, as we said, we're moderating the pace of hiring in the second half -- being cautious going into the second half, but we're going to continue to add resources. At the same time, we're going to be flexible based on the environment we see in the second half. So we feel confident, if we need to toggle some of that hiring down in the second half that we can do that.
Michael Turrin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you, guys for taking the question and really great quarter you guys put up. And I think you could probably see kind of in all our questions -- a lot of us are trying to figure out like how do you guys pull this off while a lot of other of your peers are struggling? And I think you're trying to get at it and you're talking a little bit about being more likely penetrated into the base. I was wondering if you could expand on that because a lot of us think of you guys as having a really good presence and a big presence in HCM, particularly in the US, maybe a little bit less so in Europe. Things are definitely on the come. What do you mean by lightly penetrated in the days? It's just that there's a lot more to upsell and a lot more product to give to your customers. Can you give -- and why is that such an advantage at a time like this?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I would just echo what I said in the previous answer. A happy customer is always an easier sale than a net new customer that doesn't have experience working with you. In terms of penetration, I'll turn that over to Chano to talk about where we are. Chano and Doug really were the drivers of our -- back to the base motion, and it's still relatively new for us. It's only a few years old versus, I think, other companies have had it more land and expand where we don't really have that opportunity. We land expanded and then we want to add more modules.
Chano Fernandez: Yes, that's correct, Keith. I would say first that our key growth drivers played out well during the quarter, both customer base, international office, the CFO, and media enterprise, they all behave pretty well across geographies and across different solutions. In terms of the penetration, as you know, we've been focusing more on the customer base because we've been heavily net new during a very long time, and we've been doing investments there that are paying off. And clearly, we've also been innovating and adding a significant number of solutions. So as Aneel is saying, when customers are happy and seeing value and we are focusing on showing the return on investment on those solutions. They tend to buy more and that is exactly what is happening across the segments. And clearly there, our penetration is lower when you compare to other peers that have been more heavily focused on customer base for a longer period. But I would say, both of the net new logos and customers we've never done business with and customer base behaves very strong this quarter. Having said all that, as we are saying, we're starting to see a bit more scrutiny, particularly on the larger deal cycles where customers will go a little bit more to another cycle of approval or a better reassurance of the full implementation projects or whatever that most likely will inventing or potentially some of the sales cycles on the larger transformational transactional deals around each financials.
Keith Weiss: Got it. And if I could just sneak in a last one for Barbara. You guys have talked about more conservatism in the back half guidance. And I'm assuming the outperformance that you guys saw in Q2, particularly in like that 24-month backlog, would have normally translated into a raise of the guidance and you didn't raise the guidance. Can you give us some kind of sense of the magnitude of that conservatism in the back half now?
Barbara Larson: Yeah. I'll just say, coming off a quarter as strong as Q2, we would have liked to have been able to raise our outlook for the full year. But while we outperformed and the business remains resilient, we also see evidence of increased scrutiny in certain sales cycle. So our outlook assumes a continuation of this in the second half.
Keith Weiss: Got it. Thank you. Thats very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Alex Zukin: Hey guys. Since Keith asked both of the exact question I was going to ask, I'll try to basically do it, kind of, go at it a different way. It feels like, Aneel, what you're saying is that there's a lot of surface area that you have left to go after inside of your client base. And based on the TCO analysis, I'm assuming there's also an opportunity for a lot of your customers to consolidate, particularly on the HCM side from many point solutions to a platform, how is that message resonating in your conversations? And how long before that type of a playbook can be run at the financials level? I realize, obviously, you're going in with the full suite right away. But just walk us through those dynamics, if you could?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I'll just offer up a high-level view that happy customers are the most important thing that we have, right? I mean, if you have a happy customer, they're just inclined to buy from you. And what we've seen, especially in large enterprises, they typically don't tie the HR and financials decision together. There are separate decisions, and a lot of these solutions like planning are also separate decisions. So as long as we keep that base happy, when these customers look for new solutions, we do have quite a bit of surface area, especially in the HR base, where we've got over, I think, 4,000 HR customers and 1,400 finance customers so that you can just see where that gap is. But also every time we come out with a new module, that's either something we built or an acquisition, it's an opportunity to go back to that base.
Pete Schlampp: One thing I'd add there, Aneel, just to give everybody some perspective on it is we've got 22 SKUs in our HCM portfolio, and we've talked about the fact that 14 of them have been made generally available in the last four years, just to give you some perspective on that. What you can read into that is, you've got a large percentage of SKUs that are not penetrated into that base yet. It's what we've been working on for years, and we do -- just to repeat again what Aneel and Chano said, which is focusing on making our customers happy, delivering the value that we've been talking about delivering to them, makes them want to buy more things from us. And so that's a key part of that strategy.
Alex Zukin: Perfect. And then maybe just as a follow-up. I want to clarify because I want to drill in on this. Aneel, it sounds like what you're saying is July has been really good, but then from what I think Chano and Barbara are saying is that, there is more scrutiny on sales cycles. There's more conservatism in the guide. But, I guess, is that something you're actually seeing or you are preparing to see and adding a kind of heightened level of conservatism in the assumptions that you're making around close rates in pipeline generation, et cetera?
Aneel Bhusri: I think Chano is best to answer that one.
Chano Fernandez: Yes. Alex, I will reassure June, July has been very strong. But in terms of the sales cycle moving forward, particularly in some of the larger ones around HCM and FINS, we are seeing some more scrutiny or grading in those sales cycles. As you can imagine, some of those cycles are long. So we definitely have different stages that they move from one to another, we can get some milestones. And it's kind of easy for us to check on the pace that those deals are moving. And as you can see, that some things are clearly and lengthening or potentially lengthening on the sale cycle.
Alex Zukin: Got it. Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And the next question comes from Scott Berg with Needham. Please proceed.
Scott Berg: Hi, everyone. Congrats on a good quarter, and I'll change it up from the macro questions at the moment, leave those for later. I had a question on the announcement during the quarter about your new FedRAMP status, in particular at the moderate security impact level. How should we think about that opportunity in Fed? I know you guys had some general success in the government angle as a whole throughout the domestic United States, but is that something that can be meaningful over time, or is it really just kind of a maybe a smaller incremental opportunity? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: It can be very meaningful over time, but it's going to take some time for it to develop. Those sales cycles are longer than commercial sales cycles. They always have been. And so, now as we have gotten that FedRAMP certification, now the sales cycles begin and they can be 12, 18, 24 month sales cycles. So -- but it's a meaningful opportunity. There's a lot of ex-PeopleSoft customers still running PeopleSoft there. So it's one that we invested in, because we see it as a big opportunity, but also going to be patient in that, it takes a while for the pipeline to develop. Pete, do you want add anything?
Pete Schlampp: I think, you said it very well. It's a -- we see it as over $2 billion opportunity for the business, but -- and something that we've been investing in for a while. It will take us some time to see that pay off, because of these longer sales cycles. And we're -- I think also the government is -- should be a great customer for us, another customer that we can sell more things into than just core HCM over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Bracelin with Piper Sandler. Please, proceed.
Brent Bracelin: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Obviously, with increased scrutiny around larger deals, I appreciate that. But we're also seeing belt tightening across the broader enterprise. My question here with your focus around cross-sell, what's the narrative around cost savings, vendor consolidation to bundle HCM and FINS. With some of your larger customers, you're starting to get some high higher-profile Fortune 500 wins there. Love to hear if there's an appetite to further consolidate vendors from a cost savings perspective to bundle HCM and FINS, specifically with some large US customers.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, that trend is definitely happening, and we saw it happen with a series of big financial wins in the second quarter, but I wouldn't underestimate the strength of our medium enterprise business. And I don't see the same belt tightening in the medium enterprise business, and they tend to buy the whole platform. So it's a pretty healthy market for us. It's kind of our run rate business, and they tend to want to have fewer vendors as possible because they don't want to spend all the money on best-of-breed and integration. Chano, anything you want to add?
Chano Fernandez: Very well said, Aneel. I would just say that some of the larger customers, they do retire double-digit number of legacy systems. So what we're trying to do right now, as Aneel was mentioning before, is ensuring that they understand very well the total cost of ownership and the benefits that our solutions will provide and the return on investments. And of course, we're getting in contact with other customers that have already implemented and really seen those become intangible. So that's the playbook we are putting in play. We've gone before some of these downturn cycles. Some of us are unfortunately old, but there is an advantage of that at times. And the whole management team, and we've seen that working before, as Aneel mentioned. So we're playing that playbook.
Brent Bracelin: Thanks for the color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thank you so much for taking my question and congrats on a great set of results. I want to follow up on Keith and Alex's line of questioning about happy customers, but also maybe from a little bit of a different angle. As you presumably still have the large renewal cohort flowing through the model that we talked about last year, is the current environment in any way impeding the magnitude of expansion that you would otherwise expect upon renewal? And in fact that factoring into what appears to be a conservative backlog guide for Q3, understandably so, just given the environment. Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Barbara?
Barbara Larson: So for the backlog guide in Q3, our guidance takes into account the best view of the business that we see it today and that's reflected in our 24-month backlog guide for Q3. Keep in mind, the timing of renewals can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and have an impact on that backlog growth. And if you recall at the beginning of the year, we did discuss our expectation for the renewal base to return to a more normalized rate of growth for the full year, which continues to be our view.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Any color, though, on just the expansion rate that you're seeing upon renewal?
Aneel Bhusri: Chano?
Chano Fernandez: It remains very strong, Brad. I think it is a testament to the mission-critical of our applications and the customer satisfaction and the renewal ratios remain very, very good and very healthy across the board.
Brad Zelnick: Excellent. Fantastic to hear. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ari Terjanian with Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Ari Terjanian: Good afternoon and thanks for taking the question. Congrats on the results. Just wanted to follow up on some of the Fortune 500 wins in the quarter. What do you think finally drove those to go over the goal line? And more broadly, what's the timeline you're thinking about for go-lives for those? And the reason I'm asking, just wondering when -- if and when you think there could be more of a halo effect from some of these higher profile wins? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: I'm going to assume you mean on the finance side because on the HR side, we've always had a stream of Fortune 500 wins. And I think at this point, we're over 50% of that -- well over 50% of the Fortune 500 running us for HCM. On the finance side, I think it's a combination of the systems aging. It's a combination of our product becoming more mature, new products like accounting center that are really strategic customers and Prism Analytics. So, now we've got the full suite, and people have to modernize. They really don't have a choice. But I don't -- I mean I think this is -- it's just a healthy run rate business as opposed to this moment in time where it's going to go through the roof or I don't -- it's not that kind of business. But the more data points we have of customers choosing us than going live, obviously, the better we are. Coamerica went live this past quarter. That was -- that's a fantastic reference for us. A big regional bank going live is a great data point for us. Most of these projects are 12 months to 18 months. It all depends on the scope of what they're trying to do, and so it's a pretty reasonable timeframe to get these projects live. If it's a smaller scale implementation, just core accounting, it can be done implementation, just core accounting, it can be done of modules, 12 to 15 to 18 months is pretty reasonable.
Ari Terjanian: Thanks.
Operator: We have time for one more question, and our final question will come from David Hynes with Canaccord. Please proceed.
David Hynes: Hey guys. Congrats on the quarter. Chano, when you talk about scrutiny on deals, we've heard that from a lot of companies now. For Workday, what exactly does that mean? I mean, is it haggling on price? Is it more reference checks? Is it about implementation timelines and processes? Like what's involved there? Any color would be interesting to me.
Chano Fernandez: Yes. Thank you for the question, DJ. It can vary, but you can think about it sometimes. It's just more scrutiny around the implementation timeframe and the readiness they have on their side or on the partner side or on our side in terms of resources. It also means many times prioritization on projects and which usually that happens, we typically come on top because we are missing-critical and because again, on the ROI and the TCO, but you are competing against your project. It also means an additional level of approval or two additional levels of approvals of going up to the Board, depending on the level of approval. So, those are some of the things that it typically means around business case, around management approvals, around prioritization of projects, and around reinsurance in terms of success and implementations and availability of resources and cost of opportunities, impact on potentially other investments or opportunities they are managing or considering.
David Hynes: Yes. Okay. Makes sense. Thanks for the color.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you. Thank you for the question DJ.
Operator: I will turn the call back over to management for closing comments.
Aneel Bhusri: Everybody, have a good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This will conclude Workday's second quarter full year 2023 earnings call. Thank you again for joining us today and have a great day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-05-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Workday's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 With that, I'll hand the call over to Justin Furby, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
Justin Furby: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Workday's First Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri and Chano Fernandez, our co-CEOs; Barbara Larson, our CFO; and Pete Schlampp, our Chief Strategy Officer. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. 
 Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, application, customer demand, operation and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those related to the impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and recent macroeconomic events on our business and global economic conditions. 
 Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 2022 annual report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for additional information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. 
 In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release, in our investor presentation and on the Investor Relations page of our website. 
 The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Starting with this quarter and going forward, we will be posting a quarterly investor presentation on our Investor Relations website following each quarter's call. Also, the Customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. 
 Our second quarter fiscal 2023 quiet period begins on July 16, 2022. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2022. 
 With that, I'll hand the call over to Aneel. 
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Justin, and welcome to Workday's First Quarter Fiscal Year '23 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, we are heartbroken by the recent acts of violence and the senseless loss of life. There are no words to explain the pain the parents, children, families and loved ones of the victims must be feeling. Our thoughts are with them and the people of Uvalde, Texas; Buffalo, New York; Laguna Woods, California and every other community that has endured such tragedy. Everyone has the right to feel safe in the places where they learn, live, work, worship and do simple day errands. 
 Turning now to our business and coming off an exceptional fiscal year '22 of acceleration in the business. Workday reported solid Q1 results, delivering subscription revenue growth of 23%. During the quarter, we continue to see companies across our target geographies and industries select Workday as they move their finance and HR systems to the cloud. At the same time, several key opportunities that we had expected to close in Q1 were pushed to later in the year, impacting backlog performance. Barbara will touch on later in the call. 
 We continue to see strong demand for our products and are optimistic about the year. We are mindful, however, of the current macroeconomic and geopolitical environments and the impact these conditions could have on businesses globally. With that in mind, our focus remains on what we can control, which is to continue to drive innovation as we broaden our offering to become an even more strategic partner to our customers, deliver the industry's top levels of customer support, cultivate our culture, which remains foundational to all that we do. 
 Now I'd like to share some of the business highlights from Q1, starting with Workday HCM. Barclays, Callaway Golf and West Tennessee Healthcare were just a few of the many new customers that we welcomed last quarter. While these new wins are very important to us, we remain equally focused on ensuring our customers successfully go live, critical to our ability to drive customer satisfaction. Notable go-lives in Q1 include Hy-Vee; Kyndryl; and Royal Bank of Canada, better known as RBC. 
 Proven ability to support our customers' large volumes of data and transactions continues to be a significant differentiator in our success. It's not just our scalability that differentiates us. It's also our unique ability to innovate and deliver valuable insights to our customers across the office of the [ CHRO ]. In learning, for example, we recently crossed the 2,000 customer milestone. We now have over 3,100 recruiting customers. We're also opening new markets with solutions with Analytics, which now has over 500 customers; Workday Journeys, which has over 300 customers. We're a clear market leader in HCM, something that we don't take for granted. We continue to find new ways to increase our strategic positioning within the office of the CHRO. 
 Turning to our offerings for the office of the CFO. We once again saw continued strength across the board. Highlights included key full suite wins at American University, Lehigh Valley Hospital and Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority along with several core financial customer go-lives in the quarter, including Advocate Aurora Health and Sentara Healthcare, to name a few. 
 Our strategy for many years now and one of our key differentiators is providing organizations with a unified solution to plan, execute and analyze their businesses in real time. That strategy is clearly resonating in the market with Workday Adaptive Planning now being used by nearly 6,000 organizations globally, including nearly 75% of our core FINS customers. Prism Analytics nearing 1,000 customers, being roughly 40% of our core financials customers. 
 As you know, Workday was founded on a core set of values that help guide our decisions as we look to do what's right for our employees, the customers we serve and the world around us. The example of this approach can be seen through our increased focus on supporting our customers' evolving ESG initiatives. We have quickly become a top priority in the boardroom and for the office of the CFO, especially considering the most recent and upcoming SEC disclosure requirements. 
 In Q1, we announced 2 new solutions that will be available this year to further help companies view their businesses through an ESG lens. First is social reporting for ESG to help our customers more easily track progress against goals and identify areas for improvement within workforce composition, organizational health, diversity and workforce investments.
 The second is supplier and sustainability. We help customers to improve the sustainability and resilience of their supply chains, test Scope 3 emissions across their suppliers. Adding these 2 new solutions to our existing product portfolio further strengthens our ability to be a strategic partner of customers, shareholders on their ESG. 
 Switching to the people front. We continue to invest heavily in our company culture to sustain our belief that happy employees deliver the highest levels of satisfaction to our great customers. On that note, in early April, we announced exciting expansion plans for our European headquarters in Dublin, Ireland. We intend to create 1,000 new jobs over the next 2 years, which will increase our overall Ireland-based workforce by approximately 60% in addition to breaking ground on a new European headquarters building. Dublin site plays a critical role in our product development and customer service efforts. We decided to build on the already incredible group of employees we have in Dublin.
 As we look forward, amid the backdrop of macro uncertainty, we're comforted by the fact that, as a company, we've been through these cycles before, most recently navigating the pandemic, and as a younger company, the 2008-2009 financial crisis. Each time, we have come out stronger and remain confident in the fundamentals of our business and our long-term strategy. We believe that our leadership position will only strengthen. We have a proven track record of growth at scale, a robust business model with strong cash flow generation, a value-driven culture that attracts the best talent and constantly [indiscernible] always been a recipe for long-term success for us.
 With that, I'll turn it over to our Co-CEO, Chano Fernandez. Over to you, Chano. 
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Aneel, and thank you to everyone for joining today. I want to begin by extending a special welcome to the more than 700 many Workmates that joined the company during Q1. I recently had the opportunity to travel across several of our global offices and meet with many of our new and long-time Workmates. And I must say the energy within the company is amazing. I look forward to seeing what we can achieve together in FY '23 and beyond.
 We delivered a solid first quarter as momentum across both our net new and customer-based teams continued, and we once again drove very strong renewals, a testament to the strategic nature of our solutions and our commitment to customer satisfaction. As Aneel mentioned, we did see the timing of several Q1 key deals push into future quarters, and we've also seen some Q2 pipeline opportunities move to the second half, but we are confident in closing them later this year. More broadly, we see healthy overall pipeline, positioning us to deliver a strong FY '23 as we remain focused on driving sustainable 20%-plus subscription revenue growth.
 From a geographic standpoint, in Q1, we had solid growth across several international markets, highlighted by the U.K. where we have significant wins at companies such as Barclays and NatWest Banking Group; in France, where people drove strategic lands at Accor and Orange S.A.; and in the Nordics and Netherlands, where we increased our footprint with companies such as Booking.com and Scandic Hotels.
 In the U.S., we saw strength across multiple areas, including the medium enterprise, where our broad portfolio of solutions across the CHRO and CFO is driving our success. In the large enterprise, in addition to some of the new core HR and financial management wins, we expanded our strategic footprint with several of our existing customers, such as Voya, Advanced Auto Parts and one of the world's largest technology companies. Our customer base motion continues to drive strong momentum, and we're very excited by the growth we see ahead.
 Industry is another area of significant opportunity, including emerging industries like the U.S. federal government as well as established ones such as health care, where we're the market-leading provider for both cloud-based HCM and financial solutions. Some of our most strategic transactions having go-lives in Q1 came out of our health care team, including wins at Lehigh Valley Hospital, Health Research Inc. and West Tennessee Healthcare as well as FINS go-lives at Advocate Aurora Health and Sentara Healthcare. And there is clear momentum looking forward as our significant base of reference customers, along with our targeted product investments in areas like supply chain, are clearly paying off.
 Another key growth opportunity is across our partner ecosystem, which from day 1 has been critical to our customers' success. Not only do our partners help ensure successful deployments. But through the extensibility of our platform, they're also accelerating our product road map. A great example is Huron Consulting who leveraged the industry expertise and operational supply chain knowledge to develop a demand planning solution on Workday Adaptive Planning, purpose-built for the health care industry. Using this solution, Dayton Children's Hospital is able to make data-driven decisions and ensure physical supplies, resources and space are available when patients need them most. This is just one of several areas of innovation we've seen from our ecosystem.
 Over the course of Q1, we deepened our partnerships with multiple systems integrators, like Accenture, Deloitte and PwC, to not only launch new partner-built solutions but to align our core innovation plans to scale and accelerate over the coming quarters. Helping us drive this effort and our overall ecosystem strategy is our new Chief Partner Officer, Sam Alkharrat, who brings more than 2 decades of experience to the role and who will report directly to me. Welcome, Sam.
 In closing, we enter Q2 with healthy pipelines and a positioning across the offices of the CHRO and CFO that is as strategic as ever. We remain squarely focused on executing against our growth opportunities and in laying the foundation to support the durable 20%-plus subscription revenue growth on our path to $10 billion in revenue.
 With that, I will turn it over to our CFO, Barbara Larson. Over to you, Barbara. 
Barbara Larson: Thanks, Chano, and good afternoon, everyone. As Aneel and Chano mentioned, we had a solid start to the year as organizations across the globe continue to choose Workday as their strategic partner in driving their finance and HR digital transformations. Subscription revenue in Q1 was $1.27 billion, up 23% year-over-year. And professional services revenue was $163 million, up 14%. Total revenue outside of the U.S. was $360 million, representing 25% of total revenue. 24-month backlog at the end of the first quarter was $7.97 billion, growth of 21%. Growth was driven by solid new ACV and strong renewals with growth in net revenue retention rates over 95% and over 100%, respectively.
 As Aneel and Chano mentioned, we saw the timing of several deals, including a few large ones, pushed from Q1 into future quarters in FY '23, which impacted our 24-month and total subscription revenue backlog growth by approximately 1 percentage point. Total subscription revenue backlog was $12.65 billion, up 26%. Our non-GAAP operating income for the first quarter was $289 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 20.1%. Margin overachievement was driven by a combination of top line overperformance and the timing of certain expenses. As expected, we made significant investments across the business in Q1 and began to transition back to the office as well as resuming travel and in-person events. 
 We had a strong start to the year for cash flow with Q1 operating cash flow of $440 million. During the quarter, we raised $3 billion in cash through a public debt offering at attractive fixed interest rates, enabling us to repay existing debt while also providing additional flexibility as we plan for the future. We prepaid our $694 million floating rate term loan in April and intend to pay the principal balance of our $1.15 billion convertible debt in cash when it comes due in October. When this occurs, our non-GAAP diluted share count will decrease by roughly 8 million shares. Due to the late Q3 timing, this share reduction will not be fully reflected in our non-GAAP weighted average share count until Q4. 
 Our largest investments continue to be in our people and attracting top talent to Workday. During the quarter, we successfully added and integrated over 700 net new employees, ending Q1 with more than 15,900 employees. The strong hiring is a testament to our culture, our global brand and the significant growth opportunity that we have ahead. Overall, we are pleased with the solid company-wide execution in Q1 and remain focused on leveraging our leadership position to drive sustainable 20%-plus subscription revenue growth on our path to $10 billion in revenue. 
 Turning now to guidance, which reflects continued momentum across our business while also taking into account a more back-end weighted year than we originally anticipated. We are raising our guidance for FY '23 subscription revenue to be in the range of $5.537 billion to $5.557 billion, representing 22% year-over-year growth. We expect our Q2 subscription revenue to be $1.353 billion to $1.355 billion, 22% year-over-year growth, with sequential growth in Q3 of approximately 4.5%. 
 We still expect professional services revenue to be $650 million in FY '23 as we continue our tight alignment with our growing partner ecosystem to help ensure our customers have successful implementations that support the highest levels of customer satisfaction and business value. For Q2, we expect professional services revenue of $164 million. We expect the 24-month backlog to grow approximately 20% year-over-year in Q2 of FY '23. We continue to expect FY '23 non-GAAP operating margins of 18.5%. For Q2, we expect non-GAAP operating margins of 17.5%, which reflects typical seasonality as a result of our annual employee compensation cycle, which took effect at the beginning of Q2. 
 Investing for long-term growth remains our priority, and we'll continuously evaluate growth/margin trade-offs, but we have confidence in the strength of our business model and in achieving 25% non-GAAP operating margins at $10 billion in revenue. The GAAP margins for the second quarter and the full year are expected to be approximately 22 and 24 percentage points lower, respectively, than the non-GAAP margins. The FY '23 non-GAAP tax rate remains at 19%. 
 As a result of our recent debt IPO, we are lowering our FY '23 guidance for operating cash flows to $1.61 billion, which takes into account approximately $55 million of cash interest payments associated with the debt. We continue to expect capital expenditures of $475 million this year to support our customer growth and continued business expansion. 
 And finally, I'll close by thanking our amazing employees, customers and partners for their continued support and hard work. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Mark Murphy from JPMorgan. 
Mark Murphy: Congrats on raising the guidance for the year. I'm curious if there were any common characteristics across the opportunities that slipped, for instance, by geo or by vertical. And just at a higher level, how much of a spread do you see in terms of your customers' business confidence or their willingness to invest or the pipeline build, if you were to compare and contrast that in North America versus Europe today? 
Chano Fernandez: Sure. Mark, I would not call it one particular area, whether by product or region in terms of the deals that push in Q1. Though as we mentioned, it included some of our larger opportunities. Each of these pushes were for different reasons, not necessarily macro-related, and we are focused on closing them later in the year. We are definitely mindful that the environment, particularly in Europe, remains uncertain and we continue to monitor it. But we have solid results across regions in Q1, including several international markets. 
Operator: The next question today is coming from Kash Rangan from Goldman Sachs. 
Kasthuri Rangan: Aneel, a question for you. What are the tactics that you're pursuing to weather through this potential, people call it downturn, maybe you call it something different, whether it's GTM, product investments, hiring? How are the tactics changing? 
 And I guess, a question for Chano on the deal front. What are you hearing from customers as to what they're looking for now in order to get clarity so they could go forward and close these deals? 
Aneel Bhusri: In terms of tactics, the plan is [indiscernible] continuing. We're being smart about the way we hire and probably helping customers with ways to continue their -- think through value proposition maybe in a way that we hadn't had to do. Every downturn, you got to think through the value proposition in terms of payback, and it's probably more important now. And so we're just dusting off that playbook. Chano, anything you want to add there? 
Chano Fernandez: What I would say in terms of what I'm hearing from customers, I'm just coming back from Davos right now, and I have many CEO conversations there, is that digital transformation investments, being at the core of those, remain very strategic and a priority. And we're certainly monitoring very close the deals that push, some large ones. And we are very confident that they're going to close in the second half. There are no really macro-related reasons at this point in time. 
 The other fact that I can add, Kash, is like -- to give some color in May, we really started strong, and May seems to be a very good first month of the Q2 for us. 
Operator: Your next question today is coming from Kirk Materne from Evercore ISI. 
S. Kirk Materne: Chano, can I just follow up on that last point you made, which was you feel confident in these deals closing later in the year, so they weren't macro-related, but there seems to be some concern from you all that the macro is getting worse. So I'm just kind of -- were these just deals that maybe should have been earmarked to close in the back half of the year to begin with and they just needed more time, but it's -- they're not freaking out about the macro or things have deteriorated in terms of their confidence level in their business and they need some time to get their cash, whatever it might be? I just want to sort of separate sort of what you're seeing from, say, customers getting concerned because you just said there's still strategic deals versus maybe these particular deals that are now going to fall in the back half of the year. So I think it's an important point to make because I think people are hearing conflicting things on the macro from different software companies right now. 
Chano Fernandez: I understand, Kirk. Certainly, there is uncertainty in the macro, as Aneel has highlighted, and that is one point we can't control. What I was trying to clarify is that some of the large deals that pushed, they are not really due to macro. For example, a C-level executive changes that happened in the last month and some of those that are key decision makers just want to review the overall process to be comfortable, particularly through the implementation process as a whole. So that is a typical reason on a couple of deals that really pushed. 
 The confidence comes, having the discussion and remaining close to these deals in terms of the commitment from customers that they remain strategic and a priority and part of those being done in the second half of the year. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Michael Turrin from Wells Fargo Securities. 
Michael Turrin: I mean, obviously, you mentioned in the call, some of the deal delays that you're seeing. We've been fielding a number of questions around downturn scenarios. One of the things that you had already previously started to focus in on is the back-to-the-base selling motion in some of the additional products that you've brought into the portfolio. Is that something you feel can help if some of these delays extend? I'm just wondering if that helps you diversify at all from a sales perspective. And you had some useful customer adoption stats around some of the modules in the prepared remarks. So maybe we can point back to some of those as well. 
Chano Fernandez: Michael, we feel confident with our sales strategy and go-to-market strategy. As it happened at the onset of COVID, we adjusted to those motions that we felt that were stronger. For example, customer base; for example, medium enterprise and some others like planning. So we definitely will be watching and monitoring the situation very closely right now. And if we feel that we need to prioritize one area over another one, we will be doing the same. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Brad Zelnick from Deutsche Bank. 
Brad Zelnick: Following on the last question, as we think about that white space opportunity in the installed base and the degree to which having done such a great job selling into the base the last couple of years, just wondering to what extent it might actually create a challenge if the backdrop is to deteriorate, thinking that there's perhaps a limit to just how much product the customer base can absorb. Is there any reason that we shouldn't think that with additional products that you guys keep innovating, and in some cases acquiring, that there's opportunity or limits perhaps even in the ability to sell back into the base? 
Aneel Bhusri: I would say from a product perspective, still in the early days of going back to the base and a lot of our earlier customers are just running 1 or 2 modules. So there's no -- I don't really see any constraint on the market size opportunity. 
 Chano, if you want to add anything to that. 
Chano Fernandez: I agree with what you said, Aneel. I think our solutions are incredibly important in enabling our customers to approach their business with agility and adaptability. And I believe that as far as we're bringing value and they're seeing that value because they remain very happy, we have a huge opportunity in our customer base that we even quantified on our last Analyst Day. And it just increased because there is so much innovation that is coming through. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Brad Sills from Bank of America. 
Bradley Sills: I wanted to ask about Planning. It's an area that we keep hearing from the channel standing out as relatively strong. You called it out now for a couple of quarters. If you could help us understand what's going on there? Is this just progress that you've made recently with integrating Planning to core FINS? What's behind the strength in Planning? 
Aneel Bhusri: I would say at a product level, the product does continue to get better, and it now works across multiple use cases, not just Financial Planning, but Workforce Planning. And I do think the pandemic -- and maybe this macro environment are causing companies to think a lot more about planning and replanning and almost a mode of continuous planning, and that puts a lot of pressure in the legacy tools. And I think our products are really well suited for this environment of [ engine ] plan every few months, maybe even sooner, to reflect what's a pretty dynamic business environment out there. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Alex Zukin from Wolfe Search. 
Aleksandr Zukin: So I want to maybe just disentangle a little bit. First, on the push deals, how many of those were kind of HCM versus Financials? And then within the commentary about the deals in the quarter that pushed versus the pipeline commentary of maybe things taking longer, is the pipeline commentary more geared towards what you're seeing or hearing out of the macro? And have you recalibrated your kind of thoughts around the year based on that? 
Aneel Bhusri: Chano? 
Chano Fernandez: Yes. Alex, we commented or I said that we didn't see any particular difference in terms of product or region in terms of the deals that pushed in Q1. All we said is that there were a couple of large opportunities. What we said in terms of the pipeline is some pipeline from Q2 moved as well to the second half of the year but that we still see a strong pipeline and good momentum, and we've been creating a good pace that give us confidence to deliver on the goals that we do have for FY '23. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. 
Keith Weiss: Maybe taking sort of the other side of the income statement and talking a little bit about margins. I think operating margins in Q1 were definitely a highlight, exceeded expectations. Can you talk to us -- for Barbara, can you talk to us a little bit about what enabled those better margins in Q1? The full year guide doesn't really move. Why not sort of push more operating margins through into the full year guide? 
 And then maybe you could help us just basically understand your guys' stance and how you're going to approach this year given the macro backdrop. As you could hear, we're all very nervous about the economy. We're all very nervous about the durability of growth. How nimble can you guys be with that OpEx line to protect those operating margins and protect that free cash flow throughout this year if we do get into a more difficult macro climate? 
Barbara Larson: Thanks for the question, Keith. From a margin perspective in Q1, the overperformance we saw there was really around the timing of certain expenses and those pushing out to later in the year, which is why you see us holding our full year guide. It's still really early in the year. And then in terms of levers, hiring is always going to be a lever for us. We continue to hire, but we're continuing to monitor the environment around us. 
 We're remaining confident in terms of the long-term opportunity we have ahead of us and that these type of environments could provide us with an opportunity to really leverage our brand, our strategic positioning and our model. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Scott Berg from Needham & Company. 
Scott Berg: I guess given the environment that you're seeing right now and some of the deals that are moving around for whatever the reasons are, have you changed your strategy around investing on the go-to-market side this year? Is there anything there that maybe helped you one way or the other on a positive or maybe less positive framework? 
Aneel Bhusri: Chano? 
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Scott. Yes. Thank you, Scott, for your question. As we said, we remain very confident on the long-term opportunity. We are certainly going to be cautiously monitoring the environment. We are confident as well on our sales strategy from a go-to-market perspective, but we will be fine-tuning that one as the situation is evolving and as the year is moving on either in terms of the investments that it requires or either in terms of balancing investments from one area of weakness to one area that we may perceive we have more strength and energy during this environment. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Raimo Lenschow from Barclays. 
Raimo Lenschow: I'm looking forward to more than HR system eventually. The question and Chano on -- if you look -- if the commentary is it's not macro-related, then you kind of had a kind of odd quarter in terms of sales execution because it looks like you got very unlucky in terms of how the different deals came together. Is there anything you're learning from -- when you did the root cause analysis you're learning from what happened this quarter? And does it kind of also maybe trigger for you like an approach to go kind of break down deals into smaller sizes, get it more sold by product, et cetera? 
Chano Fernandez: Great question, Raimo, and thank you for becoming our customer. Thank you for your partnership. All right. When some of the deals are because of C-level executive changes, there is not much we can do about it in terms of anticipating some of those. We certainly are here to partner with our customers on a long-term basis, and we want to ensure that they have the confidence, the new executives, in terms of the overall implementations on the program and plans. And that's what we're doing going through them with this [ high cost ]. 
 In terms of our ability to split or break those deals into smaller ones, we feel that on some of these, the value of the solution is really when it applies to the whole customer base or the customers. So clearly, our medium enterprise motion is thriving, Raimo, and that is giving much more stability to having smaller deal components that will -- a better outcome overall in terms of the business out there. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Brent Thill from Jefferies. 
Brent Thill: Many are asking your confidence in getting these deals closed in the back half of the year when I think many economists are expecting the macro to even get even a little bit stiffer in terms of the headwinds. What's giving you that confidence that these are going to push beyond from what you can tell right now? 
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. We've -- this is not our first rodeo through a downturn. I can go back to -- Dave and I weather a lot of storms at PeopleSoft. Chano has weathered a lot of storms. As long as you have the right value proposition -- we weathered the storm in '08-'09, which is about the worst economic environment I've ever seen. And while demand was somewhat suppressed during the first period of COVID, we weathered that storm, too. 
 And so we'll just figure out a way. Our products are not choices. I mean you have to have world-class HR, financial, ERP systems to run your business. And so I think demand goes forward. And there'll be some companies that are cautious, and we just need to figure out where to spend our sales cycles. 
Chano Fernandez: If I may add, Aneel. Brent, when we are talking on some of these large deals, it's not that we're talking those many. So what we are doing is to continue to feel, to continue to work these deals through our sales process. And we're staying very, very close to our prospects. And what we are hearing directly from them is that these transformation projects remain strategic, a priority and are going to happen. So that's what's keeping me confident. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mark Marcon from Baird. 
Mark Marcon: You mentioned before that this isn't your first rodeo. And you've seen this before, and I recall you going through this before. For those who haven't been through it before, can you talk a little bit about the deals that get pushed out, like how does that unfold in terms of them getting back on track, getting on schedule? How quickly does it typically take for this kind of short-term dislocation to ameliorate? 
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I would say the first thing is this Q1, so there's no forcing function to close deals on the customer's behalf for Q1. We'll know a lot more over the next 3 quarters. We'll know a lot more -- I know it's not a great answer, but we'll know a lot more coming out of Q4 what real demand was like. 
 When I look back at the COVID environment, it took 1 to 2 quarters before people got their arms around that environment, and then they kind of went back to business. I suspect the same thing will happen here. It's going to take a little bit of time for companies to get their arms around the new environment, and then they'll get back to business. And I frankly think this new environment is not going to be as traumatic as COVID was. That, at least from my perspective, was a lot more challenging. 
 Chano, you want to add anything? 
Chano Fernandez: That's fine. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mark Moerdler from Bernstein Research. 
Mark Moerdler: I'd like to ask on the macro issues. Specifically, are you seeing any impact? Or is there any effect on the results -- reported results from FX? Are you seeing any issues either in pressure on salaries or ability to hire due to inflation pressure in the U.S.? 
Barbara Larson: I'll take that one, Mark. In terms of FX, we actively hedge our balance sheet subscription revenue as well as certain expenses. In Q1, there was some impact due to FX, but it wasn't material given our hedging program. And then on the inflation perspective in terms of cost, it definitely continues to be a very competitive market for talent. But based on our strong hiring over the last couple of quarters, we feel really good about our ability to attract and retain talent globally. 
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. That would actually be stronger on the second part, which is the funding environment for start-ups, early stage companies, if you're watching that market, has really dried up. And there's always a return to quality and stability during these environments. We have this Boomerang program where we're actually recruiting people who might have left in the last couple of years and gone to a start-up, now that start-up doesn't look so good. And we've been pretty successful in getting people actually back to the company. 
Operator: Our final question today is coming from Matt Pfau from William Blair. 
Matthew Pfau: To follow up on that commentary around the start-ups and the funding environment drying up, how are you feeling about potentially making some acquisitions with valuations coming in? There's specifically been a lot of funding over the past 2 years in the HR software space. Anything that's interesting out there for you to plug into your platform? 
Aneel Bhusri: There are a lot of things that are interesting, but I can't really talk about our M&A strategy in detail other than to say that we're always going to be looking for companies that have a great product, a great team, cutting-edge technology. But we're not looking for those massive transformational acquisitions that bet the ranch. That's not who we are. 
 So when we look at the last couple of years, whether it's VNDLY or a Peakon or Adaptive, to the extent we can find those kinds of situations, or Scout, we will continue to pursue those. And maybe in this environment, they're more cost-effective acquisitions. But we're not looking at some of the bigger ones that have really dropped in price. 
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-02-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. During the Q&A, please limit your questions to one. With that, I will now hand it over to Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Justin Furby: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Workday's fourth quarter fiscal 2022 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri and Chano Fernandez, our Co-CEOs; Barbara Larson, our CFO; and Pete Schlampp, our Chief Strategy Officer. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those related to the impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and global economic conditions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 2022 annual report on Form 10-K for additional information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Also, the customers' page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our first quarter fiscal 2023 quiet period begins on April 16, 2022. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2021. With that, I will hand the call over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Justin, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter fiscal year 2022 earnings call. Before we begin, I want to spend a moment acknowledging the current situation in the Ukraine. Our thoughts are with all of those who are personally impacted by the devastating situation, including Workday contractors in Ukraine, Workmates across the western region in Europe and families of military personnel who have been deployed in the region. Turning now to our business results. I'm pleased to report that Workday delivered an exceptional fourth quarter, which helped us achieve the fastest growth in full year new ACV bookings in over five years. This acceleration in our business, along with our relentless focus on employees, customers and innovation, is serving as a strong foundation for driving durable growth on our path to $10 billion in revenues and beyond. Our business success is enabling us to attract talent at a pace we have never seen before and is allowing us to continue to expand and support new customers across our broad suite of solutions aimed at the CHRO and CFO. Indeed, we now serve more than 60 million total users across 9,500 organizations, including more than 4,100 core HCM and finance customers. As our customer community continues to expand, so does our opportunity to serve them in more strategic ways. As Chano will soon share, we closed several significant transactions within our customer base sales team in Q4. Our continued commitment to our customer success is also reflected in our industry-leading gross retention rate of over 95%. Additionally, we are seeing customers increase their engagement and usage of our applications as evidenced by the over 440 billion transactions processed within Workday in fiscal year 2022, which is an increase of 67% over the previous year. Altogether, we now work with over 50% of the Fortune 500 and over 25% of the Global 2000. Before I turn it over to Chano, who will share more on our go-to-market success; and Barbara Larson, our new CFO, who will provide specifics on our rate growth outlook for fiscal year 2023, I'd like to share some fourth quarter highlights. First, momentum for our human capital management suite remains strong as organizations continue to transition their HR operations to the cloud. In Q4, we saw a healthy demand across all HCM product areas driven by our ability to attract new customers while strengthening and deepening our relationships with existing ones. New customers in Q4 included Allied Financial, DICK'S Sporting Goods, National Australia Bank Limited, RiteAid Corporation, Smith Hill Foods and 7-Eleven, to name a few, notable HCM go-lives in Q4 included Evonik Industries, Anheuser-Busch InBev and Wells Fargo Bank as we continue to have over 70% of our HCM customers in production. Switching over to our financial management applications, Q4 was another solid quarter with several marquee wins, including Genpact Limited, Mass General Brigham, University of Melbourne and U.S. Bank. During the quarter, we doubled the number of add-on core financial management wins when compared to the same period a year ago and had several customers go live, including Bright Horizons Children Centers, Sharp Healthcare and SS&C Technologies. In addition to the strong growth from our core finance application, we saw continued momentum from our expanding suite of products that support the office of the CFO, including planning, analytics and spend management, where our strategic sourcing solution experienced roughly 50% new ACV growth and our procure-to-pay solution grew even faster. We continue to see very healthy attach rates for spend management solutions within our financial customers, illustrating health finances increasingly partnering with their procurement peers, drive visibility and bottom line impact for the single solution. As we head into fiscal year 2023, we are confident in the opportunity we have in front of us and our ability to execute on our growth initiatives on our path to $10 billion in revenues. As such, we expect fiscal year 2023 to be another strong year for us. Lastly, I'd like to share a couple of updates related to Workday's Board of Directors. First, Tom Bogan, who most recently served as Vice Chairman of Corporate Development, retired from Workday on January 31st. And while we're excited for Tom and his well-deserved retirement, we are thrilled to announce that he has joined our Board. Tom came to Workday in 2018 as part of the Adaptive Insights acquisition, a company he led as CEO for nearly four years. During his time at Workday, Tom has been a trusted adviser, a true culture champion and passionate leader who embodies Workday's values. We are fortunate that he will now lend his expertise and guidance to help us capitalize on new opportunities for the business and work to accelerate future growth. The second update I want to share is that Dave Duffield, my mentor, best friend and Workday's Co-Founder and former CEO and Chairman, has stepped down from our Board of Directors. I will now carry the honorary title of CEO Emeritus. While Dave will no longer be on the board, he remains our largest shareholder and will continue to provide his invaluable counsel as an adviser of Workday. When Dave and I started Workday nearly 17 years ago, our goal was to build a lasting multigenerational company with employees at the center and relentless focus on customer service and innovation. We wanted to have fun along the way. The growth we've experienced this past year in the face of a challenging macro environment has only solidified my belief in the foundation that we have built, thanks to the amazing group of employees and leaders who embraces our values and are committed to delivering the industry's best products and customer experience. I will end by saying that I'm quite optimistic about our future. With that, I'll turn it over to our co-CEO, Chano Fernandez. Over to you, Chano.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Aneel, and thank you to everyone for joining today. I want to start off by acknowledging the more than 15,200 Workmates across the globe, who helped drive our incredibly strong finish to the year. Amazing job. I can't wait to see what we accomplish together in FY 2023. I'm also looking forward to safely spending time with many of you this week at our sales kickoff here in Las Vegas, where we are taking great care to follow the safety measures in accordance with the CDC and local authority guidelines. As Aneel mentioned, we delivered an exceptional Q4 and growth reacceleration driven by a strong execution and healthy demand across solutions and regions. Our performance in North America was a standout, and we had another solid quarter internationally, where Asia Pacific markets such as Australia and New Zealand were a highlight, in addition to healthy growth in key EMEA market such as Germany. We had a solid quarter of landing net new core HCM and FINS customers, including several Fortune 500 and Global 2000 companies, along with healthy activity in the medium enterprise. Our expanding portfolio of landing solutions also experienced significant momentum, including Peakon, Workday Strategic Sourcing and Planning where new customers included Tony's Healthcare, Plastic Omnium and At Home Stores. And we couldn't be more excited to add VNDLY to our portfolio of strategic landing solution. Even though it's early, we're already seeing the results with Q4 wins including RSM, Leonardo UK and Guild Mortgage, among others. In addition to strength from our net new teams, our customer base sales teams drove outstanding performance across both add-on and renewals, once again demonstrating the strategic nature of our platform. Customer base expansions in Q4 included U.S. Bank who purchased core FINS, Accounting Center, Prism and Extend; FIS who purchased Workforce Planning, Extend and Canadian UK payroll; and Merck, BP, International and Advocate Aurora Health, who all added Extend. In Q4, we also expanded our relationship with Accenture, who is deploying Peakon to gain a real-time post on its employee base to help power its global talent strategy. As strategic partners of ours, Accenture is applying its innovation in this area to drive engagement and deep employee-related insights for our mutual customers. From an industry lens, we continue to see our differentiated value proposition winning in the market. In financial services, for example, we closed several strategic deals in Q4, including core FINS win at the aforementioned U.S. Bank, Junior Mutual and Pam Mutual Life Insurance; and core HCM wins at National Australia Bank, Allied Financial and Autoplot [ph] Group. In addition, we expanded our footprint with several financial services customers this quarter, including Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Kemper and Western Union. Industry-specific investments such as Accounting Center, along with our deep industry knowledge and our rapidly expanding reference base of customers, which now includes more than 70% of the financial services companies in the Fortune 500, are all key to our success. And it's not just the innovation we are driving that is enabling our success, but also that of our partners, such as PwC, who created a solution for multidimensional part planning and profitability by leveraging Workday Financials, Extend, Accounting Center, Prism and Adaptive Planning. Our partners are key to our industry approach, and we're excited by the innovation happening across our ecosystem. We enter FY 2023 with healthy pipelines and clear momentum in our business. In order to capitalize on that momentum, we plan to continue making significant investments within our go-to-market and service and support team with key focus areas, including customer base, international industry and emerging land motion, all of which are important growth vectors in achieving our goal of sustaining 20% plus subscription growth well into the future. Part of this investment involves strengthening our leadership team as we continue to scale, to which I'm pleased to welcome Patrick Blair as our newly appointed President of the Americas. Patrick brings more than 25 years of enterprise software sales experience and not only is a proven leader, but he's a great person and a tremendous fit into the organization. I couldn't be more happy to have him join that and the team to lead our largest market. With that, I'm now pleased to hand it over to our newly minted CFO and a cool start within the Workday organization, Barbara Larson. Barbara, over to you.
Barbara Larson: Thanks, Chano. I appreciate the kind words. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I look forward to working with all of you over the coming quarters and years, and I'm thrilled to be joining Aneel, Chano and Pete today to update you on our progress. I joined Workday seven years ago and have witnessed unbelievable growth in the company over that time. One observation I'd make is that our market position has never been stronger, and the broad-based momentum that we saw across the business in Q4 serves as a great validation of that. Now let's turn to our results. Subscription revenue was $1.23 billion in Q4, representing year-over-year growth of 22%. For the full year, subscription revenue was $4.55 billion, growth of 20%. Professional services revenue was $147 million for Q4 and $592 million for the full year. Fourth quarter revenue outside of the U.S. was $348 million, representing 25% of total revenue. 24-month backlog at the end of the fourth quarter was $7.98 billion, growth of 22%. The strong result was driven by new bookings outperformance and continued strength in renewals with growth and net retention rate over 95% and 100%, respectively. Total subscription revenue backlog was $12.81 billion, growth of 27%. Our non-GAAP operating income for the fourth quarter was $237 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 17.2%. As expected, our non-GAAP operating margin declined from last quarter driven by an accelerated pace of hiring, the rollout of our previously mentioned cash-based performance bonus and other growth investments made across the business, including the recent VNDLY acquisition. For the year, non-GAAP operating income was a record $1.15 billion or 22.4% of total revenue, showcasing the strength of our business model. Operating cash flow for Q4 was $615 million, bringing our full year operating cash flow to $1.65 billion, growth of 30%. Record cash flow results were driven by solid operating income performance as well as strong cash collections throughout the year. Our largest investments continue to be in our people and attracting top talent to Workday. We successfully added and integrated roughly 1,000 net new employees in Q4, including over 140 from VNDLY, ending the year with more than 15,200 employees, growth of 21% and in line with our hiring aspirations when we entered FY 2022. The record hiring is a testament to our culture, our global brand and the significant growth opportunity that we have ahead. Overall, we are very pleased with the strong company-wide execution in our seasonally most important quarter. Turning now to guidance, we are encouraged by the significant momentum in our business, and we're optimistic that the environment will remain robust throughout FY 2023 as organizations continue to prioritize and invest in their strategic finance and HR transformation initiatives. With that context, we now expect FY 2023 subscription revenue to be in the range of $5.53 billion to $5.55 billion, representing 22% year-over-year growth. For the first quarter of FY 2023, we expect subscription revenue to be between $1.263 billion and $1.265 billion, representing 23% year-over-year growth at the high end. We expect subscription revenue to increase sequentially by approximately 7% in Q2 and approximately 5.5% in Q3 and Q4. We expect the 24-month backlog to grow approximately 22% in Q1 of FY 2023. We are expecting professional services revenue to be approximately $160 million in Q1 and $650 million for the full year. We will continue our tight alignment with our growing partner ecosystem to help ensure customers have successful implementations that support the highest levels of customer satisfaction and business value. From a margin standpoint, since the onset of COVID, we have demonstrated the scalability inherent in our model. As we've discussed, however, investing for growth remains our number one priority. In FY 2023, we plan to continue hiring across the company at a rapid pace with a focus on sales and products. We are also expecting a return to travel and in-person events. And as we have discussed, we've rolled out a performance-based cash bonus program across the company. Given this ramped level of investment and taking into account our increased revenue outlook, we are raising our FY 2023 non-GAAP operating margin guidance to 18.5%. Investing for growth remains our focus, and we will continuously evaluate gross margin trade-off. But we're currently expecting to resume margin expansion in FY 2024 and have continued confidence in reaching 25% margin at $10 billion in revenue. We estimate non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 19% in Q1 and expect a normal seasonal sequential decline in Q2 as we invest in our people through our annual compensation process. The GAAP margins for the first quarter and the full year are expected to be approximately 28 and 24 percentage points lower, respectively, than the non-GAAP margin. The FY 2023 non-GAAP tax rate remains at 19%. We expect operating cash flow in FY 2023 to be approximately $1.65 billion, flat from record levels in FY 2022, driven by the ramp in growth investments, the corresponding decrease in margins and an estimated $80 million onetime tax payment related to the expected transfer of acquired intellectual property. We expect capital expenditures of roughly $475 million in FY 2023 to support continued business expansion and phased return to office with investments across our existing facilities, corporate IT infrastructure and customer data centers. This includes opportunistic data center investment that was previously planned for FY 2024 as we manage the supply chain and plan for future growth. And finally, I'll close by thanking our amazing employees, customers and partners for their continued support and hard work, which allowed us to deliver exceptional results during yet another unprecedented year. We are more confident than ever in our long-term opportunity ahead. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Kash Rangan: Hi, thank you very much. What a finish to the fiscal year. Several metrics to that, but Aneel, I'm just curious to get your take, the number of transactions in fiscal 2022, up 67%. Your total subscription backlog, if I heard you right, was up 27%. And you're now close to 70% of Fortune 500. And I think the number was about 50% not too long ago, it's clearly an acceleration in your reported results and you're calling for acceleration in fiscal 2023. As you look at this, what is the best way to look at your longer-term targets? Are we tracking even quicker towards the longer-term target, just at a very high level? Thank you so much.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you for the question, Kash. This was a phenomenal year, the fastest growth we've had in several years from a new ACV bookings perspective. I first want to thank the team, Doug Robinson and Chano, for driving great results. I also think comes back to existing customer satisfaction and a growing product line. And that combination with the innovation that we're building into these products, I think, is really driving that growth. Also, I think for anybody that was going through the pandemic and was still on-premise, its really tough to run your business with those kind of applications and so as difficult as the pandemic was, I do think it was a forcing function to move to the cloud for the ability to run your business remotely or at least in a hybrid manner, and we benefited from that. And I also think the competitive landscape continues to be positive for Workday. So very optimistic going forward and we'll see where it goes, but we're very optimistic going forward. Chano, anything to add?
Chano Fernandez: Nothing to add, Aneel. Maybe the only clarification, Kash, the 70% is of the Fortune 500 within the financial services vertical. But we still, of course, have a great market share north of 55% on the growth Fortune 500.
Aneel Bhusri: And Kash, when we say the transactions were up 67%, to me, that's just awesome. That means the customers are really using our product and getting value from our products. So while our growth rate revenue-wise is not 67%, the transaction numbers just say that people are  our customers are getting value from using the system and growing a lot faster than we are.
Kash Rangan: Wonderful. Congratulations. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your questions.
Kirk Materne: Yeah, thanks very much. I'll echo the congrats on a nice end of the fiscal year. Chano, I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit more about the international opportunity as you look out to calendar 2022, fiscal 2023. Just where do you think you are in, say, APAC and EMEA in terms of getting into those bigger sort of core FINS deals or HCM? It's obviously a little bit more wide open for you all outside the U.S. So can you just give us an update on international and kind of what your plans are for the go-to-market in that area this year? Thanks.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Kirk. We saw a noticeable improvement on our international markets this last fiscal year, and we see great continued momentum, which is reflecting on the pipeline in FY 2023. We have a healthy growth across regions with significant wins at companies such as National Australia Bank, GenPact and the University of Melbourne, Power Leisure, among others. I would say as new customer base grows internationally, we are adding sales capacity in our customer-based teams internationally as well. And finally, Peakon has also helped open new customers and opportunities for us, and they had a really strong quarter in EMEA landing new customers. But just as a reminder, Kirk, international remains one of the largest opportunity for us, and we're really in the early innings of the journey but still having a great foundation and proof point with many referenceable customers across HCM and Financials at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Mark Murphy: Yeah, thank you very much and I'll add my congrats on a great finish to the year. I wanted to ask you about the procurement opportunity because, Aneel, I believe you mentioned 50% new ACV growth in Strategic Sourcing. And I think you said it was faster growth in procure-to-pay. So I'm curious if there is any extra type of tailwind on the procurement side due to reopening or anything else and just whether those results increase your conviction to try to invest more aggressively into procurement as a major focus area.
Aneel Bhusri: Well  so Mark, I'd first say, we're going to continue to invest aggressively on the procurement side. It's a big market opportunity. Our products are strong, but there are gaps that we still need to fill. I think the growth rate was attributable both to the interest in that space, but also the attach to financials, there's just a lot of companies that want to buy finance and procurement together from one vendor in a unified way. So people that want to buy best-of-breed or if they want to buy them a unified way and in the cloud, we are a great solution. And I think that's becoming more and more the case. So I think I would attribute a lot of that success to that unified view between procurement and finance, which historically worked close together anyways.
Mark Murphy: Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Chano or Doug, do you want to add anything?
Chano Fernandez: Well said, Aneel.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Excellent, thank you guys for taking the question and congratulations on a great end to FY 2022. I wanted to talk about the increase of the subscription revenue guide. Up in that subscription revenue guide by 2 percentage points is no small feat when you're talking about a revenue base as big as what you guys have and the momentum necessary to make those changes in such a big subscription base. Can you talk to us about what happened in Q4 that gave you guys the confidence to up the revenue guide in that fashion? And then on the backlog side of the equation, at the beginning of last year, we were talking about expiry base and how that was a headwind to growth on the 24-month backlog as you guys talked about a couple of percentage points. Does that become a tailwind now as we start to anniversary that? And can you talk to us about where does that tailwind  if it does exist, where do we see that? And how long into the year would that persist? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: I'm going to make one very quick comment and hand it over to Chano. I would just say that we wouldn't up the guidance the way we did if it was just based on Q4. It was a super strong year throughout, Q1 to Q4. Every quarter was better than our plans. And so as we think about the future, I'm going to turn it over to Chano, but we would never up guidance just on one quarter.
Keith Weiss: Got it.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Aneel, and thank you for your question  sorry, Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Go ahead, Chano.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you for your question, Keith. I'll make a comment and then hand it over to Barbara. I think it's  first of all, it's the investments we've been doing from a go-to-market and product perspective. They're paying off with undeniable, let's say, positive trend that COVID is creating within the back office and the relevance of the solutions we bring to the market. The pipeline momentum that we have been seeing for several quarters now, Keith, continued in Q4. So we enter FY 2023 with healthy growth in pipeline. I would say this across both net new and customer base and also HCM and Financials. So healthy pipelines combined with favorable growth rates that we've been seeing is what is giving us the confidence and the momentum that we're seeing in the market. But Barbara anything to add?
Barbara Larson: Yes. I'll just round it out with an answer to your question on backlog. So as both Aneel and Chano mentioned, we've got significant momentum entering FY 2023, and you see that reflected in our backlog guide for Q1. With respect to renewals, specifically, as we've said, we are expecting to return to a more normalized rate of growth for our renewal base in FY 2023. So therefore, that headwind that we faced over the last year to 24 months backlog does go away this year.
Keith Weiss: Got it. Would it be correct to think of it as a tailwind now? Or is it just kind of neutral and it's just a normalized operating environment?
Barbara Larson: It's best to think it's neutral, and it's kind of more of a normalized growth rate this year.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Great quarter guys. Thanks so much.
Barbara Larson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Turrin with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Turrin: Hey, there. Thank you and congrats from me as well. Maybe one on margin. You set the stage for some of the impacts there a few months back. You're already bringing targets up there as well for fiscal 2023. You mentioned still some moving pieces with return to travel. We know it's a tight labor market. So maybe if you just add some more around what gives the confidence to bring those targets up here? And any additional color or commentary around the pace of hiring is also appreciated. Thank you.
Barbara Larson: Yes. Absolutely. I'll give you some specifics on the margins. So we are planning to add more headcount this year than we did last year, again, with a focus on sales and product. If you think about hiring last year, it was weighted more towards the back half of the year. We've got that hiring engine ramped now, and we expect to add headcount relatively evenly throughout the rest of the year this year. We also are planning to layer back some of the costs back into the business. So return to office, travel, the in-person events, we're all here together today sitting at SKO. And then finally, just a reminder that our company-wide bonus program did roll out in Q4, and this has a full year impact of approximately 300 basis points in FY 2023.
Aneel Bhusri: But if I were to start with the headline, the headline is our higher growth rate does cover some of it. And let's just start with that, that the higher growth rate gives us more ability to drive a higher margin in addition to everything that offset Barbara said.
Michael Turrin: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Sills with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Sills: Oh, great. I'll echo the congratulations on a really nice quarter, guys. And thanks for taking the question. Just one on verticals. I know this has been a big focus. And certainly for FINS and for ERP financials, it's not a one size fits all. Are there any industries where you're further along here are ones that we should expect to become more incremental contributors from here? Obviously, financials is a key one. You've got a lot of success there. Are there others like that where you can get to the kind of penetration you've seen in the near term? Thank you so much.
Aneel Bhusri: Chano, do you want to take that?
Chano Fernandez: I'm happy to take it. Hi Brad, hope all is well. Clearly, financial services, and I think a very important and relevant as well, the core FINS win with accounting center and the rest of solutions from U.S. bank and some of the great customers going live within our financials vertical and what we mentioned in that 70%-plus of the Fortune 500 financial services companies being already customers. Healthcare as well outperforming Q4, Brad, including strategic wins at companies like [indiscernible] and WellStar Health and several others. I commented on my remark notes as well Extend solution in customers like Advocate Aurora and some others expanding our portfolio. Higher education that we've been mentioning, and we have some significant momentum, including as well some go-lives and some more customers joining our student solution as a whole. Last but not least, I think you are aware, this year, we will start with our authority to operate in the spring within the federal market, and that is more a long term one. So you should not expect significant impact this year. But clearly, you should expect that it will be a growth vector for us going forward.
Brad Sills: Great to hear. Thanks, Chano.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Zukin with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Strecker Backe: Hi. This is Strecker Backe on for Alex. Thanks for taking our questions. So when we talk to partners, there just seems to be an ever-increasing focus on the FINS side of the business. So can you talk about that FINS pipeline some more and then if you have seen or expect to see any bottlenecks related to a tougher hiring environment or tighter labor environment for the SIs? And then just a quick second one, does your guidance assume any increased conservatism coming out of Europe given the situation between Russia and Ukraine? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: On the finance side and then I'll turn over to Chano. On the finance side, we feel very good where we are product-wise. I think the SIs are ready. Finance, definitely, the function took a hit during COVID because we were viewed as longer-term projects, but those projects are coming back online very quickly. It's not back to pre-COVID days, but it's coming back, and that's a very positive data point for us. And candidly, as it relates to finance, it really just is a two-horse race between us and Oracle, and there's plenty of room for both of us. Oracle is doing well. We're doing well. As the market comes back, there's a huge growth opportunity for both of us. And Chano, do you want to talk about Europe?
Chano Fernandez: Yes. I would comment on the partners and talk about Europe. I mean we are focused on ensuring that we don't have any bottlenecks on the partners in our ecosystem, and we feel good where we are. As a matter of fact, I'm having some discussions with partners this week, and it is quite exciting kind of the investments that they're planning within their finance programs. So that's great to see. Not sure what was the question regarding Europe was, I think, was more a macro one, if I understood correctly.
Barbara Larson: Yes. It was related to the guidance. I can go ahead and answer that. We haven't built in any increased conservatism as a result of the geopolitical environment right now.
Strecker Backe: Thank you very much.
Barbara Larson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Bracelin with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Bracelin: Thanks for taking the question here. And good afternoon. Aneel, you had me at the fastest growth in new ACV bookings in five years. Wanted to walk through and drill down into the why now. Appreciate Doug's commentary around this big opportunity to sell into the installed base. Is that really resonating? Or are there other industry factors, be it labor shortages, driving a need to invest more in HCM and/or just a return to office that's also contributing to the acceleration here in new ACV bookings? Any color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Honestly, you kind of answered the question. It's all of the above. I talked to so many CEOs during COVID who just wanted to know how their employees were doing and their engagement levels. Peakon has been a great acquisition that way, everything about comp, everything about engagement, retention, everything. And if they had a legacy system, they were struggling. And so that was a driver on the HR side. And we're returning back to work, all the things you mentioned matter. I'm going to  I'd like to answer it, but at the end of the day, it was Chano and Doug that really drove this great success over the three years. So I want to turn it over to Chano to give you his perspective.
Chano Fernandez: Perfect. I think you provided a great context, Aneel. If I may add, I believe there are undeniable market trends in our favor, the ones you mentioned: a significant amount of digital transformation happening across many businesses, in all industries. And we're truly the backbone to enable those transformations and really the only cloud-first solution doing so across HCM/finance, legacy systems that are built for the always of doing business and can support current business models and business agility. Aneel mentioned they need to engage better with employees. They're changing workforce and skills understanding. So just to name a few, these are all C levels and CEO discussions that we're having, and frankly, we are really well positioned to provide solutions to those challenges and partner and help our customers to transform.
Brent Bracelin: Helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thanks so much, and congrats, not only on the strong result but the breadth across geos, products, various segments, installed base and new ACV, I mean, it really sounds like a strong finish. And I know we've touched on verticals a few times in the call, and you've featured financial services, you called out retail as particularly strong in your press release. We've picked up strong things happening in education and SLED more broadly in other verticals. And I'd just be curious if maybe you can comment on some of the verticals and opportunities that we might be talking about a year from now and things that might be brewing and maybe even some of the concerns around service-based industries: hospitality, leisure, travel, the extent to which they are bouncing back. Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: I'll comment on higher ed and government, and then I'll let Chano talk about the future. But we've had a commitment to higher ed and state local government, not since we started the company, but not too far afterwards. That was a big focus of Dave's as it relates to higher ed, and a lot of the state and local stuff are intertwined with higher ed. So we continue to be very strong there. That was our first industry/vertical we went after. And as the student system that we're building gains more functionality, it's becoming more accessible to larger and larger universities. It's a great solution for a university. You buy the higher  you buy the student system and you get HR and finance along with that. And in the case of public sector, state local government, we have worked to build all their unique rules into the products. So you see it in cities, you see it in states quickly adopting Workday. So that is a market  that's probably our first vertical before financial services. And then Chano can talk about what comes next.
Chano Fernandez: Yes. I think what comes next is, I mentioned before the federal government. It remains as the large on-premise for  opportunity for HR and financials application, and we see really a great opportunity there to provide cloud solutions for a significant portion of the market. I mentioned before an authority to operate coming only spring game. I think you should also think about on the core services verticals because the wins that we have like in U.S. bank now and core financials and the momentum we see in the pipeline, hopefully, that will keep progressing, and you see us gaining traction there. And last but not least, Serota, let's say, core services verticals and our core financials and financial task category overall, applying are better. I think our land motions with Planning, Sourcing, Peakon and VNDLY will allow us to even penetrate further on those verticals, even outside of our more natural, let's say, ones where we  they are not  maybe nobody be ready yet to transform core HCM or core financials, but definitely, we'll be ready to land and take advantage of some of the solutions we provide there.
Brad Zelnick: Thanks very much for the color.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take two more questions. Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Thill: Chano, you mentioned healthy activity in medium enterprise. I'm curious if you could elaborate on what you're seeing there.
Chano Fernandez: The medium enterprise has been executing really well for quite some time now. We've been highlighting that one. And we see significant long-term opportunity within this segment, and this continues to be a significant investment focus for us. I think we've done a nice job of tapping into that market and figuring out a way to rightsize the deployment costs with our launch investments, and we are really well positioned with the broader platform solution. So honestly, the team has been doing extremely well, growing significantly fast, and we're excited by the momentum and the pipeline and the investments that we're doing to that market.
Brent Thill: And was there  as a quick follow-up, was there any follow-up on what you're seeing with planning uptake? I know that's been one of your stronger growth areas. Any color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Chano Fernandez: Yes. Planning, as you know, is a core focus for us as part of our FINS+ approach. That has been again a solution that has benefited from the trends out of COVID, and we're pretty happy how we are doing regarding planning overall and the referenceable customers we do have. And we do have more investments coming on to that solution as part of our land motion and some more sales specialists just supporting those go-to-market efforts, particularly this year and going forward.
Brent Thill: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you. Thanks for squeezing me. And congrats from me as well. Chano, I wanted to go back to a question I asked last quarter already and there  it's about the evolution of pipeline. Can you talk a little bit of what you're seeing there? Because if it all plays out well, then actually this quarter, the partner should have built more for the next year. And I guess, the increase in guidance showed the confidence as well. But then also how do we have to think about the increase in CapEx, where you pull forward '24 spending into next year? That all seems to suggest that the post-pandemic build-out of the pipeline and changes in the pipeline and continues there. But maybe a couple of words on that one. And congrats from me as well. Thank you.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Raimo. I think the way to think about the pipeline is that there is good momentum, as I said, that has been building during the last few quarters, and we also saw that in Q4. And I think it's broad-based. It's across net new. And Aneel mentioned some of the results in Q4 with the extraordinary performance of that team. It's around customer base. It's around HCM, financials. From a regions perspective, we see it balance as well in North America, but also the rest of the world. So I think that's the way we look at it and the right way to think about it going forward. So it's now more a question turning on to the execution and that the investments we are doing within the new go-to-market and sales folks that are joining, really enabling them properly to properly position the value proposition and keep our conversion ratios as we've been performing within the last  this last FY 2022.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This will conclude Workday's fourth quarter FY 2022 earnings call. Thank you again for joining us.

===== 2022 Q3  (2021-11-18 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. During the Q&A, please limit your questions to one. With that, I will now hand it over to Mr. Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Justin Furby: Thank you, Operator. Welcome to Workday's Third Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri and Chano Fernandez, our co - CEOs, Robynne Sisco, our co-President and CFO, and Pete Schlampp, our Chief Strategy Officer. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations, and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including those related to the impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and global economic conditions.  Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 2021 annual report on Form 10-K and most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for additional information on risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for, or in isolation from GAAP results.  You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the investor relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our Company website under the investor relations link. Also, the customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our fourth quarter quiet period begins on January 16, 2022. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2021. With that, I'll hand the call over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Justin. And good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our third quarter fiscal year '22 earnings call. I'm pleased to report that Workday had another strong quarter. As we highlighted at our Analyst Day in September, we continue to expand our addressable market with a broadening product portfolio and multiple go-to-market levers to drive sustainable growth on our path to $10 billion and beyond. As we've discussed throughout this year, our expectation has been for accelerating growth. While not every expectation comes to fruition, this one certainly has even faster than we expected. And we are optimistic on the momentum we see as we head into our all-important Q4 and prepare for a great year in fiscal year '23, Robynne will provide more details shortly, but we are pleased to provide a preliminary view of 20% subscription revenue growth for next year.  And with continued execution, we'd like to see opportunity grow even faster. Before I hand it off to Chano to provide details on our go-to-market success in Q3, I want to quickly touch on the highlights from the quarter. Starting out with our industry leading Workday HCM products, we had another strong quarter as we continue to attract new customers and also having strong success growing our relationship with our existing customers. In Q3, we added AS The Stores, Ltd., ConocoPhillips, Northern Trust, Toll Brothers, and Vishay Electronic, among many other new HCM customers [Indiscernible] lives in Q3 included the State of Iowa and Five Below to name a few. In addition to the strong growth from core HCM, our recently acquired Pecan Solutions, newly named Workday Pecan Employee Voice delivered another record quarter.  We're seeing the benefits having recently rolled-out Pecan globally across our own organization and we couldn't be more excited about the long-term potential to help our customers better listen to and engage with their own employees. We also continue to see strong traction across our financial management suite of applications. Our growing product portfolio, combined with digital acceleration in the office of the CFO is driving broader adoption of our financial management applications. To that end, new workday financial management customers in Q3 includes the City of Philadelphia, the World Health Organization, Wind Trust, Memorial Health Care, and Diversified Restaurant Group.  Of course, one of the big drivers behind our continued strong customer adoption is our relentless focus on innovation by staying at the forefront of large trends that are circular drivers of future growth. One trend that has been accelerated by the demands of the pandemic is the future of work, which requires new ways of thinking about workforce composition and how to manage different types of workers. We expect to accelerate our efforts in this area with the proposed acquisition of VNDLY, a leading next-generation cloud-based vendor management solution platform. Workday and VNDLY together will deliver a comprehensive total workforce optimization solution that brings an integrated approach to managing all types of workers.  We'll help customers bridge the gap between internal and external workforce management while enabling a holistic workforce strategy that delivers full visibility into entire workforce and managing and planning for labor needs, while also helping to control compliance and security risks. We look forward to expanding our efforts in this area, and we'll share more information after the deal closes, which we expect to occur in our fourth quarter. Looking ahead to fiscal year '23 and beyond, we have an amazing growth opportunity in front of us, and we see unique opportunity to accelerate our path forward by further ensuring that our purpose, strategic vision, and pride roadmap are in lockstep with our go-to-market strategy.  To help us do that, we've announced a series of important organizational updates. The first 2 in late October and 2 more today that I'm excited to share with you. To help chart and further articulate Workday's strategic vision, Pete Schlampp has been appointed as our first ever Chief Strategy Officer. Pete has successfully led our industry-leading product organization for the past 2 years. During that time, he implemented a robust product portfolio strategy that's contributed to our current momentum, both in terms of delivered innovation and financial success. His ability to set a strategic vision and execute makes him the perfect fit for this new role, overseeing and evangelizing our growth strategy going forward. Second, we are creating tighter alignment across our product and technology organizations under the leadership of Sayan Chakraborty, who is now EVP of Product and Technology.  Under Sayan's leadership the past 2 years, the technology team has infused Workday with game changing innovations like machine learning, enable customers and partners to innovate in our platform with Workday Extend, build strategic cloud partnerships, and helps ensure that Workdays amongst the most reliable, scalable, and secure platforms in the industry. His long and successful track record in delivering industry-leading innovations, along with his deep understanding of customer needs, makes him the ideal leader to map out our combined product and technology path going forward. And earlier today, we announced a couple of more changes. First, we're pleased to share that Doug Robinson, EVP of Global Sales, as we promoted to co-president of Workday. Doug will serve as co-president alongside Robynne Sisco. As co-president, Doug will continue to lead our global sales organization, but also take on an expanded leadership role across the Company, helping to spearhead cross-functional initiatives that will hope Workday reach new heights.  And finally, we're also happy to share that Barbara Larson, SVP of accounting, tax and treasury, is being promoted to Chief Financial Officer effective February first of next year, reporting to Robynne. The transition of the CFO role from Robynne to Barbara is part of Workday 's strategic succession planning, an approach that focuses on developing leaders from within. Barbara has been a rising star since joining Workday more than 7 years ago. During the time, she has held several leadership positions across our finance and product organizations, providing her with the right foundation to step into the CFO role and lead our finance organization into the future. With Barbara's move to CFO, Robynne will now focus more on her Co-President responsibilities. This will include an increased emphasis on engaging with some of our most strategic FINS customers and prospects to increase Workday's footprint within the office of the CFO, in addition to continuing to lead her current organization.  It's an exciting time to be at Workday and we're looking forward to the impact Pete, Sayan, Barbara, Doug, and Robynne will continue to make as we all strive to aspire a brighter Workday for all. As I look ahead, my optimism for Workday's future couldn't be higher. We have a great team in place and a significant global opportunity in front of us as companies continue to embark on their HR and finance transformation journeys. With that, I'll turn it over to our Co-CEO, Chano Fernandez. Over to you, Chano.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you Aneel and thank you to everyone for joining us today. I want to start by offering my congratulations to Pete, Sayan, Barbara and Doug. You're all amazing leaders and fantastic colleagues who have worked tirelessly to push us forward as a Company, and your promotions to these roles is incredibly well deserved. As Aneel mentioned, we delivered a solid Q3, driven by a strong execution combined with healthy demand for financials and HCN solutions. The strong conversion rates that we experienced in the first half of the year continued in Q3, driving net new business acceleration that once again outpace our expectations. In addition, our pipeline generation remained very healthy, setting us up incredibly well to achieve our full-year acceleration targets and providing incremental confidence in our goal of sustaining 20% plus subscription revenue growth on our path to $10 billion in revenue.  Strength in Q3 was once again broad-based with solid growth in landing new core HR and FINS customers. Performance in North America remained strong across the large enterprise, while the medium enterprise and international markets both drove significant outperformance. EMEA was a highlight with outstanding results in the UK, Spain, and Switzerland. In addition to solid performance from our land sales team, the momentum within our customer base team continued in Q3, driving continued strength in net revenue retention. We once again saw a very strong renewal performance and our customer base team drove strength, cross selling a number of solutions aimed at the CHRO and CFO, including coffins, learning people analytics, planning and spend management.  We were also excited by the strength that we saw with Peakon, which has been part of Workday now for a couple of quarters and which drove record performance, including the signing of its largest ever deal. Customer base expansions with Peakon in Q3 included Banco Santander, [Indiscernible] North America, a new Peakon first customer, including Holland & Barrett and S3. [Indiscernible] had another fantastic quarter with wins Bristol Myers Squibb, Carbonell Health [Indiscernible] stores and U.S. Foods. Not only does the extensibility of our platform help us go deeper with our customers, but it also allows us to engage our partner ecosystem in very [Indiscernible] ways.  A great example of this is through our partnership with [Indiscernible] who built an emissions planning model in Workday adaptive planning to address critical sustainability objectives related to carbon reduction for governments in Asia-Pacific. This ESG solution has global applicability and is one of several examples of partners adding their IP to enhance the value of the Workday platform. Our industry approach is winning the market and strengthening our government vertical was one of the many highlights in Q3. As Aneel mentioned, we were selected by the City of Philadelphia for financial management in addition to planning [Indiscernible], spend management, and several other solutions.  We also signed platform HCM FINS deals with the City of Worcester, Massachusetts and the county of Mobile, Alabama. And we had wins across a number of other states, city, and local governments, both in the U.S. and internationally. Successes such as this highlight the importance of taking an industry approach. And we expect to continue to make significant investments across key industries from both a product and go-to-market standpoint. As we've discussed throughout this year, we're investing aggressively in our go-to-market effort. And we made continued progress on this front in Q3 adding global sales capacity across both our [Indiscernible] and customer base teams. We're also accelerating our investment across key brand marketing initiatives.  These investments, which we expect will continue in Q4 and into FY23, our focus on sustaining 20% plus subscription revenue growth. In closing, I would like to thank the more than 14,200 global workmates who have enabled us to drive such strong Q3 and year-to-date results. We are very well positioned as we enter all important fourth quarter. And we have our eyes set on record pipeline generation targets, as we look to lay the foundation for a strong FY23. And now I will turn it over to our Co-President and CFO, Robynne Sisco. Over to you, Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Chano and good afternoon, everyone. First, I'd like to say that I could not be more excited about the leadership changes and I'm incredibly proud to share the President title with Doug and to pass the CFO mantel to Barbara. I look forward to continuing to partner with both of them. As Aneel and Chano mentioned, we reported a strong third quarter, once again accelerating subscription revenue growth as organizations across the globe look to Workday as their strategic partner in driving their HR and finance digital transformations. Subscription revenue in Q3 was $1.17 billion, up 21% year-over-year, driven by healthy new business sales and strong customer renewals with gross retention, once again, over 95%. Professional services revenue was $156 million, resulting in total revenue of $1.33 billion.  Revenue outside the U.S. was $336 million, up 23% year-over-year, and representing 25% of the total. 24 months backlog at the end of the third quarter was $7.12 billion growth of 20%. Total subscription revenue backlog was $10.97 billion, up 24%. Our non-GAAP operating income for the third quarter was $332 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 25%. Margin over achievement was driven by a combination of top-line outperformance, some favorable expense variances, and significantly more back-end loaded hiring in the quarter than we anticipated. Operating cash flow in Q3 was $385 million, growth of 31%, driven by the margin strength combined with very strong collections.  Our largest investments continue to be in our people and then attracting top talent to Workday. In the third quarter, we meaningfully ramped up the pace of hiring, successfully adding and integrating approximately 800 net new employees, bringing our total employee count to over 14,200 at the end of Q3. Overall, we're extremely pleased with our results and execution in Q3, and we're very well positioned as we enter our final quarter of the year. Turning now to guidance. Based on our strong Q3 and the continued momentum we're seeing in our business, we are raising our FY '22 outlook and providing Q4 guidance as follows. For subscription revenue, we're raising our full-year estimate to be in the range of $4.533 billion to $4.535 billion, approximately 20% growth.  For Q4, we expect subscription revenue of $1.216 billion to $1.218 billion, 21% growth. And we project 24-month backlog growth of 19.5%. We still expect professional services revenue to be $590 million in FY22 with $145 million in Q4 as we continue to prioritize driving the highest levels of customer success. Based on our Q3 outperformance, we now expect full-year FY2022 non-GAAP operating margins of 22%. For Q4, we estimate non-GAAP operating margins of 16% as we continue the pace of hiring and growth investments and begin our new performance cash bonus program in Q4. The GAAP operating margin is expected to be lower than the non-GAAP operating margins by approximately 24 percentage points in Q4 and for the full year. We are updating our FY22 guidance for operating cash flow to $1.65 billion, growth of 30% and we still expect $270 million of other capital investments in FY2022 to support our customer growth and continued business expansion.  While we are early in our FY23 planning cycle and have an important Q4 to close, we'd like to provide a preliminary and high-level view of FY23. We currently expect subscription revenue of approximately $5.44 billion, growth of 20% year-over-year. We expect subscription revenue in Q1 of FY23 to increase approximately 2.5% sequentially from Q4, FY22. As we shared in our recent Analyst Day, we are focused on driving sustainable subscription revenue growth of 20% or higher on our path to $10 billion in revenue. Given the strength of our market position and the accelerating trends we see across HR and finance digital transformation, we expect to increase the pace of our top-line focused investments.  Taking into account these investments, our expectation of COVID -related cost-savings saving out, and the full-year impact of our new bonus program, we continue to expect FY23 non-GAAP operating margins of 18%. Investing for growth will remain our focus and we'll continuously evaluate gross margin trade-offs. But we currently expect to resume margin expansion after next year, putting us on a path to reach 25% margins at $10 billion in revenue. I'll close by thanking our amazing employees, customers, and partners for their continued support and hard work. With that, I will turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instruction] Please limit yourself to one question. One moment while we poll for questions. Our first question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. You may proceed with your question.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much and congrats on the quarter and congrats to everyone on their promotions. Aneel and Chano, first of all, thank you all for the preliminary look ahead to fiscal '23, but Aneel and Chano, could you just talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in the pipeline today that gives you confidence in that 20% plus outlook for subscription revenue growth? Just curious if it's the volume of deals you're seeing in the pipeline pick up, the size of deals, and maybe if you could just add a little color on the core financial opportunities as well, that'd be great. Thanks so much.
Aneel Bhusri: Chano?
Chano Fernandez: Yeah. And Kirk, thanks for your question. I think not only did we see a strengthening in Q3 new business, but the pipeline momentum that we have described the last several quarters continued as well, with the strength, I would say, across regions and solutions as well. And I think it's a much more balanced and predictable pipeline when compared to a few years ago, as our product portfolio has expanded, and as we have seen really healthy momentum across both motions, landing and expanding. So, we have our sights set on another record pipeline quarter in Q4 to help lay out the foundation for a solid FY23 and beyond. The trends, we're seeing our pipeline support our view that the momentum in the business is sustainable and support our goal of sustaining 20% plus subscription revenue growth. In terms of core things, it was really a contributor to the strong quarter. We have both core fins on the fins last category as a whole, Kirk.
Kirk Materne: That's great. I guess just a quick follow-up for Robynne. Robynne, is the 24-month backlog number still being weighed down by a lower renewal cohort and can you just remind us of what that is and maybe when that normalizes, if that's still playing out right now?
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, Kirk. So, as you recall, coming into this year, we discussed a couple point headwind to 24-month backlog growth this entire year, stemming from the flattish renewal base that we saw coming into the year. For the most part, that's played out as we thought, although our really strong renewal rate s throughout the year have somewhat offset that dynamic to give us the results that we've been reporting to-date on this front. When we look ahead to FY23, we are expecting to return to a more normalized rate of growth in the renewal base and therefore, expect that that headwind goes away.
Kirk Materne: Super. Thanks so much. Congrats.
Operator: Our next question comes from the comes from the line of Kash Regan with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed with your question.
Kash Regan: Hi. Thank you very much. It's great to see how you promote internal talent, starting with the -- Doug, it's a very long list, and it's great that you were able to create the next generation of management, including Chano, and Barbara, and Robynne, etc. And my question has to do with net new ACV back to the base. We've been on it for two years, and there's no stopping of any -- no slowing down of momentum in that business aspect. Can you talk, either Chano or Aneel, about the opportunities ahead? As the product portfolio continues to build -- And you still keep adding new customers, but again, the bass opportunity continues to be vibrant. Can you just expand a little bit more about how you plan to make it even more of a focus going forward? Thank you so much, and congrats on a very strong quarter.
Aneel Bhusri: I might just touch on the new products and Chano can touch on the go-to-market piece. I think one of the great things we have had, both through internal development and through acquisition, most recently Peakon, and now Bentley, are products that we can sell back to our really broad-based financial HR customer base. And on the finance side, we do the same thing with Scout. And we hope to do that with Zimit, and planning's been across both product lines. That really has changed the game. We have these really powerful add-on products that are best-in-class, that are attractive to customers and maybe Chano can talk about how we're doing that.
Chano Fernandez: Yeah, thank you Kash, and thank you, Aneel. I think the value proposition of the innovation and the solutions that Sayan and Pete and the team are building is just fantastic, and I would say it's no single solution is the one driving the momentum, Kash. It is really broad base strength across the full portfolio of HR and financial solutions. And I think that drove strengths as well in the renewal rates and our customer base, which I believe it speaks to how strategic we are for our customers. So, we are expecting this momentum to continue, and we share with you on our Analyst Day that 10 billion opportunity that we see in our customer base and of course, expanding as we keep adding more customers. And we keep planning to keep adding some of the investments that we're doing across go-to-market, Kash, those going to customer base obviously, and as we've been highlighting, we are planning to strengthen for next year the land motions, clearly of solutions around Pico, and work the extra resourcing planning, and credibility, going forward as well. So, we are pretty excited by the opportunity ahead on the customer base.
Kash Regan: Bravo. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. You may proceed with your question.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Thank you very much. And I'll add my congrats to everyone who is taking on a new role, Doug, Barbara, Pete, and Sayan. Much deserved. I wanted to ask Robynne, I'm looking at the sequential change in the 24 months subscription backlog for Q3. It's actually a bigger number than we've seen the last couple of years. So, I'm just curious if what we're seeing is the conversion of that pipeline build that, I think you've said was starting maybe 9 to 12 months ago as you expected or are you seeing something that's converting faster or in period from Peakon or other products, or is it maybe something else that's driving that sequential strength?
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, Mark. I will just point out a few things even though we really are seeing strength across all of our business in multiple different ways but the few things that I'll call out is our conversion rates have remained on the higher side. And so that has certainly helped us convert more pipeline. We also, as we strengthen our sales motion on some of our acquired companies are products that we can sell independently; those tend to have shorter cycles and so we're seeing an impact there as well. And then lastly, we just have seen really strong renewals. Really strong renewals had uplift to those renewals and so that has really helped us with sequential growth in backlog as well.
Mark Murphy: Okay, so three different legs to the stool. Thank you, Robynne. And then just a very quick follow-up. You had announced a major new HCM logos. I think Aneel commented on ConocoPhillips, their trusted Toll Brothers, big companies. Any comments on who the incumbents were and just trying to -- You said the pipeline generation remained healthy. Should we infer that you see pretty strong indications among the Fortune 500 for Q4?
Chano Fernandez: I would say on your first question within [Indiscernible] where usually 80% of those are coming from our main two legacy competitors, and is no difference here, Mark. To your question on the pipeline expecting into Q4, I would just say that there is good strong pipeline, great momentum. Usually some of the largest logos tend to lean in our largest quarter, which is Q4.
Mark Murphy: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed with your question.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thank you so much and I echo my congratulations as well on a strong performance in Q3. I wanted to follow up on Kirk's question on backlog and the flat renewal cohort this year and just how we should think about the growth in what's due to renew which Robynne, I know you characterized as being more normal. But even if not numerically, and I know the more exciting part of that equation is what you're going to -- the growth that you're able to add onto these renewal opportunities and expand them. But how should we think about the typical up-sell cadence, meaning how often might you see customers [Indiscernible] new modules and new features and capabilities when they're made available, maybe intracycle versus upon renewal. Like is the renewal itself more often than not the time that you'll see them expand versus co-terming mid-term. Thank you.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah. We're seeing that dynamic shifts a little, Brad, over the years as we focused more on building the customer-base team. They're having continuous conversations with those customers outside of the renewal cycle, so where if you go back several years, I think 3 to 4 years, most of the add-on business came during the renewal cycle, and we've really seen that change with the investments and the back-to-base go-to-market. And now those conversations are continual. So, we're seeing a lot less add-on just in the renewal cycle and more add-ons just as products become available or as customers need shift. But the renewal is still a great opportunity to engage in a conversation with those customers. So, it's still as an opportunity for us to sell, but less dependent on that renewal cycle to actually get add-on business. And I don't know, Chano, do you have anything you would add to that from a go-to-market side?
Chano Fernandez: That's exactly the dynamics we've been seeing and the shift we've been serving during these last few years. So, it's less depending on those renewals cycles when customers are on adding new solutions.
Brad Zelnick: Thank you. If I could maybe sneak in one quick follow-up for you, Robynne. Seeing the growth and total backlog exceeding that of 20 months for a month backlog, we actually had picked up from partners, just in general, beyond even Workday, customers looking to go longer and longer duration in anticipation of inflation and price increases. Just curious if you have any comments on duration that you're seeing from maybe commercial accounts, I know government tend to do larger deals. What, if anything, is there to comment on duration? Thank you.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, you're absolutely right that when the total backlog growth exceeds the 24 months, it's because we've seen durations lengthen and we've seen this fairly consistently over the last several quarters, and even the last several years, where the total outpaces the 24 months so I do think that there is a trend there of inking larger contracts, but they do tend to move around by industry and by customer and as we've said before, we are happy to have a contract length that our customers are comfortable with. We won't do 1 under 3 years but any anything above that, we really leave to them. So, it's not something that we manage to, but we're certainly happy when customers want to commit to us for longer periods of time.
Brad Zelnick: Awesome. Thank you again.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Sills with Bank of America. You may proceed with your question.
Brad Sills: Great. Thanks, guys. And I'll echo the congratulations on a nice Q3. I wanted to ask a question about just the general environment of the office of HR. It would seem that with the great resignation and a difficult hiring environment that you'd see an increased focus on digital transformation projects for more productivity in general for HR. So, I'm curious if that is manifesting in your pipeline, not just for core HR -- core HCM, but the productivity tools like learning, analytics, recruiting, Peakon. Is that reflected in your pipeline? Do you think that's something that might be coming based on what you're hearing in the office of HR? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Pete, you want to take that one up?
Pete Schlampp: Yeah. I think your question is spot on. What we are seeing, the trends towards, as you said, spurred by the great resignation happening with the pandemic. All of those things are generating trends that we're seeing in demand from our customers for our products like learning. I would also put -- I'd also call out our talent optimization skew, which is composed of the career hub and the talent marketplace to allow employees to move within the Company learning, as I said before. And also, I'll also mention the VNDLY intend to acquire that we announced today as well, which allows companies to be able to flex their workforce based upon these talent demands. So, we're definitely seeing that from a demand standpoint from our customers. And we've had great quarters -- a great quarter this last quarter as well with all those products.
Brad Sills: Yeah. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of DJ Hynes with Canaccord. You may proceed with your question.
Dj Hynes: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Maybe I could build off Pete's comments that you brought up VNDLY, so it seems like a god segue to ask a question there. The product seems to be kind of a crossover between HR and finance. So, can you talk a little bit about where the buying center resides there and really what the pain point is? How would organizations typically manage that process if they didn't have a platform like VNDLY?
Pete Schlampp: I'll start with the buying center. The buying center is -- has traditionally been in the procurement space but has more recently been trending towards the HR space. So actually, that was a great fit for us because we sell to both of those buyers. And it really, for us, looked like a nice piece of the puzzle between our human capital management, our financial management, and our spend management solutions. Traditionally, this has been solved -- the better management of systems have been around for a while. VNDLY is really a second-generation cloud-based vendor management system. Great focus on the user experience configurability. And the one thing I will also mention there is that it is deployed by Enterprises, but also about 50% of time deployed by managed service providers. And VNDLY happens to have a great relationship with managed service providers as well. And we see that as a channel for us to continue to use as we go forward.
Dj Hynes: Yeah. Okay. Makes sense. And then Robynne, maybe a follow-up for you. I think coming into this year, we had talked about those new bookings acceleration this year leading to faster subscription growth next year. With the updated guide and view of next year, we're at 20% and 20%, and I realize it's a preliminary view of next year and any good preliminary view embeds some conservatism, but is it fair to assume that if Q4 ends up how you're planning, we could still see subscription acceleration next year?
Robynne Sisco: Yeah. DJ. We certainly see upside from the 20%. But to your point, Q4 is going to be a really important quarter for us in shaping the subscription revenue next year. So, we're really focused on executing against Q4, and we'll have a new look for all of you on the next earnings call when we see how we've close Q4.
Dj Hynes: Yes. Of course. Makes perfect sense. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Turits with Wells Fargo Securities. You may proceed with your question.
Michael Turits: Hey, there. Thanks. Good afternoon. Appreciate you taking the question. You mentioned 800 net new hires during the quarter. Is there any further commentary you can add just on the pace of hiring into Q4? Are you finding able to stay on pace with that 2500 target to start off the year? And is there any difference between U.S. and international there to call out? Thank you.
Robynne Sisco: And we were super pleased with the hiring in the quarter. We've been really ramping our recruiting engine and our process throughout the year. It honestly took us a little longer than we had hoped given the market when we came into the year. But we're really excited to make such great progress in Q3, and it's certainly our hope and our goal to actually have similar hiring in Q4, so that we can get really close to that 2500 net new employees for the whole year. It's a challenging market, but we feel like we've got the momentum to do that and so we're really focused on executing.
Michael Turits: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Reback with Stifel. You may proceed with your question.
Brad Reback: Great. Thanks very much. Robynne, as we think about the renewal pool returning towards its normal growth cadence next year, is that linear over the course of the year or will that be somewhat more back -end loaded, understanding that 4Q always has seasonality, but just that year-over-year growth opportunity.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, Brad, that's a really hard thing to predict because one of the things that we're seeing, one dynamic we're seeing as we have more add-on business outside renewal cycle is renewals moving around quarter-to-quarter. So, if somebody wants to add on several products, their renewal's 2 quarters away, it's highly likely that are just going to do an early renewal and wrap it all-in. So, we don't see anything unusual and any one quarter that I would call out, but it is a dynamic that's fairly difficult for us to predict, and we do expect some variation quarter-to-quarter. But overall, in terms of looking at the whole year, we're excited to return to a normal growth rate and obviously seeing the headwind that we faced this year.
Brad Reback: That's great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Bracelin with Piper Sandler. You may proceed with your question.
Brent Bracelin: Good afternoon and thank you. I wanted to go back to the '22 outlook and guide up here. I know you guys were clearly optimistic at the September Analyst Day, but if I just rewind nine months ago, I think you entered the year guiding to 16% subscription growth. You've now had two quarters of accelerating subscription growth, and you're raising the outlook for next year. It's a pretty big change in 9 months. Is the story here driving the optimism for next year all about the $10 billion cross-sell in the base? Or are there other factors that are really driving kind of the optimism here in the business? And I know some optimism to a couple of months ago but love to kind of understand the pace of change that you've seen here this year and momentum that your kind of looking forward to next year. Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I said the pandemic was a once in a lifetime event and in many ways, quite a bit obviously sad and negative. On the business side, it did change everything. Whether it's the shift to remote work or hybrid work, or as you look at the broader base of contingent workers and the great resignation as you call it. And I think what it forces d customers to do was to look at their platforms and say, are we ready for this new world? And in many cases, they weren't. And we were fortunate that the way that we built our cloud products and the solutions we have are a perfect fit for where the world is headed, and I think we're benefiting from that.  And increasingly in a labor constrained world, what we're doing with Peakon, what we're doing with VNDLY, what we're doing with our own products in terms of helping people optimize their human capital is huge. And also, during the pandemic we saw a lot of big financial projects being put on hold, and now those are slowly coming back. So, there's optimism that even more of the financial products are going to be coming back -- financial projects should be coming back next year.
Brent Bracelin: As you think about the role of competition here, do you think you're in a better position to gain share next year based on the moves that you've made here and that's part of the optimism, or do you think this is more of a broader industry recovery that you're expecting next year? That's all I had. Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: I think it's both. At the end of the day, we started out with 0 customers and our main competition had thousands of customers. So, every customer we've gotten has been at a competitor's expense. And we've now passed 50% market share on the HCM side of the Fortune 500. We're getting that same kind of momentum in financials. And I do think it's coming at the expense of what I would consider to still be legacy competitors. I don't think they've quite yet fully made the transition to the cloud.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Jefferies. You may proceed with your question.
Brent Thill: Thanks. I was wondering if you could just drill a little bit in the planning, and I think last quarter you mentioned 50% ACV growth. Any stat or any update there? And just directionally, it seems like with all the supply chain concerns, there's a tremendous opportunity for you to help a lot of companies out at this point. Any color around that business would be greatly appreciated.
Chano Fernandez: Planning continues to be a very meaningful growth driver for us. A lot of the bigger components [Indiscernible] and the acceleration we're seeing this quarter. While we you do not call out the specific growth rate this time, our momentum remains very strong. We feel really good how we are competing and winning in this market. And despite all the strength we have seen in planning over the last couple of years, we have significant long-term opportunity. We shared at our Analyst Day, only about 30% of our customers having attached financial planning, and about 10% attached work force planning. So, we have a lot of opportunity ahead.
Brent Thill: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take two more questions. Our next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with UBS. You may proceed with your question.
Karl Keirstead: Thank you. Maybe a couple for Robynne. Robynne, maybe you could elaborate on the 24-month backlog guide for 4Q. Really strong number, but it's a similar growth rate to 3Q, yet it's a 2-point easier compare. Anything else on your mind as you thought through the inputs to that 4Q guide.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah. I would just say that we're really pleased to be providing the preliminary view of 20% sub revenue growth for FY23. But keep in mind to achieve that, we need to sustain healthy bookings growth, which we fully expect to do in Q4. Backlog is going to move around; it's not a perfect measure for several reasons, including the renewal headwind this year. But we feel really good about the momentum in our business and in our outlook. And we certainly would hope to overachieve the backlog guide, but we'll have to see how Q4 goes.
Karl Keirstead: Okay, that sounds good. And then as a follow-up, congrats on a couple of what looks like relatively small acquisitions. Maybe I missed it, but Robynne, any financial impact from these 2 deals once they close that we should keep in mind with respect to either revs or margins or backlog to call out or immaterial?
Robynne Sisco: Yeah. These companies are both really early in their growth cycles and therefore, really minimal impact on our revenue guides for next year. We do, however, expect those to be high-growth markets. And so, we're therefore planning on investing in those spaces to support the growth opportunity and all those incremental investments, as well as transaction costs for VNDLY and existing expense basis for both have all been captured and our margin guidance for both Q4 and FY23.
Karl Keirstead: Got it. I figured that was the case. Thanks for the answers, Robynne.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derrick Wood with Cowen and Co. You may proceed with your question.
Derrick Wood: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Some companies have talked about more accentuated summer seasonality. Just curious how linearity track for you in Q3. And then you keep hearing how Q4 is such an important quarter. Any color on linearity there and just any anecdotes to give around what you're seeing in terms of larger enterprise opportunities as you head into the end of the year?
Aneel Bhusri: Chano.
Chano Fernandez: We haven't seen any particular shifts in terms of linearity. I mean, it was good, strong quarter. I mean, clearly, our first month is August. Usually, is more quiet, but it was good and solid if I compare it to last year and two years ago. I think we had a good September, overall, but I wouldn't say nothing, no special call out there. In Q4 -- I mean, there are always very large deals. In this case, in the pipeline, for both, I would say HCM on financials, and of course, there is a solid pipeline across a very deep number, different solutions, geographies and on the whole portfolio, on volume business across medium enterprise and customer base that we get the ability. But clearly for us that delivering a good, solid quarter is keeping with the same conversion ratios and execution on the great large opportunities that are lined up for Q4. So, we're excited about them, but of course we have to execute up on them and basically do as the teams know that they can do.
Derrick Wood: If I could squeeze one more in. You talked about how you're pleased with your own hiring, even though it's a tough market. I want to ask about how you're feeling about your partners and how well staffed they are and to support your accelerating growth, and if you see any reason for them to be having any constraints on their own staffing?
Chano Fernandez: Yeah, can answer that one. We're pleased how the partners are progressing. They added around 800 resources to the ecosystem in Q3, and they continue to be ramping up new resources during Q4. So, we feel very happy as well how much they are investing on training and ramping up its resources at the CV opportunity. I will just remind to all of you that they keep deploying around 80% plus of our solution portfolio. We clearly are doing much more with [Indiscernible]. I mentioned this example of the ESC solution around planning for public sector basically in the Asia-Pacific region that I think is one that they can be deployed globally. So, the relationships we're building with our partners these days is -- beyond implementation, is building out new solutions on [Indiscernible] jointly, and they keep re-investing for most of the larger size where they say out of the top three kind of strategic practices, so we're pleased how they're doing, and they keep investing within Workday's future together.
Derrick Wood: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for your participation on today's conference. This will conclude Workday's third quarter fiscal year 2022 earnings call. Thank you again for joining us today. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2022 Q2  (2021-08-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call.  I will now hand it over to Mr. Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Justin Furby: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Workdays Second Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri and Chano Fernandez, our Co-CEOs; Robynne Sisco, our President and CFO; and Pete Schlampp, our Executive Vice President of Product Development. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operation and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those related to the impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and global economic conditions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 2021 annual report on Form 10-K and most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for additional information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workdays performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earns press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Also, the Customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our third quarter quiet period begins on October 16, 2021. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2021.  With that, I will hand the call over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Justin, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our second quarter fiscal year 2022 earnings call. Im pleased to report that Q2 is one of our strongest quarters in company history. When combined with Q1, this was the best first half of the year in terms of ACV growth in over three years. We came into the year expecting our business to accelerate but the pace of digital acceleration across HR and finance is exceeding even our own expectations. Our leadership position continues to strengthen driven by a broadening of our product portfolio and exceptional execution. The growing Workday customer community now includes 55 million users and 50% of the Fortune 500 of which approximately 90% are live on Workday. Chano will share more shortly on our go-to-market success and Robynne will provide specifics in our raised growth outlook for the second half of the year. But let me share first some of the highlights from Q2. Lets start with Workday ACM. Our position as an innovator and market leader with our differentiated suite of products has never been stronger. We continue to attract new customers and many of our current customers continue to grow their investments with us. In Q2, we welcomed CVS Health, Iberdrola, Mayo Management Services, California Pizza Kitchen and Heidelberg Cement AG to the Workday family along with many other new ACM customers. While these new wins are very important us to, we remain equally focused on delivering excellent service for our current customers and that includes delivering on our commitments to them. Amongst the many go lives of Q2, I would like to highlight Harman International Industries, BJs Wholesale Club and Old Dominion. In addition to the strong growth from core ACM, this was our first full quarter with Peakon. Im pleased to report we got off to a great start delivering the largest quarter in Peakon history with early success selling back into our install base, a true testament for the incredible Peakon product and even better Peakon team. We also continue to see strong traction for our financial management suite of applications. We believe that a combination of our expanded set of offerings including planning, spend management, and accounting center and the acceleration of digital transformations by the office of the CFO are collectively driving broader adoption of our finance offerings. In fact, the highlight in Q2 was nearly 50% ACV growth in the Workday adaptive planning business, showcasing their strategy of meeting customers where they are continues to drive significant success. In addition, we continue to see momentum build in our core financial deployments. New core financial customers in Q2 include Cinemark U.S.A., University of Wisconsin System and Wise Markets. Notable core friends go-lives included the University of Southern California, KeyBanc North America and Fox Corporation. Moving on to the innovation front, we are focused on broadening our platform and extending our product capabilities to create additional levers for long-term growth. As a recent example, and to continue seizing on the great opportunity we have internationally, this quarter we announced our intention to deliver Workday Payroll for Australia and Germany. As you know, our country-specific payrolls are very compelling to customers, and were excited to deliver these solutions as levers of growth for these markets. We also recently announced that Workday has achieved ready status for the Federal Risk and Authorization Management program, or FedRAMP, at a moderate impact level with full authority to operate estimated for spring 2022. With this achievement we materially advance our position to help federal agencies accelerate digital transformation in order to help them modernize their business systems and gain real-time insights to critical challenges across their organizations. Switching to the people front, we continue to invest heavily in our company culture to sustain our belief that happy employees deliver the highest levels of satisfaction to our great customers. On that note, starting in Q4 this year, well be extending a cash bonus plan companywide to further ensure our people feel valued, motivated, and properly recognized. Robynne will update you later on our margin expectations for the back half of the year. This is a direct reflection of our business momentum and the confidence we have in our work makes to grow the business to $10 billion in revenues and beyond. With our outstanding first half of fiscal year 2022, we are seeing acceleration in our business. As I look ahead, my optimism for Workdays future couldnt be higher. We have a great team in place and a significant global opportunity in front of us as companies continue to embark on their HR and finance transformation journeys.  With that, Ill turn it over to our co-CEO Chano Fernandez. Over to you, Chano.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Aneel, and thank you to everyone for joining us today. As Aneel mentioned, we had a fantastic Q2, driven by very strong execution, which combined with a rapidly improving demand environment for enterprise management cloud solutions, is causing our menu business to accelerate at an even faster pace than we expected. The strength in Q2 was broad-based, highlighted by large enterprise outperformance and solid growth in landing new core HR and FINS customers. We also saw a strength in landing new customers across our expanding portfolio solutions targeting the office of the CFO and CHRO. For example, our Planning and Workday businesses drove significantly strength in winning new large enterprise customers in Q2, including the largest planning for steel in our history. And we control significant new level of activity in EMEA, providing us a gateway into selling core HCM and FINS solutions over time. In addition to solid performance from our LAN sales team, the momentum weve been seeing with our customer base being also continued in Q2 as companies look to Workday as a trusted and strategic partner. We had another quarter of strong renewed performance, and our customer base growth is strength across a number of solutions such as core FINS, Planning, spend management, health, PEAKON, expense and our talent portfolio. For example, in Planning we signed on deals with Google with one of the worlds largest communication companies and a Fortune 100 distribution company. And in Spend Management we had a number of other wins with companies such as Loan Secures, Mercy Health, CME Group and Ralph Lauren. We also had a number of notable extended customer space wins in the quarter, including a Fortune 100 manufacturer, a Fortune 50 energy company and one of the worlds largest banks. And Peakon isnt just landing new logos. It is a powerful solution to sell back to our customers. We have notable other deals this quarter, including Uptake and PerkinElmer. From a geographic standpoint, our performance was strong globally with North America outperforming across all segments, including significant strength from our large and medium enterprise teams and from industries such as health care and higher education. In international market, EMEA was a standout, driving healthy acceleration in new ACV bookings with particular outperform maintenance in continental Europe, including outstanding performance in France and in Spain. We are seeing improving market dynamics and pipeline momentum across our rest-of-world regions, and we expect those trends to continue as we move into the back half of the year. As weve discussed over the last few quarters, were investing aggressively in our go-to-market exports. Our largest area of headcount investment in the first half of FY 2022 was in sales and marketing, as we added significant new global sales capacity across both our net new and install base teams, including doubling down in international markets. Were also accelerating our spend across key brand and marketing initiatives. These investments, which we expect will continue the second half of the year, are focused on driving growth in FY 2023 and beyond. And were very pleased with the evolution were seeing in our pipeline which again saw solid growth in Q2. In closing, I would like to thank the more than 13,000 global workmen who have enabled us to drive such a strong Q2 on the first half results. Our growth and differentiated suite of solutions is winning in the market, and were incredibly well positioned as we enter the second half of the year. Lets keep the momentum going, and now I will turn it over to our President and CFO, Robynne Sisco. Over to you, Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Chano, and good afternoon, everyone. As Aneel and Chano mentioned, we delivered an incredibly strong Q2, driven by exceptional execution against a rapidly improving market backdrop as organizations accelerate the pace of digital transformation across HR and Finance. Subscription revenue in the second quarter was $1.11 billion, up 20% year-over-year, driven by very strong new business sales, favorable in-quarter linearity and an overperformance on customer renewals with gross retention, once again, over 95%. Professional Services revenue was $147 million, resulting in total revenue of $1.26 billion. Revenue outside the U.S. was $318 million, up 24% year-over-year and representing 25% of the total. Twenty-four-month backlog at the end of the second quarter was $6.88 billion, growth of 19%. Total subscription revenue backlog was $10.58 billion, up 23%. Our non-GAAP operating income for the second quarter was $292 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 23%. Margin overachievement was driven by a combination of top line outperformance and favorable expense variances. Operating cash flow in Q2 was $198 million, growth of 26%. In addition to strong profitability from our core operations, during Q2 we also recognized a nearly $100 million mark-to-market gain from the successful IPO of one of our ventures portfolio companies. We will continue to see mark-to-market adjustments from our equity investments, but we expect gains of this magnitude will be extremely rare. Our larger investments continue to be in our people and in attracting top talent to Workday. In the first half of the year, we successfully added and integrated more than 900 net new employees, bringing our total employee count to over 13,400 at the end of Q2. Weve made important progress towards our full-year target of adding 2,500 employees and expect the pace of hiring to increase throughout the back half of FY 2022. Overall, were extremely pleased with the momentum we saw in Q2, and were very well-positioned as we enter the important back half of the year. Now, turning to guidance. Based on our strong Q2 and the momentum were seeing in our business, we are raising our FY 2022 outlook and providing Q3 guidance as follows: For Subscription revenue, were raising our full-year estimate to be in the range of $4.50 billion to $4.51 billion, 19% growth. For Q3, we expect Subscription revenue of $1.156 billion to $1.158 billion, 20% growth at the high end, and we expect 24-month backlog growth of 19%. We still expect Professional Services revenue to be $590 million in FY 2022 as we continue to prioritize driving the highest levels of customer success. For Q3 we expect Professional Services revenue of $150 million. Investing for growth remains our number 1 priority. In addition to the increased pace of hiring in the back half of FY 2022, we also expect to ramp non-headcount spending with investments specifically targeted at accelerating demand generation, enhancing our market position and advancing our strategic product roadmap. Additionally, the new bonus plan Aneel mentioned will take effect on November 1 and is expected to impact our Q4 margins by approximately 300 basis points. Given that backdrop, we expect non-GAAP operating margins of 21% in Q3, 16% in Q4 and 21% for the full year. The GAAP operating margin is expected to be lower than the non-GAAP margin by approximately 24 percentage points in Q3 and 25 percentage points in Q4 and for the full year. Given our strong performance, we are also raising our FY 2022 operating cash flow guidance to $1.5 billion. We continue to expect $270 million of other capital investments to support our customer growth and continued business expansion. Ill close by thanking our amazing employees, customers and partners for their continued support and hard work. Were off to a very strong start in the first half of the year and our focus remains on driving accelerated bookings growth. We look forward to hosting our virtual analyst day on September 21 where we will share Insights on our strategic innovation and growth initiatives as we look ahead to FY 2023 and beyond. With that, Ill turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, well be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Kirk Materne: Sure. Thanks very much. And congrats on a really good quarter. Great to see the acceleration in ACV growth. Aneel and Chano, I was wondering could you just talk a little bit more about what youve seen over the last six months? I know youre both more upbeat about the pipeline heading into this quarter but when you talk about a quarter of this magnitude from a growth perspective. Could you talk about maybe what happened in the quarter you werent expect whether it was deals coming in at a faster cadence, deal cycles getting shorter, deals growing perhaps the end of the deal meaning more add-ons, more multiproduct deals. I was wondering if you could add just a little bit more color to that. And why do you see that continuing in the back half of the year? What gives you confidence around the pipeline? Thanks?
Aneel Bhusri: Ill make a couple of comments about what I hear from other CEOs then Ill turn it over to Chano. For the most part, CEOs are pretty optimistic about the future of their business. And they also realize they have to jump onboard of digital transformation for both HR and finance. Despite whats been going on with the pandemic, the mind-set is back to business. And, so, we saw that in the pipeline and we saw it in people taking actions. Theyre not sitting on the sidelines anymore. Maybe Chano can add to that.
Chano Fernandez: Hi, Kirk. Hope youre well. I think to unpack a little bit the strength in Q2 was truly broad based, highlighted by solid growth in landing new core HR customers. We have significant strength across the business as we mentioned. But I would call out the large enterprise theme as a key outperformer. There was also a strong performance across regions, particularly with the healthy bounce back in EMEA and continue into Europe. We also saw good dynamic in terms of landing new products within the office of the CFO and splash were good contributors as well. Last, but not least, there was solid performance in our install-based themes and renewal.  So as a whole, it was right across the board very positive and I would just highlight what Aneel said about the acceleration of the digital transformation initiatives coming back to the table and really is coming back across the financials and ACM. That at least is what were seeing as reflected in the pipeline when we look at the second half.
Kirk Materne: I could just have one follow up for Robynne. Robynne, obviously a really impressive quarter across the board. When we look at the CRPO growth of the 24-month backlog, I assume that still has some of that headwind from the expiry base on it. So if were going to apples-to-apples it back, that would probably have been above 20% on this quarter, if we tried to normalize for that. Is that fair? And I assume that expiry base headwind should dissipate a little bit as we go into fiscal 2023. Thanks.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, Kirk. What we discussed last quarter still holds, which is that were seeing an impact of roughly a couple points to the 24-month backlog throughout FY 2022. And youre correct that we dont expect that dynamic in FY 2023 at all. And just as a reminder, this dynamic has no impact on new ACV bookings, subscription revenue or how we run the business. And our focus continues to be on accelerating new our ACV bookings. Were really pleased with our progress on that front, and youre seeing that show up in the backlog growth numbers, even despite the headwinds that we have this year on renewal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Thill: Oh, great. Thanks so much for taking my question, and congratulations on a real nice Q2. I wanted to ask a question that kind of goes back to comments youve made last quarter, Aneel, around really the strategy within it to surround the account, surround the transactional system with some of these peripheral systems. Youre seeing real strength in planning. It sounds like procurement is really ramping. At what point -- is there a potential migration that happens when you have one or two of these modules, theyre running for a year or more? Is there a certain tipping point when you might expect some of those conversions on the core transactional system over time? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, it definitely doesnt hurt to have a combination of HCM, maybe a few financial modules in there. But I think that the more important dynamic is that, as we exit running the businesses for the pandemic and try to run business in a more normalized way, the demand for core financial systems is coming back. And we saw that this quarter. It was a strong quarter for core financial systems. We saw the entry point with planning being up over 50%, as a really strong indicator of what we might see over the next few quarters. So its really -- its more than just one dynamic. Its across the board. So we saw strength in the add-on modules. We also did see strength of core accounting as well. Id like to highlight that accounting center has a really important product for some of the large-volume customers we have out there, in particular in areas like financial services, a product that continues to get great traction and great reviews, just opening up more doors for us for core accounting.
Brent Thill: Thats great to hear. And one more, if I may, please. In the past, about a year ago, you talked about some pandemic headwinds. But then, youve obviously seen those improve. What are you hearing from the office of the HR manager and the office of the CFO in terms of willingness to make investments now in digital transformation, now that were kind of exiting things? Clearly, your results are showing that those prices are coming back in the back office.
Aneel Bhusri: Yeah. I think the mindset for companies that hadnt gone through the transformation was that it was really hard to run their business with the remote workforce or a hybrid workforce, or whatever module they had to go to, without the flexibility and ability to work from home with that could systems like Workday offer. If youre on legacy systems, it was a really hard time. And so, I think folks have said, Hey, even if we are still dealing with some of the issues around the pandemic, we got to get on with it. We got to move on to the modern system. And thats been a real big driver for us.
Brent Thill: Great to hear. Thanks so much, Aneel.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you, guys, for taking the question. And a very nice quarter. A couple of questions kind of -- multi-part question digging into kind of the nature of the strength that you guys have been seeing in this first half of the year. And its really in two parts. One, in terms of -- is what youre seeing just kind of a release of pent-up demand? Like last year was -- your 2020 was very difficult year to get these big enterprise transactions across the line. So Im assuming a lot of it kind of ends up in the pipeline. Or is there more of a combination of sort of pent-up demand and sort of new business coming into the pipe or sort of a new digital transformation initiatives getting an extra boost, given what happened last year. And then similarly, last year one of the real bright spots was how well the upsell motion, the base motion, propped up overall growth for the company. Has that sustained with new business ramping up? Have you been able to keep that good balance of new business in the door, as well as upsell, into FY 2022? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Ill take the first part. I think it is bit of both. Theres no question there was some pent-up demand thats impacted the first half of the year, but I really think the pandemic forced a key change and a change in mindset about how quickly people had to get into the cloud and move into the digital transformation project for HR and Finance. While it might have slowed down last year, I think its picked up, but now I think its going to be that way going forward. Even companies that had waited for a long time are now acting today. So a bit of pent-up demand, but I think more a positive change in the marketplace going forward. Tommy [ph], you want to add to that?
Unidentified Company Representative: I would just say that jointly we have healthy and new global activity. To your question, Keith, were seeing a very solid quarter with significant growth rates on our install base, and it is not just one single solution, right? When you look across accounting center or health or [indiscernible], people analytics, they are all contributing. So the upselling and cross selling, we think a satisfied customer base remains very healthy. So its really building the business, having good momentum on all engines.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Nice job, you guys. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Thank you, and Ill add my congrats. So Robynne, our thinking was that the pipeline inflection that you saw a couple of quarters back would not convert to bookings, really, until later this year and into next year. So just given the upside, did you see a bit faster cycle of pipeline conversion than normal? Or did you kind of still see it lining up relatively more towards year-end?
Robynne Sisco: Yeah. Well as you know, we always have a really important and strong back half of the year, and thats not changing this year. We did have very, very good pipeline conversion rates in Q2 and maybe, Chano, Ill let you comment on that being on the frontline there.
Chano Fernandez: Hi, Mark. Clearly some of the land motions convert faster. The quarterly [indiscernible] seeing or some of the planning or Peakon motions. Those will convert faster than the core HCM and core financials products. But obviously, theres strength coming already from the pipeline that it was built during the second half last year. It has already started to play out and will play out more given the second half this year.
Mark Murphy: Okay. Understood. Thank you. Aneel, a quick follow up for you. I was wondering about the cadence of financing. We know they paused their spending during the pandemic, and now theyve been wanting to accelerate their move to the cloud. Do you think that -- is the part of this remaining consistent where they might pull in some of the projects they had planned in 2024, 2025? Im sort of wondering, with the delta variant headlines in the news, is that going to intensify that or defer that a bit or more of a zero issue from the delta variant?
Aneel Bhusri: Time will tell. Right when we thought we were coming out of the pandemic, we get hit with the delta variant. Its just such a changing, unpredictable world right now. The last data that I saw from Gartner suggested that projects from this year and for some of next year would be pushed out, and projects from 2024 would be pulled into 2023. And I think our pipeline suggests that the pipelines getting better for financials, and it should continue to get better. And I think going into next year more projects will get pulled into next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of c with Canaccord. Please proceed with your question.
DJ Hynes: Hey. Thanks, guys, and congrats on the nice start here for the first half of the year. I wanted to ask about the hiring environment in progress on that front. Two questions. Maybe one for Robynne and one for Chano. So, Robynne, youre at 900 net new employees of I think you said 2,500 targeted. How does this seasonality, right, 35% in the first half, 65% in the second half, compare to kind of internal plans as well as prior years? And then, Chano, just given the headcount ramp expected in the second half, if I gave you 10 new sales reps, how would you allocate them between hunters versus back-to-base reps? And maybe talk about maybe how that might be different than it would have been in a year or two ago?
Robynne Sisco: So on over our overall hiring, DJ, so as you know, we game the year with really, really aggressive hiring plans. I would have hoped it would have been further along than 900 at this point but it took us some time to really ramp the recruiting engine because as you know, we had paused hiring a lot of last year. So we had to get that going. So its not surprising that we are going be back-end loaded. We feel really good about our recruiting engine right now. We feel good that were going to be able to accelerate hiring into the back half of the year and were still targeting those 2,500 hires that we feel good about where we are but maybe a little bit of a slower start than what we had hoped coming into the year.
DJ Hynes: Okay.
Chano Fernandez: DJ, thank God Robynne is more generous than you and not giving me some more headcount that came. If I would be to play out with the team, I would say that the first thing kind of angle I will be looking at geographically, and clearly, were allocating more sales capacity today in international markets where we see a significant opportunity ahead. This is not just for second half this year but clearly its FY 2023 and beyond as well. So that would be first I mention. The second one would be clearly, yes, between the balance between new logo on install base. But also you need to consider we have some of the land first motions across Peakon or planning or the strategic sourcing. So those plays into account as well. We see opportunity clearly across net new logo activity, across install base and some of the land motion. So balance picture across those and clearly with a more pivot investment within our international markets within North America today.
DJ Hynes: Yes. Okay. Perfect. Thats helpful color. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Reback of Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Reback: Great. Thanks very much. If we think about the $1.1 billion of 24-month backlog increase year-over-year, are we at a point now where half of thats from new customers versus growth at existing? Any sort of color on that would be super helpful.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah. Brad, so as you can imagine, the bigger we get and the longer weve been in business, it will shift that backlog component more towards renewals than net new so that shift has been something that has been in process for quite some time. This year is different as we pointed out earlier that we actually have flat renewals year-over-year. And so were getting a little bit more of a proportion towards net new this year but we expect that that trend will reverse again next year as we get back to more normalized renewals growth.
Brad Reback: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Turits with Keybanc. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Turits: Hey, guys. Great. Congrats on the quarter. Very nice. Robynne, its a nice margin beat and a raise on the year. It seems like its more than just revenue upside. And this is despite what it has been very aggressive hiring and lots of discussions of investment. So is this a change at all in your operating philosophy or structure such that youre able to get this margin upside and where accelerating revenue came?
Robynne Sisco: Well, good part of our margin race was the overperformance on the top line. So thats a very big chunk of it. We had some expenses slip from Q2 into the back half of the year, some of our programmatic spend. And as I just mentioned before, we were hoping to do a little faster hiring so we have some savings from that as well. As we look at next year, though, keep in mind that a lot of the hiring were doing this year is going have a full year impact next year. Some of the programs were going to put in place in the back half of this year will roll into next year. We also expect that certain costs will layer back in such as travel, return to office and hopefully in-person events that we can start doing again. Additionally, the bonus program that Aneel talked about with about a 300 basis-point impact on margin, that will continue into next year and beyond. And so, its a performance-based plan, so it could vary with our results. But we expect that impact to remain fairly consistent through next year if we achieve our Targets. Keep in mind though that the impact from the plan on margins will vary over time based on top-line growth, hiring and performance against our goals. So just keep all of those things in mind when you think about longer-term margins.
Michael Turits: Great. Thats really helpful. Thanks. And then sounds like business is going very well. Can you give us some sense of where FINS ACV is coming in relative to HCM ACV?
Robynne Sisco: So we saw growth in both FINS and HCM ACV. And both contributed to overachievement in this year. Both contributed to our guidance raise, and were seeing really strong growth across both of those in our pipeline as well.
Michael Turits: I guess I didnt mean a total. Im not trying to pull that out of you. Im just saying in terms of individual deals, is it coming in at larger levels than HCM for individual customers?
Robynne Sisco: In terms of pricing?
Aneel Bhusri: We are still, in the world of HCM, we sell to absolutely the biggest companies in the world like a CVS health. And in finance, the bigger companies havent yet moved to the cloud, but theyre beginning to. So right now, Id say the average HCM customer at the high end is bigger than the finance customer, but thats changing. And they will equalize over time.
Michael Turits: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Zukin of Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Zukin: Thanks, guys, for taking the question. So I guess one element that seems interesting is there is a lot more of these new land motions around I think you mentioned planning. You mentioned Peakon, spend management. I want to get a better understanding. How much of the bookings is kind of this now coming are from this new land motion? Because it does feel like the opportunity for dollar-based bed expansion or expansion and going back into those customers is going be higher. And so you kind of are opening up this new--its a little bit different than historically when you had such a large land but the upsell was more difficult.
Aneel Bhusri: Yeah. Clearly on the majority of the dollars that, of course, are still coming from the core HCM and the core FINS transformation as a whole. These land motions are clearly what theyre providing is much more significant volume, off-selling particularly on the install base but, as well, getting us into new customers that were expecting to cross sell later on to our core products. But, of course the majority of the ACV is obviously still from the bigger transformation projects.
Alex Zukin: Understood. And then and, Robynne, maybe kind of dovetailing on Michaels question, is it possible to get a little bit more color on some of the tailwinds on margins this year and how to think about them layering out of the model for next year particularly as we get back to some of those pre-COVID go-to-market motions in travel and with the bonus pool?
Robynne Sisco: Yeah. So in addition to my commentary answering Michaels question, I guess the only thing I would add is that we still have six months to go until were into next year. Things like travel, how much it comes back, are still uncertain. So its a little hard to predict right now above and beyond the drivers that I mentioned earlier. But well share more with you on FY 2023 margins at a later date when we get closer and weve closed another quarter or two?
Chano Fernandez: I would add that I do think travel and entertainment budgets, I think those will change going forward even when we get out of the pandemic. Weve just learned how to work smarter without having to have people on-site everywhere. You can do a lot of work from your office or from at home. And then you can concentrate the few trips on really meaningful activities. So and I dont think thats specific to Workday. I think thats specific to a lot of companies that were just used to spending a lot of money on travel that probably will not spend like that again.
Operator: We will now take two more questions. Your next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey. Thank you. Thanks for squeezing me in and congrats from me as well. Chano, can you talk a little bit about the importance of the new payrolls that you announced I think Germany and Australia just in terms of the international buildout. We all agree thats a big opportunity. The question is like, in terms of financial functionality, HR functionality, are you quite there yet, capitalize on that? And then I had one follow up.
Chano Fernandez: Yeah, Raimo, we really understand and acknowledge how important local payrolls are to our strategy and our customers. And if you look at payroll for your money and you know the country well, workforce management over there and the number of manufacturing companies, we are providing them solutions around HCM. Having payroll is of tremendous importance for us to capture a bigger part of the market. I can say the same out of Australia. So this is expansion really into this market. Its very significant and critical to our strategic initiatives that we do have for growth within our international markets, so we feel very good about it. Obviously, its going to take us a couple years to develop those, but even today customers knowing that that is our strategy, we think that is going to open more doors for consideration on some customers that are looking more for a provider [indiscernible] always we can close the loop, as well, in terms of the pay and the workforce management and time tracking and scheduling as a whole. When it comes to financials, we just keep -- been doing an improvements in terms of our international capabilities. I think if you look at some of the analysts, they are highlighting those. Some of the customers, as well. Theyre highlighting those, too, and we just keep becoming stronger in terms of our financials solution from an international perspective in terms of the local regulations, and basically, the localizations that are required. So that, in some cases, right now is highlighted today more as a strength than many other things when some of our customers are becoming Workday customers. Honestly, its also a great point that many are going successfully live in EMEA with our financial solutions, and those are working very nicely and becoming preferential customers for us.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect. Thats very clear. Thank you. And then one follow up. When we talk with the system integrators, they are seeing a lot more activity of people sketching out, mapping out processes, et cetera, which is kind of the first step to towards changing the finance system. What are you seeing there in terms of how quickly those projects are evolving in terms of -- and also showing up for you guys? Are we still in the same pre-pandemic cadence of six to nine months lead time or trying to sketch out what you want to do and how you want to do it, and then doing it, or do you see an acceleration there because people realize theres a little bit more urgency here? Thank you and congrats from me, as well.
Chano Fernandez: Yeah, its a great question. What youre seeing is more projects taking place. That is obvious. As you were saying, some customers are doing what they call kind of a place arrow, which is this mapping of the processes and understanding what would be the future compared with the assays kind of processes that they do have today, and theyre working with the system integrators. But I think those A, are being worked faster because there is more urgency there for transformation being all the things that -- and difficult business that customers have been facing during the pandemic phase. And B, clearly, there are many more projects taking place, as well, around the financial transformation which is gradually improving is what were seeing there as more customers are more to the cloud.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Scott Berg with Needham and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Berg: Hi, everyone. Congrats on the quarter, and thanks for taking my question. So first off, you just announced the company achieved ready status for the Fed ramp program. How should we think about the sales opportunity in that segment, and what products do you expect those customers will adopt the most?
Chano Fernandez: Well, its already in motion. We already have customers in the Federal government. Theyre more quasi Fed agencies than full Fed agencies that are using Workday. As we go through the cycle, its long sales cycle, but those sales cycles will begin, and were fully on the schedule middle of the next year. So I would start -- I would think youll start seeing the pipeline build and hopefully some good wins beginning to happen. Quasi agencies first, and then full agencies sometime next year. In terms of HR and financials, there -- were a good fit. Were going to find requirements that were going have to build specifically for Federal government, but we are, in general, a good fit for both solutions for the Federal government.
Scott Berg: Great. Thank you. And then just one more quick one. You mentioned it a little bit earlier, but talking about Australia and Germany and the expansion there with payroll, can you give us a little bit of color on how much further should we expect the company to take its payroll functionality after those two markets are complete?
Chano Fernandez: Id expect that were going to continue to invest in payroll integration across the globe. We might add one or two more payrolls over the next few years. But youre not going to see us add 10 unless we find a great company to acquire which we havent seen yet. What we are doing is going country by country and where we dont have a payroll really trying to build a tighter integration.
Scott Berg: Great.
Chano Fernandez: Which is, honestly, what most of our customers do with their global payroll demands anyways.
Scott Berg: Awesome. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on todays conference. This will conclude Workdays Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Call. Thank you again for joining us.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-05-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer towards the end of the call.  I would now hand it over to Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Justin Furby: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Workday's first quarter fiscal 2022 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri and Chano Fernandez, our Co-CEOs; Robynne Sisco, our President and CFO; and Pete Schlampp, our Executive Vice President of Product Development. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast.  Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including those related to the impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and global economic condition. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 2021 annual report on Form 10-K and most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for additional information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Also, the Customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our second quarter quiet period begins on July 16, 2021. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2021. With that, I will hand the call over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Justin, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our first quarter fiscal year '22 earnings call. Before we jump into our quarterly results, first a huge congratulations to Workday investor and my good friend, Phil Mickelson, on winning the PGA Championship over the weekend, an amazing accomplishment and proving once again that in addition to being a great person, Phil is one of the most talented golfers of all time. I'm pleased to report that Workday had a strong quarter, starting the year with significant momentum and positioning us well for a great fiscal year '22. In Q1, we saw an increase in demand across all product areas while delivering strong non-GAAP operating margins of 25%, showing the strength inherent in our underlying business model. Our results support the acceleration in digital transformations across HR and finance, and Robynne will share more shortly on how we plan to invest behind this opportunity. Let me share some highlights starting with Workday HCM. We continue to be the market leader with our differentiated suite of products and continued innovation. We're seeing an increase in demand as more and more organizations prioritize transition of their HCM systems to cloud to deliver a world-class employee experience. In Q1, we welcomed ASM Global, Las Vegas Sands Corp., Mattel, Five Below Inc., and Cost Plus World Market to the Workday family, along with many other new HCM customers. Even with all the sales momentum, we continue to have over 70% of our HCM customers in production with notable go-lives in Q1, including Fielmann AG, University of Sydney, and Macquire University to name a few. Turning to Workday Financial Management. We saw momentum build in Q1 as companies increasingly prioritized digitalization within the office of the CFO. In addition to an acceleration in core financials bookings, we also saw strength across the portfolio with offerings such as Workday Adaptive Planning, Spend Management, including Workday Strategic Sourcing formerly known as Scout, and our Enterprise Finance Solutions. New customers in Q1 included Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, Saks [ph], and St. Francis Health System Incorporated with add-on wins at FHI and Werner Enterprises. Our focus on industry solutions was also a key contributor to our success during the quarter, where our PSA solution was a key driver to the broader HR and FINS platform win in Q1, and accounting firm, RSM US. And our Accounting Center solution was part of a FINS first win at National Farmers Union Mutual Insurance. Our strong position continues to get recognized by the market. For the fifth year in a row, Workday was named a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Cloud Core Financial Management Suites for Midsize, Large, and Global Enterprises List published on May 1 of this year. Taking a step back, we continue to focus on delivering a global solution that enables business leaders to plan, execute and analyze all in one system. And in this rapidly changing world, our value proposition only continues to grow as we make advances on the innovation front. In Q1, we delivered our latest feature release, Workday 2021 R1 with advancements across all product areas, including broadening the capabilities of Workday Extend and greater functionality in spend and supplier management. We also continued our investment in a world class user experience, smarter and more personalized search in Workday People Experience as well as extended capabilities in natural workspaces outside of Workday such as Slack and Microsoft Teams. And to further enable customers in optimizing the future of their employee experience in this ever-changing world, I'm proud to announce that we closed on the acquisition of Peakon, now a Workday company. Chano will add more color on Peakon in a few minutes, but we couldn't be more excited about the opportunity we see with the Peakon offerings and are excited to welcome the Peakon team to Workday. In our history, innovation and empathy have always led to greater customer satisfaction, which is at the heart of everything we do at Workday. I continue to be so grateful to our teams who have all supported customers in entirely new ways to ensure their success during these challenging times. Underscoring this dedication, I'm pleased to announce our latest customer satisfaction score of 97%. This survey is particularly meaningful as it provides us feedback from our named support contacts: those who are closest to engaging with the Workday experience on a daily basis. Switching to the people front, as you all know, we believe a key part of our success continues to be our vibrant company culture, which allows us to maintain high levels of employee satisfaction and greatly helps us attract and retain talent across all levels of the company. As we look ahead, we see a tremendous opportunity in front of us to partner with more organizations across all industries and serve as the backbone of their digital transformation efforts in this changing world. The foundational to delivering on that opportunity will be a motivated and growing group of employees. So, as we move forward on this growth path, we plan to increase our global workforce by more than 20% or 2,500 new hires in fiscal year 2022. In doing so, we'll have an even stronger foundation to scale and innovate on our path to $10 billion. This quarter was a strong start to our fiscal year and set the stage for acceleration in our business. As I look ahead, my optimism for Workday's future couldn't be higher. We have a great team in place and a significant global opportunity in front of us as companies continue to embark on their HR and finance transformation journeys. With that, I'll turn it over to my good friend and Co-CEO, Chano Fernandez. Over to you, Chano.
Chano Fernandez : Thank you, Aneel. As Aneel mentioned, we're off to a strong start in FY '22 with meaningful new bookings acceleration in the first quarter as organizations increasingly position Workday as the backbone of their digital transformation. Our Q1 bookings outperformance, combined with continuous strength in pipeline generation provide us with increased confidence in driving accelerated new bookings growth in FY '22. This quarter's results were once again driven by strong execution and high conversion rate. We saw a pickup in net new business as bookings from new HCM and financial customers improved along with the overall environment. And our installed base team had another outstanding quarter, sustaining the momentum we saw throughout last year, driven by solid renewal rates as well as strength across solutions. As Aneel mentioned, we have notable outperformance from Planning, Core Financials, Analytics, Spend Management and our Talent portfolio. From a geographic standpoint, we saw outperformance in North America and APJ while also driving healthy bookings growth across EMEA. Our medium enterprise team also had an exceptional start to the year as our investments in that market continue to pay off. And our strength continued in vertical markets, such as professional and financial services, healthcare and education and government, where industry-specific innovation and a dedicated go-to-market effort are critical to our success. As Aneel previously said, we have significant hiring plans in FY '22. And the sales and marketing organization is one of the biggest areas of planned headcount additions as we look to accelerate and sustain long-term growth. The investments are broad-based and global in nature, including quota-carrying capacity, presales and business development. We're also investing in non-headcount areas, such as marketing and brand campaign, focused on the office of the CFO. During Q1, we began ramping up this investment and are very pleased with the healthy pipeline growth that they helped drive. Based on the initial returns we have seen, we expect to accelerate the pace of these investments in the coming quarters, and I look forward to updating you on our progress. Organizationally, I'm pleased to say that we have successfully integrated the Peakon sales teams into Workday, with both our installed base and net new sales teams now actively selling this solution in the market. Although the acquisition just closed in March, we are very excited by the pipeline momentum. We had a number of meaningful Peakon upsell deals within our customer base in Q1, and the solution is already opening up doors for new significant customer relationships. Ensuring customer success has always been a core value at Workday. I am delighted to say that our customer success and services organizations have performed incredibly well, taking hundreds of customers' live across our core HCM and Financial Management offerings as well as our portfolio of broader solutions targeting the CFO, CHRO and CIO. Our partner ecosystem is also critical, not only helping take customer side but co-innovating on the Workday platform, enabling acceleration of our pace of innovation and engaging even more strategically with our partners. Finally, on behalf of the entire Workday leadership team, I would like to say thanks to all of our workmates across the globe. Thank you for a terrific start to FY '22, and let's keep the momentum going. With that, I will turn it over to our President and CFO, Robynne Sisco. Over to you, Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Chano, and good afternoon, everyone. As Aneel and Chano mentioned, we delivered a solid Q1 driven by strong execution against an improving market backdrop as organizations look to accelerate the pace of their digital transformations across HR and finance.  Subscription revenue in the first quarter was $1.03 billion, up 17% year-over-year, driven by strong new business sales, favorable in-quarter linearity and an overperformance on customer renewals. Professional services revenue was $143 million, and total revenue came in at $1.18 billion. Revenue outside the U.S. was $292 million, representing 25% of the total. 24-month backlog at the end of the first quarter was $6.59 billion, growth of 20%, driven by strong new bookings across both net new and add-on business. As I discussed on the last earnings call, the amount of ACV coming up for renewal in FY '22 is relatively flat from last year. This dynamic is purely a function of the mix of historical contract lengths that created a headwind to 24-month backlog growth in Q1 of a couple of percentage points, an impact that we expect will persist throughout this fiscal year before we return to a more normal level of renewals growth in FY '23. Total subscription revenue backlog at the end of Q1 was $10.08 billion, growth of 23%. Our non-GAAP operating income for the first quarter was $289 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 25%. Margin overachievement was driven by a combination of top line overperformance and favorable expense variances. Specifically, it took longer to ramp up hiring and external resources, and we had lower-than-expected costs related to Peakon. We have very ambitious investment targets for the remainder of the year in support of our growth aspirations and have confidence in our ability to continue to ramp these investments throughout the year. Operating cash flow in Q1 was $452 million, growth of 72%, driven by a combination of operating margin expansion and strong customer collections. As Aneel mentioned, our biggest investment continues to be in our people and in attracting top talent to Workday. During Q1, we began to ramp the pace of hiring, successfully adding and integrating roughly 600 net new employees, including over 250 from Peakon, bringing our total workforce at the end of the quarter to over 13,100 employees. Overall, we are very pleased with the momentum we saw in Q1, and we're continuing to invest to support growth as the environment normalizes. Turning now to guidance. Based on our over-performance in Q1, we are raising our FY '22 outlook and providing Q2 guidance as follows.  For subscription revenue, we're raising our full year estimate to be in the range of $4.425 billion to $4.440 billion, growth of 17%. As a reminder, Peakon is expected to add less than 1 percentage point to our overall subscription revenue growth in FY '22. We expect our Q2 subscription revenue to be $1.095 billion to $1.097 billion, 18% year-over-year growth, with sequential growth in Q3 and Q4 of approximately 3% and 4.5%, respectively. We still expect professional services revenue to be $590 million in FY '22 as we continue to prioritize driving the highest levels of customer success. For Q2, we expect professional services revenue of $145 million. Taking into account the renewal headwinds I mentioned earlier, we expect 24-month backlog growth of 17% in Q2. Investing for growth remains our #1 priority. As Aneel mentioned, we expect an increased pace of hiring across the company in FY '22 as well as the ramp of non-head count spending with a focus on sales, marketing and product, specifically targeted at accelerating demand generation, enhancing our market position and advancing our strategic product road map. Given that, we expect margins to moderate throughout the year with a Q2 non-GAAP operating margin of 20% and a full year non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 18% to 19%. The GAAP margins for the second quarter and the full year are expected to be approximately 24 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margins. There is no change to our FY '22 operating cash flow guidance of $1.2 billion. During Q1, we completed the $171 million purchase of 5 buildings at our Pleasanton campus. This purchase is important to our headquarter strategy and affords us control of our core campus buildings. We do not expect any further owned real estate investments for the remainder of the year, and we continue to expect $270 million of other capital investments to support our customer growth and continued business expansion. And finally, I'll close by thanking our amazing employees, customers and partners for their continued support and hard work. We're off to a great start for FY '22, and our focus remains on driving accelerated bookings growth. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes to the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne : Aneel, I want to go back to sort of your comments not only this quarter but actually last quarter about sort of the building pipeline and sort of the opportunity to accelerate bookings in the back half of the year. Just how are you feeling about that opportunity? You're obviously investing against that opportunity, so I assume you still feel good about it. But maybe how should we think about that playing out over the years? Is it going to be perhaps a little bit more back-end loaded? Just give us some more color on that idea because I think everybody hears your enthusiasm on the pipeline and the buildup, but obviously, the second quarter doesn't necessarily reflect that. So I just want to make sure there's no change in the longer-term thought process.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, so just remember that subscription revenues lag bookings growth, and we accelerated bookings growth in Q1, and frankly, more than even I had expected in my usual optimism. So it takes a while for that accounting to catch up with the acceleration in net new business. But the net new business and better-than-expected performance across really all products leaves us with a lot of optimism. And then, of course, we had a great renewals quarter, too. I might turn it over to Chano. But I think that acceleration has already started.
Chano Fernandez: Yes. Thank you, Aneel. Hi, Kirk. We have healthy pipelines looking ahead for Q2 across both HCM and FINS, and across both net new and installed base teams. Based on where we stand today, we feel very confident how the rest of the year should be performing in terms of supporting our accelerated bookings and definitely having a strong second half, right? As you know, we have increased seasonality in the second half of the year as it relates to new ACV bookings. And that's no different this year, with a meaningful part of the pipeline strength we've had the last few quarters targeted to close in the second half. So I would say, based on where we are today, I'm excited about both Q2 and the second half, and we expect strong results across both.
Kirk Materne: That's great. And Chano, if I could ask just one follow-up. You mentioned on the head count additions, quota-bearing reps. International is still only 25% or so of your revenue. Can we expect that there'll be a pretty heavy investment in some of these international regions? And are they starting to perk up pretty nicely for you all at this point in time?
Chano Fernandez : Yes. You should be expecting that part of that quota-carrying reps that we are hiring would be certainly across net new international installed base, some of the verticals that we are playing. And we're seeing already acceleration in Q2 in international in terms of booking. We should be expecting that with the strong pipeline performance we ended at last -- end of last year, again, it is for us now to execute. And of course, as the market is more recovering and opening after the COVID kind of headwinds that we saw last year, particularly net new, I would be expecting that net new should be performing better in our international markets going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of DJ Hynes with Canaccord.
DJ Hynes: I'm going to ask a big-picture question. I don't know if it's better for Aneel or Chano. But one of the questions I sometimes get from investors is that, if this business is going to double over the next 4 to 5 years, say, what do you think the mix of land versus expand looks like to get there?
Aneel Bhusri: That's definitely a question for Chano.
Chano Fernandez: Yes, I would say it would just get much more balanced. Clearly, we've been talking traditionally that the installed base and some of the more land business was representing 20% of our new business bookings. It's clearly representing more today and definitely is balancing out as we see especially more landing products with Peakon nowadays, Scout, Planning. So you should be that balancing out. Honestly, it's kind of still hard for me to say when it's exactly going to be equal but -- because we certainly want it to remain very strong on both fronts, and we're very excited right now that net new bookings on net new logos is accelerating. But clearly as well, we're playing these days a land motion [ph] with some of these products when trying to meet customers where they are in the journey, when they're now ready to do as part of the transformation. The breadth of our portfolio today is significantly stronger and broader, and that is allowing us to play a significant land motion, not only in our installed base but also some of the net new logos, too.
DJ Hynes: Yes. Yes. Okay. That's helpful. And a follow-up to Kirk's question on the hiring. Look, I think the margin upside may -- and you guys alluded to this, that -- say that it's been a bit harder than expected to kind of ramp back up the HR engine. Like where would you say you are in terms of getting the pace of hiring back up to kind of pre-COVID or maybe faster levels? And what do you think -- what have been the biggest challenges there?
Robynne Sisco: So why don't I take that one? So as you can see...
Chano Fernandez : Yes. Take that one, Robynne, please.
Robynne Sisco: Sorry, Chano. When we look across the entire company, you saw us accelerate in Q1. We had over 600 net new hires. And while 250 came from Peakon, 350 were organic. And that compares to relatively flattish headcount last year. So we feel good that we are ramping, and we feel really good about the pace of hiring coming out of Q1. And you should expect it to accelerate across all areas in Q2 and then stay at that heightened pace for the rest of the year. And Chano, I don't know if you want to add anything specific to sales to that.
Chano Fernandez: No. The only thing I would add maybe to sales is that is being already an important area of investment in terms of hiring in Q1, potentially the highest one we've been having across the company. And we -- our intent is just to keep ramping up as we go throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Thank you guys for taking the question. And a really nice start to the year. It sounds like momentum is coming back in a really big really way. A question for Robynne because these subscription models are tricky and you've been warning us about the impacts of a weaker expiry base this year and gross dollar -- sort of the growth from that renewal base is basically flat from last year. Is that impact even across the year? Is that something that we're going to deal with each and every quarter? Or is there any kind of seasonality to that, that we should be thinking about?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. Keith, so that will impact every quarter throughout this year. And while the impact will bounce around a little bit, we do expect it will be a couple of points throughout the year. But keep in mind, when we look at historical renewal levels, there's a range of normal growth. So quantifying the exact impact, not -- it's difficult to be very precise that we wanted to give you a feeling for the magnitude. But we do expect that will persist every quarter throughout this year, and that will return to more normal levels next year.
Keith Weiss: Got it. And then when you talk about a couple of points, is that a couple of points of bookings growth you're talking about? Or is it the RPO growth? Like a couple of points specific to which one?
Robynne Sisco: 24-month backlog growth.
Keith Weiss: And then like underlying that, that's just about contracts up for renewal? Like the renewal rates themselves, those are staying pretty solid?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. That's correct. In fact, we had an overperformance of renewal rates in Q1, so we feel really good about that. This is just scheduled renewals, which is purely a factor of terms of previous deals. And again, just to reiterate, no impact on this flattened renewal base to subscription revenue, just backlog.
Keith Weiss: Got it. Okay. So it sounds like the factors that you guys have in your control are all doing really well, are actually outperforming. It's just the timing on contract renewals that are creating a little bit of a drag.
Robynne Sisco: That's correct. On the 24-month backlog number, yes, and the total backlog number as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs.
Kasthuri Rangan: Robynne, I have a question for you. Just extending your logic with the renewal base being a little bit challenging this year, but your net new is starting to accelerate. So going into next year, probably '22, with a stronger renewal base, so what does that mean for backlog growth next year? And also, I think Aneel or Chano, maybe on previous quarterly earnings conference call, we've talked about financial migrations being pulled in by a year or two. Can you just give us an update as to what you've seen so far with respect to customers intent to move a little quicker on core FINS migration?
Robynne Sisco: So Kash, as I've mentioned before, the impact from last year's new business headwinds is more fully felt this year across key metrics such as backlog. As Aneel talked about, we feel confident in our ability to accelerate new bookings growth this year, and Q1 results really underscore that. But keep in mind that the bookings acceleration this year will take time. It has to compound into the model to be able to offset the cumulative headwinds from last year. So as we execute against our bookings targets this year, the first thing you should expect to see is stabilization in the backlog number as we move through the year. Now there will still be some quarter-to-quarter fluctuations, but stabilization is really the precursor to reaccelerated growth. A little too early to talk about whether that happens next year or not. We have to move through the year and see how we finish.
Chano Fernandez : Yes. In fact, on the FINS one, well, already FINS is a key part of the reacceleration story, and we are seeing more and more of these opportunities coming to market. And not only did we have several strategic FINS wins in Q1, as Aneel mentioned, we have solid FINS pipeline growth as well. There are also emerging opportunities through our enterprise finance solution, where we are now much better positioned to go after product-based industries like retail and manufacturing. And we have nice wins here in Q1, including burner tracking, for example. I would like to highlight the momentum is limited just to core Financials, which I'm referring to. It is also a broader solution set that we are selling into the office of the CFO, as you know, includes Planning, which we had a very strong quarter in Q1. Spend Management had another fantastic quarter in Q1, Analytics. So we're really trying to make the best out of the product portfolio with both our installed base customers and many levels.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Bracelin with Piper Sandler.
Brent Bracelin: Perhaps for Chano or Aneel here. I wanted to go back to this acceleration in bookings here in Q1. I think we were thinking bookings would reaccelerate in the second half, in part on easier compares, but it came here in Q1. So walk me through the drivers of the acceleration. It sounds like FINS is part of it. But are you seeing just shortening sales cycles? Are you seeing enterprise appetite to kind of invest in the office of the CFO, pick up more than you anticipated? Can you just walk through other factors that kind of drove the unexpected acceleration here in Q1? I know the compare wasn't as easy as the compares are going forward. So just walk us through factors there that drove accelerated bookings.
Aneel Bhusri: So maybe I'll give a high-level perspective from talking with a whole host of CEOs. And then I think a big part of it was also terrific execution by Chano's team. I think everybody is beginning to look forward now. I won't say everybody, but a lot of industries are looking forward now, including airlines, including travel companies. We seem to be putting the pandemic as much behind us as we can, and people are looking forward to the future. And when they do that, it bodes well for us. And I think that's what happened. It probably happened a quarter earlier than we expected, where the return to normalcy would begin to show up in not just the pipeline but actually in deals closed. Then I also think for Q1, it was terrific execution. And I'll defer to Chano on that topic.
Chano Fernandez: Yes. Thank you, Aneel. I think, first of all, great execution by Doug Robinson and the team. So thank you, guys, for what you did. Clearly, the momentum is back. And we said last year, we were producing good pipeline generation during the second half last year and kind of already in Q2 last year. Some of that pipeline, of course, was mature to be closing already in Q1. I think the major factor, it came back significantly, net new logos, and that produced a big part of the acceleration. Financials, really both in our installed base and some net new logos, helped out with the acceleration. The breadth of the product portfolio, as I said, with some solutions, I mentioned they are Planning, Spend Management, among others. Peakon had a very good quarter as well, though, of course, we only had kind of 4 or 6 weeks that really were part of our quarter. So there were a number of different elements. Rest of the World, both EMEA and APJ, I made my -- I commented in my prepared remarks that both of them saw accelerated bookings. So I think it was a balanced picture across solutions, Financials and HCM mainly on installed base, and I would say geographies as well. So it was around this quarter. I think companies are realizing that where there is really the true backbone to support the digital transformation, message here seems to be resonating, momentum is there, so we just need to keep executing upon that momentum.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with UBS.
Karl Keirstead: Hey, Robynne, I'm just thinking about your third quarter and fourth quarter subscription revenue growth guidance. When I look back over the last 4 years, Workday has got a pattern where your 3Q sequential growth in subscription revenues is in line with or actually above 4Q. So the guidance that you gave us for 3% sequential growth in 3Q and 4.5% for 4Q implies a little bit more of a 4Q skew than we've seen in the past. I'm wondering if you could just address that. And does that imply that perhaps the total bookings acceleration that Aneel and Chano have been talking about is perhaps a little bit more of a 4Q phenomenon?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. Karl, so we're not seeing any massive changes in trends of seasonality. And as always, we expect Q4 to be our most significant quarter. A lot of the sequential growth has to do with linearity within the quarter. We saw strong in core linearity, for example, in Q2. And it's harder for us to predict the further out we are. So we're still early in the year. We'll give you better guidance around Q3 and Q4 at the next call, but we just wanted to make sure you guys saw what we were seeing. But we don't see anything massively different. But it will really be tied to the linearity of how the deals flow within the quarter.
Karl Keirstead: Okay. That makes sense. And if it's okay to ask a follow-up to you, Robynne, on cash flow. Workday has done, it looks like, about $1 billion of operating cash flow in the last 2 quarters. I don't think we've ever seen that. So you mentioned the higher margins and the good collections, but anything else funky going on, Robynne, around cash flow? And any thoughts you could provide us in terms of the relationship between cash flow and operating margins as we build out our models for the full fiscal year?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. So part of our flattish operating cash flow this year is due to the margin contraction that we expect to happen throughout the year. So that will become a headwind on cash flow growth year-over-year. We've done really well on cash. And certainly, I see some upside to our guide, but our biggest cash flow month is January, in fact, the last 2 weeks of January, where we have a very significant amount of annual invoices come due. And so we need to just take a wait-and-see attitude as we go through the year. But I certainly see some upside from our guide of $1.2 billion.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research.
Mark Moerdler: Congratulations on the strong start to the year. Hopefully, we see that continue to accelerate. So 2 questions. First, you're guiding up full year margins while guiding to strong employee hiring throughout the year, acceleration and then sustain of that. Is the margins due to a bit more -- a bit less T&E for the rest of the year? Or is it stronger revenue expectation? Or is there something else? And then I got a follow-up.
Robynne Sisco: Yes. There's actually several things in there, Mark. So as you know, 1% of our revenue -- our margin raise was tied to the increase in our revenue guidance raise as well. And then as I mentioned earlier, we have really ambitious investment plans. And we have strong confidence that we can reach our hiring goals for the year, but the timing of that hiring is going to cause some potential variability into the margins throughout the year. And the last thing I'll mention is, as you said, we still are getting some COVID-related benefits in our expenses this year, particularly from travel as well as office-related expenses and the lull in the hiring we saw last year. So we expect that savings to significantly moderate as we get into the back half of the year.
Mark Moerdler: That makes sense. Going back to the question in terms of the cadence. When you -- last quarter, you called out the strength in the pipeline growth. And it sounded like there was -- the pipeline was more -- was less mature, but because of the fact it built later in the year versus earlier in the year. You've talked about how that pipeline has continued. But where are we in that maturation process? Is the maturation process online? Or is it accelerating in terms of -- because we saw a strong Q1? Does it have any effect in terms of when that should fall out? What are the -- what are you seeing in terms of the stuff that's in the pipeline and where it's driving toward close?
Aneel Bhusri: That's you, Chano.
Chano Fernandez: Yes, Mark -- sorry. Mark, I wouldn't say there are any significant changes of notice in the pipeline. Clearly as we have more significant business with our installed base, and we have a higher land motion of SKUs and products, those tend to have faster sales cycles, and really they accelerate and mature faster than big transformational projects. So that can make -- skew a little bit, of course, that pipeline that we can be creating within the quarter. We can close even at the end of that quarter or maybe next quarter. That is clearly not the majority of our pipeline. The rest of the pipeline that we were creating last year and for some of our, let's say, most significant cycles will still take the 6 to 12 months. And we should be playing -- see some of those playing mostly during the second half of this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Berg with Needham & Company.
Scott Berg: I just have two shorter ones. First of all, probably for Chano. As you look at the deal composition this quarter, are there any difference maybe in terms of size or number of modules that customers are buying on your initial lands versus maybe what you saw pre-pandemic? Our work has seemed to show that you're adding maybe more modules on that upfront sale than previously.
Chano Fernandez : I would say the highest difference or the most significant difference is there is the highest composition from net new logos that, of course, that we didn't see in the pandemic. There is a higher composition from Financials and being some of the landing SKUs. Clearly, our medium enterprise team continues to execute really, really well. And they had another phenomenal quarter. And there usually customers tends to consume more SKUs to start with when they become the partnership with Workday, right? But other than that, I wouldn't say that there are other significant differences to highlight.
Scott Berg: Got it. And my follow-up question is for Robynne on the outperformance of the renewals that you called out. I guess as you called it out because it was significant enough to call out, but any additional color there may be on what the outperformance was like? Or anything that you noticed from the renewals this period that might be able to be carried forward, say, to future periods?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. Scott, so we were very pleased with the renewals in Q1 with gross retention once again over 95%. At the end over the past year, we saw some impacts from increased bankruptcies in the medium enterprise space as well as an increase in customers lowering worker counts, even as some other customers actually continued to increase worker counts. So as we approached this year, we assumed we'd see some improvements in the bankruptcies and workers trends, and we are really pleased to see overperformance in Q1 on this front. So we're off to a really good start and expect strong renewals to continue through the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Sills with Bank of America Securities.
Bradley Sills: I wanted to ask the question on the FINS pipeline strength another way, if I could, please. It sounds like you're seeing wider lands coming into the pipeline for FINS. And I assume that's due to the progress you've made in all these add-on modules and in vertical applications, planning, sourcing, there's a lot in there. But are customers starting with more departmental wins still? Is this kind of -- any color on just where the -- what those pipeline deals look like for FINS in particular? Or are you seeing a move towards wider multi-department deals that are coming into the pipeline and customers going bigger initially across more organizations with FINS?
Chano Fernandez : Yes. Thanks for your question. I think not necessarily we're seeing more departmental wins. Clearly, on some large customers, we are playing some departmental starting point of view. But I think the -- what we're seeing in FINS is just the maturation of the pipeline that we've been working on right now. We're becoming a much more prominent and referenceable solution in the market with many more references and customers are really appreciating that Carta is a big player in the enterprise financials cloud offering right now. Then, of course, the broader offer that we have today in terms of the number of SKUs that we have around FINS that is much more complete than it was in the past. And last but not least, I would say, enterprise finance helping us up to address the market that we -- certainly we could not address before. And then in some areas like financial services, clearly Accounting Center has been very strategic and very significant for us to have a very formidable FINS offering. So I would say it's a combination of different factors. I don't think it's just one single factor. Even I would say some of the investments that we've been starting to do around brand awareness and the office of the CFO are also helping out as well in some of our international markets with our FINS solution. So it's many different factors, not just one single theme.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Schwartz with Oppenheimer.
Brian Schwartz: I just have one question for Chano. It's on the back to work. And I'm just wondering, in your conversations or maybe in the pipeline composition, do you sense businesses are still holding back on certain initiatives, whether it's either in HCM or FINS that could get prioritized when more and more employees return to the office later this year?
Chano Fernandez : Yes. Thank you, Brian, for your question. I think so. We'll need to see how it plays out. But we're certainly seeing -- and Aneel was commenting in some of our conversations with C-level executives of our customers. They've clearly been prioritizing employee engagements and back to work and kind of the HR offerings. But right now, we are seeing as well how they start to reconsider and there some sort of pent-up demand, I would say, in terms of overdue projects on the office of the CFO that should have been done that they're starting to get it done. So I think it's that what we're seeing in terms of that digital acceleration transformation as a whole, and we play very well on that one as the enterprise backbone of that transformation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This does conclude today's Workday's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your presentation. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-02-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Call [Operator Instructions]. And with that, I will now hand it over to Mr. Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Justin Furby: Welcome to Workday's fourth quarter fiscal 2021 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri and Chano Fernandez, our Co-CEOs; Robynne Sisco, our President and CFO; and Pete Schlampp, our Executive Vice President of Product Development. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our Web site where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those related to the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and global economic condition. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for additional information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our Web site. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company Web site under the Investor Relations link. Also, the customers page of our Web site includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our first quarter quiet period begins on April 16, 2021. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2020. With that, I will turn it over to Chano to share go-to-market highlights in the quarter. He will then turn it over to Aneel, who will provide updates on the strategy and innovation front, and then Robynne will close with our financials and guiding. We will then open the line up for your questions. Over to you, Chano.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Justin. I hope all of you joining us today are in good health and that your families are doing well. It has been a challenging few months of the pandemic, but there is significant cause for optimism. We had a very strong growth through the year as companies increasingly realize that HR and finance are the true backbone of their digital transformation. This realization is leading to significant pipeline improvement. And as we enter FY22, we are well positioned to drive accelerated new bookings growth. Our solid results were driven by another quarter of strong execution of high conversion rates. We once again drove strength in North America, with vertical standouts in education and government, healthcare and the professional services market. Both the large and medium enterprise teams outperformed, driven by continued momentum in our installed base efforts, as well as improving performance in our net new business. The strength in our HCM solutions was a critical contributor to our Q4 performance with notable customer additions in the quarter, including Nike, ABB, Anthem, Cognizant Worldwide, Cox Enterprises, Ferrovial Corporacion, First Rank Bank, Laboratory Corporation of America and Peakon paid retailers. We also saw significant uptake across our newer solutions that support the office of the CHRO, including People Analytics, Alpine Journeys and Talent Marketplace. By leveraging these applications, organizations are addressing and fundamentally rethinking important questions like how to end institutional bias, how to reshape the workforce to meet today's demands and how to spot the engagement risk and execution line response. The FINS plus solutions also had a strong quarter and continues to represent an increasing percentage of our new business mix. We have several strategic core FINS wins in Q4, including a Fortune 500 win of Franklin Tempesto, which included Accounting Center, Minnesota State Colleges and universities, Sentry Insurance, the University of Maryland, College Park, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital and Vanderbilt University Medical Center. We are excited by the accelerated pipeline of FINS opportunities, including emerging use cases with enterprise financing product based industries like retail and manufacturing, where recent wins include one of the nation's largest pizza chain, Zoomies and exporting goods retailer with over 1,000 stores. And we once again saw solid demand for our suite of products that support the office of the CFO and Chief Procurement Officer, including Workday Adaptive Planning, Prism Analytics as well as Workday Strategic Sourcing and our broader Spend Management solutions. Our installed base team also had another solid performance with more than 40% growth in new ACV bookings in Q4 against a very difficult comparison, a more than 50% growth for full year FY21. This team's execution was critical in driving growth over the past year and we remain very optimistic that with an ever expanding product portfolio, we can continue to increase customer wallet share in the years ahead. Our customer success and services organization also executed incredibly well, taking more than 250 for HCM and FINS customers live in the quarter. Ensuring customer success has always been a core value for us at Workday and I'm incredibly proud of how our services team and our partners have responded in this environment, helping to take light, and virtually, I might add, a record number of workers on the Workday platform in FY21. Personally, one of the Q4 highlights was around our pipeline efforts. As we have described over the last two earnings calls, our pipeline generation has been improving since the onset of the pandemic. And I am pleased to say that trends continue and meaningfully accelerated in Q4 with record pipeline generation across all three regions. We still see some pipeline impact from COVID impacted industries, but those headwinds appear to be lessening. The pipeline strength that we have seen along with the stabilization in new business demand drives our expectation that new business growth will accelerate in FY22. On the personnel side, I wanted to congratulate my good friend Doug Robinson on his recent promotion to EVP of Global Sales. Doug has been incredibly impactful over his 10 years plus at Workday, most recently serving as Head of North America Sales with an impressive track record, where he not only played an instrumental role in helping us win some of the world's biggest brands, but he also established high levels of operational and sales excellence across our North America region that have been critical to Workday's growth. In his new role, Doug will lead our global sales efforts, reporting directly to me, helping us to accelerate our FINS momentum, while continuing to expand our international footprint. Congratulations Doug, and I look forward to our continued partnership. Finally, before handing it over to Aneel, and on behalf of the entire Workday leadership team, I would like to express thanks to all of our workmates across the globe. Your response to this challenging environment has been nothing short of amazing, and your resiliency has set us up for a strong year ahead. With that, I will turn it over to our Co-Founder and CEO, Aneel Bhusri. Over to you, Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thanks, Chano, and thanks, everyone, for joining today's call. Last August, we shared the exciting news of Chano's promotion to Co-CEO. In six months in, I couldn't be happier with the positive impact of this change. Chano has always been at the center of our go to market and customer-facing activities, while allowing me more time to focus on our product strategy and innovation. This increased focus could not have come at a more important time. Our innovation cadence has accelerated and we're excited to continue to bring out market leading innovation to support our customers. Chano touched upon our successes in expanding our presence within our customer base. A big part of the success was driven by the introduction of new products. Indeed, in the last three years, we have delivered 50% more in terms of monetizable solutions as compared to the prior three years. As the trends around digital transformation and acceleration continue unabated and with the increasing gap of what traditional legacy ERP can deliver and what our customers need, Workday finds itself in a unique position to not only help companies close this gap through a new class of enterprise management cloud but also to truly serve as the backbone of their digital transformation. We are enabling digital transformation journeys for more than 8,000 customers, including over 3,500 core HR and finance customers and we're excited to go further with them on this journey, and to embark on a new journey with our next wave of customers. This concept of accelerated business change has been a core design principle since we founded the company. Workday enables organizations to turn transactional silos into a complete unified picture, hardwired processes into responsive automation and periodic into real time and continuous planning, execution and analysis. And our solutions aren't simply providing and accelerating existing processes but we're helping thousands of companies fundamentally rethink the way they run their business. Many of these customers have relied on Workday to help them transform their organizations, including hundreds of customers that went live in Q4, such as Caterpillar, Comcast Cable, Cisco Systems, PF Changs and Spectrum Health. The world of finance is also being significantly impacted by the trends surrounding digital transformation. Listening to our customers and how they were dealing with all this change, we decided to design and build Accounting Center, one of our most exciting products in recent memory and one that is now generally available. Built on an analytics engine, Workday Accounting Center ingests, enriches and transforms operational transactions into accounting. Customers can gain insight into rich accounting detail with complete data lineage for drill back for source transactions, empowering them to report faster and reduce time to close. With this new offering as part of a broader suite of our enterprise finance solutions that includes Prism Analytics, Planning and Consolidations, we're now able to address a broader part of the finance market, including product based industries, such as retail and manufacturing. These industries must maintain their existing ERP and industry specific on-premise systems, but want to use Workday to bring corporate finance functions into the cloud. It's one of the several emerging and exciting opportunities that grows our addressable market within the financial management solutions marketplace. On the ATM front, I'm proud to say that we are supporting customers in their efforts to prepare for a post pandemic world. In Q4, we announced a vaccine management solution that provides leaders with insights to create a healthier workforce and a safer workplace. We've also seen strong interest in other timely solutions, such as VIBE Index and VIBE Central, which we announced last year and we already have more than 500 customers live. These customers are now equipped to better view and analyze the diversity and representation of their workforce in one centralized place. One area in HCM that has accelerated during the pandemic is employee engagement. With so many companies dealing with remote workers, getting a sense of how employees are feeling about the organization, their manager and their work became paramount. While Workday had been focused on employee engagement for several years and had introduced capabilities, such as pulse surveys, we realized we had to offer more capabilities to our customers. That insight led us to Peakon, one of the acknowledged market leaders in this fast growing space and a company built around a machine learning first approach. By bringing our product offerings together, Peakon will allow Workday to greatly enhance our capabilities across several key areas, including understanding the voice of the employee, providing more robust capability in agile performance management and becoming an engine to further our VIBE solutions as the most comprehensive on the market. I'm looking forward to welcoming the more than Peakon 250 employees, who will soon become workmates, including Co-Founder and CEO, Phil Chambers, who will continue as CEO of Peakon and will report directly to Tom Bogan. We're all excited about our future together. As we look forward to Workday's next chapter, I'm excited by the opportunity that is in front of us, and I'm very grateful to our employees for their dedication to innovation and customer success during these very challenging times. With that, I'll turn it over to our President and CFO, Robynne Sisco. Over to you, Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon, everyone. As Chano and Aneel mentioned, we executed incredibly well in the fourth quarter, demonstrating the strategic and mission critical nature of our solutions and the resiliency in our business during these unprecedented times. Subscription revenue was $1.01 billion in Q4, our first ever quarter over the $1 billion mark, representing growth of 20%. For the full year, subscription revenue was $3.79 billion, growth of 22%. Professional services revenue was $125 million for Q4 and $530 million for the full year. Fourth quarter revenue outside the US was $283 million, representing 25% of total revenue. Subscription revenue backlog was $10.09 billion, growth of 22% and our first ever quarter above $10 billion in backlog. The outperformance was driven by better than expected new bookings against a very difficult comparison in addition to strong renewals, with gross and net retention rates over 95% and 100% respectively. Backlog also benefited from a notable lengthening of average contract duration for both new customers and renewals. Subscription revenue backlog that will be recognized within the next 24 months was $6.53 billion, growth of 19%. Our non-GAAP operating income for the fourth quarter was $211 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 19%. For the year, non-GAAP operating income was a record $867 million or 20% of total revenue, up more than 650 basis points from FY20. This expansion was driven by a continued scale in efficiencies, a reduced pace of hiring and other COVID related moderation of expenses, including reduced spend for travel and events. Operating cash flow for Q4 was $554 million, growth of 86%, bringing our full year operating cash flow to $1.27 billion, 47% growth. Record cash flow results were driven by strong cash collections as well as the substantial operating margin expansion. Our total workforce at the end of the year stood at more than 12,500 employees and we have begun to ramp up hiring for FY22. Overall, we are very pleased with the strong company wide execution in our seasonally most important quarter. Turning now to guidance. Although the environment remains uncertain, we are encouraged by our momentum in recent quarters and have seen an improvement in both close rates and pipeline growth. We're cautiously optimistic that the environment will continue to improve as we move through FY22, driving a faster pace of digital transformation initiatives across HR and finance. We are focused on driving accelerated bookings growth this year, which we expect will ultimately result in a faster pace of future subscription revenue growth. When thinking about our subscription revenue growth for FY22, however, keep in mind that while we executed well this past year, we still experienced headwinds to new bookings. As I mentioned in last quarter, these headwinds have implications for this year's subscription revenue growth, given the lag effects caused by subscription revenue accounting rules inherent in SaaS businesses. With that context, we expect FY22 subscription revenue to be in the range of $4.38 billion to $4.40 billion, representing 16% year-over-year growth. This guidance includes the pending Peakon acquisition, which we anticipate closing later this quarter and is expected to contribute less than 1 percentage point to our subscription revenue growth in FY22. For the first quarter of FY22, we expect subscription revenue to be between $1.018 billion and $1.020 billion, representing 16% year-over-year growth at the high end. Keep in mind that because of the leap year in FY21, we have one less day of revenue recognition in Q1 than we did in the year ago period, representing a nearly $12 million impact to Q1 subscription revenue and affecting both our sequential and year-over-year growth rates. We expect subscription revenue to sequentially increase from the previous quarter by just under 6% in Q2 and approximately 4% in Q3 and 4.5% in Q4. From a backlog perspective, last year, we saw a lengthening of overall contract duration, providing more predictability in our future revenue while also adding to total backlog growth during FY21. While we have historically guided to total backlog, given that variations in contract length are difficult to forecast and can impact total backlog growth by several percentage points in either direction, we now feel it's appropriate to guide to 24 month backlog, which will help isolate fluctuations and contract duration. When considering 24 month backlog, keep in mind that the two primary drivers of growth are net new bookings and the timing of renewals. For FY22, we believe net new bookings will have a positive impact on backlog growth given our expectation of new business reacceleration. When we look at the historical impact of renewals on backlog growth, we have consistently seen growth each year in the amount of ACV up for renewal, making renewals a positive contributor to backlog growth. In FY22, however, the ACV up for renewal is relatively flat compared to FY21. This dynamic is purely a function of the mix of historical contract lengths but will serve as a headwind on both the 24 month and total backlog growth for this fiscal year. From what we see today, this headwind will not persist beyond FY22 and we expect the renewal base will grow again in FY23. With all this as context, we expect the 24 month backlog to grow approximately 18% in Q1 of FY22. We're expecting professional services revenue to be approximately $139 million in Q1 and $590 million for the full year. This represents a return to growth in professional services revenue, driven by our expectation of improved new business trends. We will continue our tight alignment with our growing partner ecosystem to help ensure customers have successful implementations that support the highest levels of customer satisfaction and business value. From a margin standpoint, this past year, we demonstrated the long term scalability inherent in our model. Investing for growth remains priority number one, however, and in FY22, we expect to increase our pace of hiring across the company but with a focus on sales, marketing and product, specifically targeted at accelerating pipeline growth and advancing our strategic product roadmap. Included in these investments are increased marketing and brand campaigns as well as significant planned growth in quota carrying rep capacity. With this context and an estimated 100 basis point dilution from Peakon, we expect our FY22 non-GAAP operating margin to be 17%. We estimate non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 19% in Q1 and expect a normal seasonal sequential decline in Q2 as we invest in our people through our annual compensation process. The GAAP margins for the first quarter and the full year are expected to be approximately 26 and 24 percentage points lower respectively than the non-GAAP margins. Further, we expect our stock based compensation expense as a percent of revenue will decline by approximately 1.5% this year, starting a multiyear trend of improvements in this metric. The FY22 non-GAAP tax rate remains at 19%. We expect operating cash flow in FY22 to be approximately $1.2 billion, down slightly from record levels in FY21, driven by the ramp in growth investments. We expect to invest approximately $170 million in Q1 of FY22 for owned real estate investments as we finalize the purchase of five buildings at our Pleasanton campus that we currently lease. This purchase is important to our headquarter strategy and affords us control of our core campus buildings. We expect to spend roughly $270 million in FY22 to support all other capital needs. This includes investments in lease facilities, corporate IT infrastructure and customer data centers to support our continued business expansion. These data center investments, along with other investments we're making in our technology and platform, including our entrance into the federal market and our expanded use of the public cloud, are expected to reduce our non-GAAP subscription gross margins to slightly under 85% in FY22. And finally, I'll close by thanking our amazing employees, customers and partners for their continued support and hard work, which allows us to deliver great results during an unprecedented year. We are more confident than ever in the long term opportunity ahead and look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress throughout the year. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs.
Kasthuri Rangan: I'm trying to reconcile the strength in the quarter. Congratulations, that's a fantastic quarter. You've seen accelerating backlog growth for the past four quarters, and you're talking about accelerating pipeline growth going forward. Yet, I can really understand the new business bookings were somewhat challenged. But I'm also trying to reconcile all the positives against the outlook of fiscal '22 subscription revenue growth here. Maybe if you could just shed a little bit finer light on how we should expect the shape of fiscal '22 to unfold? And obviously, the point is well taken that getting out of fiscal '22 into '23, we could see even better trends. So can you just paint the shape of the recovery? And where do we bottom out in terms of subscription revenue growth, when are we likely to see the acceleration based on all the good things we're hearing from you guys? Thank you so much, and congrats again.
Aneel Bhusri: I'll take the first pass, which is the metric that we run the business on at Workday is growth in bookings. And we're really excited about what we see over the next 12 months. Subscription growth bookings is a derivative of that number. And as you know, subscription accounting is based on multiple years factoring into that. So I wouldn't look too much at subscription gross bookings. And I would try to figure out what we're actually doing in this next year, which is a reacceleration on the fiscal front. And then maybe I'll ask Chano and Robynne to add a few comments to that.
Robynne Sisco: So as you know, our subscription revenue this year is really a direct result of the headwinds to that new business that we experienced last year, and we've been previewing this the last couple of quarters. So that's an important point. I'd also point out that we've been saying for a while now that our goal has been to flatten the declining growth curve and then ultimately reaccelerate. And as you can tell by the fact that our Q1 revenue guide growth is the same as our full year, this is the year we expect to flatten that curve, which is a really positive thing. And then to Aneel's point, if we can reaccelerate the bookings growth, which we absolutely believe we can then that will ultimately lead potentially to subscription revenue acceleration. But there's a lag there, so it's going to take some time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JP Morgan.
Mark Murphy: Great to hear all the positive news. I'm wondering if you can provide any insight into the internals of the financials business the last two to three quarters. Is it safe to assume that, that bookings mix of the core general ledger softened up a bit just because of macro uncertainty, and maybe that pivoted more toward planning and scout and those other areas? Just trying to understand the magnitude of any shift there. And then moving forward, what do you think is the main catalyst that a finance team is focused on to say, now we're looking at the right conditions to modernize the general ledger and maybe bite off a bigger chunk that would give you a tailwind?
Aneel Bhusri: Let me just cite some Gartner data that we got a few months ago, and I think it's instructive for how the market is working today. So they let us know that core accounting or core finance inquiries were down 14%. Core planning inquiries were up, I think, close to 30%. And as the pandemic eases, what they also said was that while many of the core accounting projects were going to be delayed, the ones that were in '23 and '24 and '25 were getting suck forward, because people realized that they needed to start on that digital transformation journey for financials. And so while it's been a tough time for financials during the pandemic, I actually think from here on now it's going to get accelerated. But I really want to let Chano comment on this.
Chano Fernandez: FINS is certainly a key part of the reacceleration story, Mark, and we are seeing more of these opportunities coming to market. And not only did we see improvements in our FINS business in Q4, several strategic wins that we mentioned, but we also have solid FINS pipeline growth as well. But it is broader than core FINS, as youve highlighted. It is a broader solution set and we're selling into the office of the CFO, which also includes spend management, analytics and our planning solutions, as Aneel was highlighting. So we're really meeting our customers where they are in the journey. And there are emerging opportunities to our entire enterprise finance solution, which leverages Prism and Accounting Center, where we're now better positioned to go after product based industries like retail and manufacturing, and that opportunity we did to have before. So we're widening our addressable market.
Aneel Bhusri: If I could just add one more thing that we had a business plan going into the year pre-COVID. And without going into the details -- I can't go into the details of how close we were, but we were in shouting distance of our original plan around our overall business. And if you would told me that in April of last year, I would not believed that. And so it's a great testament to our team. But also the fact that digital transformation is accelerating and the folks that were not on cloud platforms realize they needed to be. And so it's one of the drivers of our optimism going forward. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: It's good to hear the momentum is going back into the business. Chano, I guess this would probably be a question for you. This quarter you guys saw good durability in that upsell, brought that new ACV up over 40% on a year-on-year basis. And if I'm not mistaken, this is the first quarter that you're anniversary-ing a really tough comp. I think you guys told us it was like up 50% in the quarter ago. So how does that -- can you talk to us about sort of whether that type of strength is possible, or it could be durable into the year ahead? Can you continue to see that type of growth coming from the upsell motion? And any sense you could give us in terms of what percentage of the overall kind of new businesses that represent today?
Chano Fernandez: As we highlighted, we had another fantastic quarter with 40% plus growth in add-on sales, and that makes kind of 50% for the whole year. That it was really driven across a lot of different products, including core FINS, Financials, Workforce Planning, Prism Analytics, Learning and Workday Strategic Sourcing. But some of them were products as well as contributing, like Accounting Center, People Analytics, Extend and heath also contributed especially in the last quarter at those products were earlier in the year, meaning in the beginning of the year. So we see nice strength in pipeline build from our store based teams. And there is a lot of momentum on this effort as we enter into FY22. And definitely, this is a certain area where we are strengthening our investments as well that Robynne is commenting in terms of our investments on what are carriers. So in terms of the mix, it is definitely becoming a much more significant contributor of our new business in FY21, the business that is coming from the upsell and the cross sell. And we expect that over the medium term, our growth will become increasingly more balanced between the new and installed base sales. But we have a lot of emerging opportunities believe that will accelerate this year, and we're seeing signs of that in the pipeline as well, Keith.
Keith Weiss: And then maybe one for Robynne, just on the margin side of the equation. Definitely understand that there's some -- I mean, there's some inorganic pressures that you have on the operating margins going into the year ahead. And then there's also just a reacceleration in spend against a subscription revenue line that amortizes off the balance sheet versus kind of marks what's going on in real time. And then there's also some sort of T&E spending and the like that didn't take place in FY21 that take place in FY22. Can you help us -- on those last two, can you help us kind of foot like how much comes from the first versus the second or more pointedly, what's the overhang that you guys experienced from sort of T&E coming back?
Robynne Sisco: T&E, we don't expect it to really come back until near the end of the year, Keith. And even though we're not quite sure exactly, we don't believe it's going to come back 100%. So we expect that pace to continue to be slower. So we really are focusing more when you look at increases in the spending around headcount. We were relatively flat in hiring last year. We did some strategic hiring, we're relatively flat. We're going to be hiring now across all areas of the company with, as I mentioned, specific focus on investments and sales as well as in product to take advantage of the great opportunity that we see in front of us. We're going to spend more nonheadcount wise in marketing, which we think now is the time. We've seen great momentum in the pipeline generation. We think we can help that out by turning up the dial on operating spend. And then investments in infrastructure, technology, data centers, really just across the board that you see just amazing growth opportunity ahead of us, and now it's the time for us to invest towards that.
Keith Weiss: So this is subscription model, right? The subscription line reflects what happened last year in terms of billings and deferred revenue buildup, but you need to invest this year for a better demand environment. And that mismatch, that's what's pressuring your margins in the year ahead?
Robynne Sisco: That's exactly right. Your investment always have to take place before you're going to see the impact in your subscription revenue line. And if you take out the impact of Peakon of 100 basis points, we're largely back on that trajectory we were before last year. And so we're just getting back to business and back to normal, and we feel really good that now is the time to make those investments.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Congrats on the result and that's great to hear about the pipeline builds going into this year. Along this line, Chano, I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the international market opportunity. What you've seen in that theater or in those theaters, maybe also where you think core FINS is internationally? Obviously, the US saw HCM take off first and then since its been sort of trailing. I'm kind of curious whether or not core FINS can maybe land at more of -- at the same time, maybe not the same accounts, but at the same time or proportionally in some of these international markets that are a little bit smaller? Thanks.
Chano Fernandez: As you know, as you said, we are much earlier days in penetrating international markets relative to where we are in the US, but we see a big opportunity in the rest of the world. And we are very optimistic around this opportunity and what it means for us. I think we also saw a bit more impact from COVID in the rest of the world market that we have seen here in the US. And I think it's really when we get to the other side of COVID, we should see accelerated momentum that is fully reflected on the numbers. And why I believe so is because the good news is that the pipeline is certainly improving in the rest of the world markets, and I expect that there would be a key contributor to the acceleration this year too. In terms of financials, I would say that I don't think the gap is as big in terms of lagging behind what we saw in HCM, Kirk. We're seeing good wins in international in similar verticals, mainly in financial services and professional services and some hospitality. And now with Enterprise Finance, we are expecting as well and with Accounting Center that we can see into broader industries and some product industries. But initially, we're more focused on the services industry and clearly some of the most mature countries like the UK, I would say, France and Germany, we're seeing and we have already a nice customer base of core FINS customers that are becoming basically happy and referenceable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Sills with Bank of America Securities.
Brad Sills: I wanted to ask about the vertical pipeline. Obviously, you're seeing some real success in some of these key verticals for FINS. And as you know, financials is not a one size fits all, and you've done a tremendous job of adding more vertical functionality, and I think, seeing some of the traction in some of these verticals that you're citing with some of these wins here. I guess my question is, if you look across the verticals where you made investment for FINS, where do you feel best? Is there one that is ramping perhaps faster than others where perhaps the vertical functionality is ahead of the others, others that we should expect more in the future? Any commentary on just the vertical pipeline across the different key verticals for FINS.
Chano Fernandez: Brad, I think there are three I would highlight. One would be clearly financial services. The other one would be healthcare, and those are very significant deals for us. And the other one would be state and local and government not sad at all. And on those three where we made investments, we're seeing very good traction in terms of the maturity of the solution but in terms of our customer wins and our conversion ratios.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Bracelin with Piper Sandler.
Brent Bracelin: For me, obviously, the success you're having upselling add-ons in the installed base is very encouraging here, which leads to my question on Peakon. I know it's still very early. But as you think about this employee experience market, it is moving fast. Microsoft made a big splash last month. SAP did a partial spin of Qualtrics. You're seeing new VC funding into Culture Amp, Lattice, next thing. What's been the early feedback so far on Peakon? How is it different? And how quickly could you scale the attach rate in the installed base? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: I'll take the first two parts and let Chano address the third. This is a hot space. There's no question about it. We actually had good offerings in the space. And then COVID hit and the demand for more insight into how employees were feeling during this period of time just exploded. And Peakon, if you look at all the magic quadrants and analyst reports, they're the leader. They're the best. And we looked at what we were doing and said, we can get there, but not at a time that matters because the market is happening now, and these guys were the market leader. So we couldn't be more thrilled to have them as part of Workday. And it's become a super high priority item for every CEO, CHRO to understand employee sentiment. In terms of -- the other thing I'd add is, they were a very cool machine learning first application. They countered on that machine learning to drive them to better insights. And that's the way that we want to go as well. So we're super excited about that synergy on that front. And in terms of upsell opportunity, I'll turn it over to Chano.
Chano Fernandez: Brent, clearly it has not closed yet, right? So I just wanted to mention that. But we are really excited when the deal closes and we are cautiously optimistic that it's going to be a fantastic one. We have some great learnings out of Adaptive and Scout that certainly are going very well. But as Aneel is saying, this is such a hot space. They had a great solution. The majority of their presence is in Europe, but they already have some nice flagship logo in the US. And clearly, with our distribution channel in the US and again, cautiously optimistic that this is going to be fantastic, what we can do to better.
Brent Bracelin: Great. Well, sounds good and well be watching this one closely. Thanks.
Chano Fernandez: And I would just like to add that, again, even though it has not closed, the initial customers' feedback is very good.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research.
Mark Moerdler: Robynne, I think you mentioned this a bit, but could you give a little additional color. Last quarter, you discussed the expectation of contract duration decreasing for billings both on the new contract side and on the renewal side. Can you give us a little more color on how big an impact did this really have and how do you see that in terms of the pipeline in terms of what you think those contracts are going to be? Are they going to be shorter? Are they going to be a return to what we've seen in the past? Thank you.
Robynne Sisco: Mark, when we were forecasting total backlog, it's really hard for us to forecast the duration and you saw that this past quarter in Q4. And the best way to really measure that impact is if you look at the 24 month backlog growth, it was 19% in Q4. The total backlog growth was 22%. So that differential in growth rate is due to increase in duration, which we had not been able to foresee when we first entered into the quarter and had our earnings call. So that's, frankly, one of the big reasons we decided to move forward guiding 24 month backlog is because that really takes a lot of that guess work around duration coming out. We did see a lengthening on durations in Q4 across both net new contracts as well as renewals, which was a really interesting dynamic. Overall, we let our customers drive the length of contracts that they want but we see longer contracts as a positive for us as you don't have renewal risk as often. So if customers are entering the longer contracts and then renewing under longer contracts, then that takes away some of the risk to your revenue for nonrenewal. So we like that dynamic. We just are going to let our customers continue to drive that. So it's difficult to predict. And I don't know, Chano, if you want to add anything to what you're seeing?
Chano Fernandez: I would just say that -- as we said, we have to expand our guardrails in place for contracts, but we really don't incentivize our sales teams on total contract value. So it's really driven more by customers than any other thing. So I think that the fact that customers are signing longer and longer contracts, which sometimes can be five to seven years longer, I think it's rare in the enterprise software and really speaks to the strategic nature of Workday and the trust that customers place on us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Schwartz with Oppenheimer.
Brian Schwartz: Chano, I have one question for you. It's just around the increase in the sales and hiring comments this fiscal year. I was just wondering if there's any particular product area or geography where you see that there's a big opportunity where it's more a function of just not having enough of the sales bandwidth. Does anything stand out to you as you increase your growth investments in this year's fiscal plan? Thanks.
Chano Fernandez: I mean, we're making investments in a number of areas within sales and marketing, helping support our growth efforts, because we see the opportunity is clearly there. And it is in the areas like installed base team, the rest of the world markets, our ongoing efforts in mid market to push in new countries, some of the vertical markets and then some new areas like the federal government. So it's clearly across the organization. So there will be marketing and presales, current securities and certain marketing and brand investments as well. So really, this is about driving the pipeline and bookings growth and basically chase the opportunity that we've been creating, and we have ahead of us to invest in capitalizing on our -- a bit across the board.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Reback with Stifel.
Brad Reback: As you guys think about the acceleration of the potential for acceleration in billings in fiscal '23 and beyond. Does that the underlying sort of foundation of that, the split between HCM and financials look different going forward or do you expect it to be similar to where we are today? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I would just say, the HR world was already pre pandemic full into the mode of cloud first and almost every function in HR was moving to the cloud as clear as they could. Finance was not at that same place. And so during the pandemic, we saw companies that were moving to finance to the cloud, we saw other people saying, hey, let's just wait until we get out of the pandemic and then we want to move forward. The most optimistic thing that I learned over the last 12 months around finances, the ones that the customers that were using legacy finance systems were challenged to run their business and said, we need to move to a modern finance system. And if you look at all the Gartner data, that means that finance is going to be a pretty hot area over the next two to three years. Is there anything you want to add, Chano?
Chano Fernandez: Not much. I think we saw improvement on new ACV in Q4 across both of the areas. But even it's more encouraging, the pipeline signs across both HCM and FINS plus, both for new opportunities as well as the solid traction on the installed base. So I guess we see opportunities in both.
Aneel Bhusri: And if I could add just one thing that we actually saw companies that were struggling with their legacy finance systems during the pandemic, just actually accelerate their requirements to go to a cloud based solution and it's a very lowly penetrated market right now. So we just have a lot of upside. I know I've been in the pied piper. I'm talking about finance for probably a decade at this point. But I really think that finance transformation is upon us.
Operator: We will now take two more questions. Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Jefferies.
Brent Thill: Robynne, you mentioned you're going to be leaning back into sales hiring this year. I'm just curious if you could just maybe give us the shape of the curve of hiring, specifically in sales this year versus kind of last year? I just want to clarify that I think you said hiring was pretty flat. Can you just give us any color around what you anticipate doing into this fiscal year? Thanks.
Robynne Sisco: So when you look back over our headcount growth in FY21, it was pretty flat. I think incremental hires were maybe a few hundred across the whole year. We'll do significantly more this year across all areas. And those are weighted heavily towards sales and product more so than any other organization. So we do expect to invest a lot there. And I'll hand it over to Chano to talk about where some of those investments will incur, but it will be a significant acceleration of hiring in FY22.
Chano Fernandez: I think we were mostly flat as you commented and is the area, as I said before. So installed base is rest of the world to support the new enterprise market efforts, some new areas like the federal government. And clearly, we are putting plans in place for accelerating there and bringing the people on board as soon as possible. And of course, there will be some growth compared to what we had last year. It's not like we're going to go into high double digit growth, but I guess some nice single digit growth and then hopefully continue that trend, with that acceleration investments in sales as we are leveraging that opportunity ahead and the pipeline that we've been creating.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of DJ Hynes with Canaccord.
DJ Hynes: Aneel, in your prepared remarks, you quantified the increase in the number of SKUs you guys have made over the last three years. So I think you said it was up 50%. Do you have any data that says our average customers using this many modules and maybe how that might compare to your best customers? And I'm wondering if there's any way to kind of put that comparison with spend per employee? It would just be helpful to help think about the capacity for the cross sell opportunity.
Aneel Bhusri: DJ, I don't have that exact data. What I do have is data, and I'll turn over to Chano about what percent of our new bookings in Q4 came from new products. Because I think that's a more telling data point on how are these new products doing within our customer base. So Chano, what do you think?
Chano Fernandez: Yes, that's the main data we track in terms of the growth. So a significant part of the growth that we've been commenting, 50% plus last year on installed base, is coming from that 50% of the new solutions that we've been delivering over the last three years to the market. So those are contributing significantly. When you look at the pipeline, it's kind of pretty similar. The conversion rates are also higher there. Clearly, we're knowing every customer, the wider space we do have. Clearly, usually we know that meeting enterprise customers tend to acquire a number higher SKUs, six or seven to start with through the launch deployment that we have for medium enterprise. But with the increased efforts in terms of both product innovation and the sales capacity that wed be adding into installed base, those penetration ratios in terms of how the new SKUs are progressing, moving towards the best performance peers, is starting very nicely, and I hope can provide some much more detailed information on this on our upcoming financial Analyst Day.
Aneel Bhusri: And I would add, Keith, that we have a lot of upside with Peakon. This area of employee engagement is one of the hottest areas in the market right now. We were already in that market with our own pulse surveys, but clearly the market wanted more. And this company during the pandemic grew far more rapidly than Workday did, and I'm excited to bring this great capability to our customers.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of today's question-and-answer session. This will conclude Workday's Fourth quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Call. Thank you again for joining us.

===== 2021 Q3  (2020-11-20 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. And with that, I would now hand it over to Justin Furby, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Justin Furby: Thank you operator. Welcome to Workday's third quarter fiscal 2021 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri and Chano Fernandez, our Co-CEO; Robynne Sisco, our President and CFO; Tom Bogan, our Vice Chairman; and Pete Schlampp, our Executive Vice President of Product Development. Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations, and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those related to the impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and global economic conditions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for additional information on risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Also, the customers' page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our fourth quarter quiet period begins on January 16th, 2020. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2020. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Justin and welcome to Workday's third quarter fiscal 21 earnings conference call. I hope all of you joining us today are in good health and your families are doing well. We at Workday are encouraged by the recent news regarding vaccines coming to market early next year. We also know we can't lose sight of the fact that we find ourselves in a particularly difficult phase of this pandemic and the health and safety of all people is most important as we navigate these uncertain times. I'm very proud of our team who continue to support our customers, despite the challenges that persist and remain very optimistic about Workday's post-pandemic future. As we know, business leaders are facing a myriad of different challenges right now. Indeed, we're experiencing a health, economic, and social crisis simultaneously. There's a lot of uncertainty in the world that requires conversation and collaboration. That's why in October, we gathered global change-makers together with our customer community for a virtual event we called Conversations for a Changing World. We heard inspiring talks for the likes of Serena Williams, Reese Witherspoon, David Cameron and Trevor Noah. And I was personally excited to have my friends and fellow CEOs, including Adena Friedman of NASDAQ, Chuck Robbins of Cisco, and Satya Nadella of Microsoft joining our event to share their thoughts on leadership and how they are dealing with the challenges of today. We received excellent feedback on the event from our customers and prospects, many of whom mentioned some important takeaways. First, we heard the call that business leaders simply cannot opt out of this moment. Companies have to lean in and be part of the solutions that address the most pressing issues that our society is facing today. Many of the conversations also touched on diversity and inclusion and a growing commitment to reskilling the global workforce. At Workday, we need to continue to be a driving force for the creation of opportunities in this digital economy for everyone, not just a few. And from a technology perspective, there was a common theme underpinning the conversations at our event, a view that a must-have ingredient for organizations going forward is to have a strong digital foundation and now its the time to accelerate that transition. With this increased focus on digital acceleration we believe that the flexible foundation and solutions that Workday offer are uniquely suited to the needs of businesses in these times built natively for the cloud and with people at the center of all of our solutions. With that view as a backdrop, lets jump into our Q3 results. Im pleased to report that Workday delivered a solid Q3 as organizations increasingly look to the cloud to drive change during these dynamic times. Indeed, our customers are using Workday solutions to digitally accelerate and move their businesses forward, while also serving as our biggest advocates to new customers helping others realize the power of Workday to navigate their organizations through any environment. To that end, we had another strong quarter for Workday HCM with notable customer additions in the quarter, including Novartis, DraftKings, CTBC Bank, a Fortune 500 telecommunications company, and Tecnologias Rappi, our first notable win in Mexico since entering that market earlier this year. We also celebrated several notable HCM go-lives this quarter including Walmart, who is now live across its 1.7 million employees globally and what we believe is the largest multi-tenant worldwide cloud HCM deployment. Also our strategic partner Accenture went live with Workday HCM and is now serving its more than 0.5 million global employees. Other notable Q3 go-lives include UPS and General Electric. Turning to Workday Financial Management, we saw continued momentum across our applications portfolio and Im pleased to say weve reached 1,000 customers that have chosen Workday for core finance. Q3 financial management wins include the State of Washington, University of Central Florida, Fifth Third Bank, The New York Times and Extendicare. Amongst the many core financials go-lives in the quarter, I would like to highlight Bon Secours Mercy Health and Progressive Insurance. We once again saw a solid demand for our expanding suite of products that support the office of the CFO and Chief Procurement Officer, including Workday Adaptive Planning, Prism Analytics and Spend Management. Im also happy to share that we now have fully integrated Scout RFP into the Workday organization and have re-branded as Workday Strategic Sourcing, which is part of our spend management pillar that is being led by Scout Co-Founder and CEO, Alex Yakubovich. The team had a record quarter with several big wins at Fortune 500 accounts that included a biopharmaceutical company, a food distributor, and a large grocery store chain with over 100,000 employees. Turning to product, we delivered our latest major update in September which included availability of Workday Talent Marketplace enabling employers with skills-based talent matching to connect people with relevant work and growth opportunities. We also announced availability of Workday Accounting Center and more intelligent planning capabilities, both milestones in our continued investments for the Office of the CFO. And lastly, with our focus on value, inclusion, belonging and equity or VIBE, we announced VIBE Central and VIBE Index; two solutions providing organizations with critical insights to drive positive change in building a workforce thats as diverse as the world. In closing, I would like to thank our employees, customers, and partners who continue to push us forward despite these extremely challenging times. As I look ahead to the other side of this pandemic, my optimism for Workday and our ecosystem couldnt be higher. With that, Ill turn it over to my friend and Co-CEO, Chano Fernandez. Over to you, Chano.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Aneel. Before providing my update, I would like to once again thank our field and broader services teams for another solid performance in Q3. Im pleased with the continued progress that we have made this year, especially in the context of the ongoing uncertainty. I know our workmates are anxious to get back in front of our customers and prospects when it is safe to do so in person. But in the meantime, we are focused on building a maturing pipeline, closing deals, and successfully implementing and supporting customers, all in a fully virtual way. For the second quarter in a row, we saw conversion rates exceed our expectations as organizations continued to push forward with their HCM and financials, digital transformations. We had several strategic wins in the third quarter, including multiple global 2000 HCM win, a Fortune 500 core fins win, and Fifth Third Bank, with Accounting Center once again playing an important role, and notable HR fins platform wins in our education and government teams. The medium enterprise also had another strong quarter. And from a geographical perspective, the U.S. and the DACH regions were standouts. We are now a few years into our focused go-to-market push within our installed base. I am very pleased with the success it has driven. For the fourth quarter in a row, our installed base team generated 50% plus growth in new ACV bookings, driven by strength across products, including core fins, financials and workforce planning, Prism Analytics, learning and Workday strategic sourcing. Newer products including Accounting Center, Workday Extend, and People Analytics contributed to the performance. And although early, we are excited about their long-term prospects. Our comparisons get tougher starting in Q4 and we dont expect a 50%-plus growth to persist going forward. But we still see significant opportunity to drive meaningful growth from a winning installed-based sales team for many years to come. As we head into Q4, we remain cautiously optimistic. We continue to face near-term impacts to the net new business, particularly in certain industries. So, we have seen a strength in the store-base team help partially offset this and we are encouraged by improvements in our pipeline. As we prepare for next year, we are increasing the pace of our sales and marketing investment. We believe now is the time to do so because we see a meaningful opportunity on the other side of COVID and we are investing now to capitalize on that opportunity. With that, I would turn it over to our President and CFO, Robynne Sisco. Over to you, Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks Chano. As Aneel and Chano both noted, we executed well in the third quarter driving strong results as many companies continued to pursue strategic HR and finance transformations despite the uncertain environment. Subscription revenue in the third quarter was $969 million, up 21% year-over-year, with the outperformance driven by favorable linearity and strong retention which remained over 95% on a gross basis and over 100% on a net basis. Professional services revenue was $137 million and total revenue was $1.106 billion. Revenue outside the U.S. was $272 million, 25% of the total. Subscription revenue backlog was $8.87 billion at the end of the third quarter, growth of 23% year-over-year. The outperformance was driven by better than expected bookings as strength in our installed-base team helped partially offset net new business headwinds. In addition, backlog benefited from a year-over-year increase in contract duration, which we do not expect to persist in Q4. Subscription revenue backlog that will be recognized within the next 24 months was $5.94 billion, growth of 21%. Our non-GAAP operating income for the third quarter was $268 million resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 24%. The margin outperformance was driven by a combination of topline overachievement; continued COVID-related operating expense savings, and more back-end loaded hiring versus expectations. Q3 operating cash flow was $294 million, growth of 14%. As a reminder, we continue to work with our hardest hit customers that require more flexible payment terms, which remains a near-term headwind to cash flow and unearned revenue though it has no impact on our subscription revenue, subscription revenue backlog, or long-term customer economics. We exited the third quarter with $2.9 billion of cash and marketable securities and have access to an additional $750 million through our unused revolving line of credit. Our total workforce at the end of the quarter was approximately 12,400 employees. We expect our hiring to pick up in the fourth quarter and into FY 2022 across all areas, but primarily in sales and marketing and R&D as we invest for future growth. Were extremely pleased with our results and execution in Q3, particularly given the challenging environment and we see significant longer term opportunity ahead to support our growth aspirations. Now, turning to guidance, which despite our outperformance in Q3 continues to incorporate the near-term uncertainty we see in the market. Our updated FY 2021 guidance is as follows. We are raising our FY 2021 subscription revenue estimate to be in the range of $3.773 billion to $3.775 billion or a 22% growth. We expect our Q4 subscription revenue to be $991 million to $993 million, 18% growth. We continue to expect professional services revenue to be $525 million in fiscal 2021 and $121 million in Q4. For Q4, we expect subscription revenue backlog growth of 14% to 16% as we face a very difficult comparison from a strong Q4 last year. We estimate Q4 non-GAAP operating margin to be approximately 15% as we expect to increase both our pace of hiring and our marketing and brand investments. For the full year we now expect a non-GAAP operating margin of 19%. The GAAP operating margin is expected to be lower than the non-GAAP margin by approximately 26 percentage points in both the fourth quarter and the full year. Our FY 2021 capital investments guidance remains unchanged at $280 million. We are still in our planning process for FY 2022 and because the near-term uncertainty remains higher than normal, we plan to provide guidance after we get through our very important Q4. Keep in mind, however, that while we have seen some recent stability in the underlying environment, headwinds due to COVID remains particularly to net new bookings. And given our subscription model, these headwinds that have impacted us all year will be more fully evident in next years subscription revenue weighing on our growth in the near-term. From a margin standpoint, this year we have demonstrated the long-term scalability inherent in our model. Investing for growth remains priority number one, however, and in FY 2022, we expect to increase our pace of hiring across all areas, but with a focus on sales, marketing and product investments that are specifically targeted at accelerating pipeline growth. In closing, I am incredibly proud of all our workmates who have remained focused on helping our customers allowing us to deliver strong results during these turbulent times. With that, Ill turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A. Operator?
Operator: At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. You may proceed with your question.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much and congratulations on the quarter. Aneel and Chano I was kind of curious, you guys mentioned sort of, the bookings outlook is getting better, you feel good about pipeline build, your conversations started to get a little bit more upbeat, just about the long-term, meaning things are definitely still not normal today. But when people are making investments on your technology, they're making decade-long investments. So, I was just kind of curious about how you feel about the confidence in sort of the pipeline build maybe versus three months ago? And what do you think needs to happen so that on the net new side that starts to pick up, meaning what are people talking to you about, like, hey, we just need to know is it another quarter, another six months, just kind of curious what you think needs to happen to kind of, get back to full guns blazing on that front? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: So, the first comment I make is it really depends on which industry you're talking to. There are a number of companies that can weather the storm retailers, tech companies, and as much as possible, they're trying to get back to some level of normal even though we know we're in frankly probably in the worst part of the pandemic, it just seems like, we figured out how to work in the pandemic. And those conversations are indeed very similar to what they were pre-pandemic and people are very focused on digital acceleration and getting to that that future state on the platform side, but then we do have customers who are really being impacted by COVID whether they're in hospitality or transportation, and for them, they're still on the sidelines. And I think there'll be a few outliers here or there, but I think the best way to look at it is the world is trying to get back to normal, but there's a couple of sectors that are having a hard time getting back to normal.
Kirk Materne: And then maybe if I get a second one -- follow-on. Go ahead, Chano sorry.
Aneel Bhusri: I was going to say Chano, you want to add anything?
Chano Fernandez: No, I think that's summarized it well. I think from a pipeline perspective, we continue to see improvements relative to the start of the pandemic. And while it's early, we're starting to see some of the newer products having a positive impact. So, we're feeling good about what we have in Q4 pipeline and the maturity of this pipeline. And it's also quite balanced across products and geographies. But, of course, we will remain positively optimistic looking at well, what's going to happen in terms of -- with the second wave of COVID and how things are moving forward.
Aneel Bhusri: If I could add one comment, though, Kirk. There just been some other companies that have talked about how there's been slowdown in the back office; I don't share that point of view. I think if you're a legacy provider, where most of your revenue is coming, I think people of anything are saying, like, I really got to get off those legacy platforms and so for us, there are definitely companies and their product lines for us that I think are actually being accelerated by the pandemic, where people just want to get off even faster than what they were planning on getting off before.
Kirk Materne: That's helpful. And if I could ask just one quick follow-up for Chano, just around the sales and hiring comments, are there any particular product areas and/or geographies that you see could -- that there's a big opportunity where it's more of a function of just not having enough surf sales bandwidth, I was just wondering if any, maybe one or two either geographies and/or your product lines come up, I realize you're going to expand everywhere, but anything that stands out to you on that front?
Chano Fernandez: We're making investments, Kirk, in a number of areas within sales and marketing is more to help our growth efforts around the store base versus rest of the world markets, including our ME push in other countries, medium enterprise, some of the vertical markets as well, were moving forward with financials and then some of the newer areas like federal government. So, it's a bit across the board, right, but clearly from the go-to-market perspective. And we think, as I said in my script that now is the time to do so. So, we kind of strengthen our pipeline for next year and maybe the year after, basically capitalize on those investments.
Kirk Materne: Okay, great. Thank you all.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. You may proceed with your question.
Mark Murphy: Yes, thank you and I'll add my congrats. Aneel, just on that last comment you made, I'm curious in a year or two, when we look back on the response to the pandemic, do you think it will have been a larger tailwind for the HCM side of the business because companies have to adjust to remote workforces and all the reskilling? Or do you see it more on the financial side because of a greater need to compress planning cycles and close the books remotely? In other words, where do you think the pain has been more acute, is it more on the HR side or more on the finance side?
Aneel Bhusri: I think it's going to play out differently for the different product areas. So, for HR, everybody is worried about employee engagement and remote workforces right now. And so we continue to see very strong continued momentum in HR. And finance, we had an excellent quarter selling finance, but I do believe there are some bigger projects that are being held off until post-pandemic and so the idea of starting a big project at a Fortune 500 company, we're getting those but probably not as much as I think we'll get post-pandemic. And I think I think when people come out of pandemic, they'll say I want to get rid of every legacy piece of technology I've got and I've got to move into the -- into this world of agile, flexible systems that, that support all different kinds of work environments and with our financial system, we've been able to close books remotely. I would say the one area that continues to be very strong on the finance side is planning because people are under a lot of pressure to come up with new plans on a regular basis. I don't know how many times we've gone through a new planning cycle, since the pandemic started, but it's such a fluid, challenging environment that it's putting a lot of pressure on planning and I think that is driving that need for financials. And then another area that we're seeing strong acceptance is actually in the area of scout and procurement because people are trying to get a handle on their supply chains and their costs during this environment, so. But I think core accounting is going to have a pop post-pandemic.
Mark Murphy: Okay, great. And Robynne, if I can sneak in just a very quick one with the understanding that you're holding off on the guidance. Is this 14% to 16% subscription backlog growth guidance for Q4, arithmetically, I feel like perhaps that's a reasonable starting point on how we maybe could think about subscription revenue growth in fiscal year 2022 just given that'd be the glide path of exiting the year into pretty big bookings number, right, that that kind of waterfalls into the out year. I mean is there anything you would say to kind of dissuade us from at a high level thinking about it along those lines?
Robynne Sisco: Well, Mark, I would just say that, obviously, we'll be in a better position to talk about FY 22 subscription revenue after we get through Q4, particularly given how uncertain the environment is. The backlog guidance, as I mentioned before, considers a tough compare from Q4 of last year where we accelerated both net new bookings, growth and backlog growth. And we face that tough compare environment where we still see net new business headwinds. So, right now we're focused on continuing to execute well through Q4, we'll really have a better view in FY 2021 on our next earning call and we'll share that with you then.
Mark Murphy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Hynes with Canaccord. You may proceed with your question.
David Hynes: Yes. Hey, thanks, guys. So, Aneel, I think you hit on this a little bit last question, right, but the challenge that we're hearing from execs today is around, kind of employee engagement and preserving culture during the pandemic and look, I think a lot of that falls in the C suite, but some of it also to HR. So, I'm curious if there are opportunities, or considerations that kind of influence how you think about your HCM product roadmap, as you know, work from home or work from anywhere kind of becomes more permanent?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I've said this in the past, if there are trends that are beginning to take hold before an economic downturn, in many cases, they tend to get accelerated. And I talked about, like telemedicine, being one of those were telemedicine, they've been around for a long time, the pandemic hits and all of a sudden, it's exploding. This idea of a talent marketplace, first internal and then external is one of those areas for us where if you're in a low hire mode, as a company, you're trying to get work done you really trying to understand the skills you have amongst employees, what skills do they need to add with reskilling and learning? And how can you source that work that needs to get done from your existing employee base. So, this idea of a talent marketplace has definitely gains traction and the idea of this gig worker project-based work, I think, is getting traction faster because of the environment we're in, I throw reskilling into that as well. The other the other piece is much deeper understanding of trying to get a sense of how employees are feeling about their work environment, we all have heard mental health as an issue in the workforce today, given the remote work and so within Prism and within our People Analytics, we can do sentiment analysis and get a sense of with the polling questions that we do out of our HR system, get a sense of how people are doing. I think you'll see more investment from us in a fairly significant way in employee engagement to really understand how we're doing as -- company-by-company, how we're doing -- or how they're doing relative to engaging their employees in a positive way. And I probably one last thing is the big investment we're making in our -- in sharing our Vibe, our Vibe work, value, inclusion, belonging, and equity, creating an index, helping companies get a handle on their diversity and how they can be better. And that definitely has been accelerated by the environment we live in. So, actually quite a few changes as a result of this environment.
David Hynes: Yes, yes. No, that makes sense. And if I could ask maybe one quick follow-up for Chano, any way to frame kind of what percent of new customer relationships land outside of core HR today and maybe you know how that compares to say two years ago or something when the product portfolio was narrower?
Chano Fernandez: I mean, clearly there is a -- David, there is a higher percentage slanting out there today and thus trend if anything is accelerating, both within net new customers as well within our installed base customers for some of those that were initially ASEAN customers are moving more to their financial. And that is purely around core accounting systems or core financials where we announced we had hit 1,000 customers. But I think even most important as well that many of those are life unhappy and definitely, we have now many more levers to penetrate the office of the CFO with planning and procurement. And those are really helping customers to navigate change these times. So, we've been talking about how many more planners, science, and experimental ourselves customer-ship doing today. So, clearly, those products are giving us a bigger and there are more landing in the area on the office of the CFO than there were before because our portfolio is broader. And certainly the interest is as well on the customers are moving off their legacy systems to then do simple things like closing their books remotely and having flexible and agile cloud systems that help them navigate these times has significantly increase. And as we said before and what I see on the pipeline, we remain cautiously optimistic that there is going to be [Indiscernible] post-COVID on to that trend that we're seeing right now.
David Hynes: Yes. Okay, great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Zukin with RBC. You may proceed with your question.
Alex Zukin: Hey, guys thanks for taking the question. Maybe just the first one for you Aneel and Chano. If clearly the install base selling is inflecting this year 50% growth is quite an achievement, I guess where are we in that journey in terms of the -- as we look to Q4 and beyond how much room left is there in terms of install base monetization? And if we think longer term, maybe Aneel, like when does that new ACV headwind start to turn? I know -- I'm not asking you to predict the course the pandemic, obviously, but just when you -- is it as easy as when you start pumping some of the COVID impacted quarters next year or do you see something changing before then?
Aneel Bhusri: I'll address the product component. I hope the idea of install base selling just continues to get stronger and stronger because we're adding more and more SKUs to the portfolio that we can go back to our customers, they're happy. They made a bet on Workday, there are more things we can do for them. And so you see it in the additional SKUs we're bringing to market most recent one being the talent marketplace, but also the Workday Accounting Center. So, we're constantly coming with SKUS to offer to our installed base. In terms of the sales motion and how that works, I'll leave that to Chano. But you shouldnt think of the product line is static, you should think of the product line is as ever growing, because there still is a lot of opportunity in HR for new modules and there's tons of opportunity in finance for new modules.
Chano Fernandez: Yes, I completely agree with Aneel, Alex, and hope you're doing well. I mean there are many, many new solutions that we've brought to market lately. I mean even -- of course, we've been talking Workday Strategic Sourcing, but if you think even products like learning or Prism Analytics or Workforce Planning, they're still far away in terms of the penetration ratios that we see a lot of areas like clearly payroll or cruising, or some of our more penetrated products these days. And we're adding new products like Health, People Analytics or Workday Extend. So, we had a great opportunity going forward there. In terms of how do we see it in on the net new side? I mean, clearly, of course, next year, and especially H1, we have certainly better comps and easier comp the way has happened this year. Certainly, we'd see that some of the lockdowns, hopefully going away, will help us out, especially Rest of the World. And obviously, some of these new products even to penetrate new customers with some of the -- basically different levers that we do have today for HR or finance sales. Definitely last but not least, if we -- some of the distress or more mostly heat verticals today, that hopefully will have a better -- there will be a better place clearly as we get into a world where there is a little bit more of the outside of the [Indiscernible]. So, those verticals will be opening up. And then obviously some of the new markets that we're opening, right like federal, and so will be contributing. So, there are there are a number of levers I would say in rest of the world, that's what we found definitely more and more SKUs. Some of the new industries or let's say industries in terms being new -- in terms of that they not be much at play during the pandemic, but we'll be opening again, hopefully within the course of next year.
Alex Zukin: Make sense. And then maybe just a quick one for Robynne, you talk about the kind of investing for growth strategy, which makes a lot of sense, given all the things that Chano just mentioned, but I guess from a -- I know we're not guiding, but if you look at the margin expansion this year, clearly, I don't think anybody is expecting anything close to that for next year. But is the guidance or the color that you're providing, is it fair to assume kind of a flat margins trajectory, dip in margins, or just a much smaller expansion?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, so Alex, investing for growth remains our top priority and we have a lot of opportunities ahead that we're excited about and we've been talking about how we're going to pick up the pace of investments in Q4 and through next year. And when you think about our 19% non-GAAP margin guidance for this year, it does almost 600 basis point improvement over FY 2020 and under normal circumstances that would take two to three years for us to have that kind of margin expansion. But obviously, this has been a very unique year. So, we still need to get through Q4 and finalize our plan for next year, before we have a better view. But certainly, you can expect our pace of hiring to pick up in FY 2022. Some of the COVID benefits that we saw this year likely to subside, particularly in areas like travel and events. And given all that it'd be reasonable to see our margins next year coming off of this year's level. You can see that investment starting to have an impact when you consider our Q4 margin guidance. And then the last thing to keep in mind is that as we increase the pace of investment, you'll see an immediate impact on our expenses, while the resulting impact to revenue from those investments are going to take a little longer.
Alex Zukin: Understood. Thank you so much and hope you guys are all staying safe and well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. You may proceed with your question.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you and congratulations on a good quarter. I know its a lot of hard work went into it. So, two questions, if you don't mind. Chano with a worldwide lockdown continuing, how do you think about driving new deal generation? Do we need to see a return to traveling conferences to fill the top of the funnel? What do you replace the in-person meeting and conferences? Or is it just hiring more bodies and more advertising? I mean how's the business model from a sales point of view changing? And then a follow-up.
Chano Fernandez: Yes, no, it's a great question. I don't -- if I look at the pipeline, and again, remaining cautiously optimistic, we had not only a good Q3 in terms of execution, we had a very good Q3 in terms of pipeline creation, right? We're kind of, again, shooting for kind of same dynamics into Q4, especially the focus around the pipeline and we're putting -- or we're doing these investments around sales and marketing, that they're not only the more and more feet on the street, clearly there is more feet on the street that we're planning on centers, and we see opportunity for growth. But obviously, it's also as well around marketing, investments, branding, and so on and so forth to support us in terms of our pipeline and demand generation efforts especially next year and year after, right? Again, if I look at that strength, when I look pipeline creation, of course, you have net new customers, they are contributing and you have a course net new products or SKUs on to the installed base, right? If I look at the trend I would say that the team has done a great job on managing it virtually up to this point and we got a lot of learnings. And clearly, if you would ask me the team will be anxious, and I would be anxious to get in front of customers, because I think that that plays better to what we do. But I think we were fighting very nicely in that model and we're certainly learning on doing better and more efficiently. So, again, better to be in a pre-COVID world. If you ask me, I don't think we're going to be able to go back to similar levels of travel is going to be potentially more 30% to 50% less that people traveled before. But still that would be better than doing also remotely, but pipeline creation is being -- it has had a good performance on this environment Mark.
Mark Moerdler: Perfect, really helpful. Question, we focused more on deals often, but wanted to ask about the process of driving customers to go live. How is the lockdown change the complexity or the time it takes to drive customers to a live condition?
Chano Fernandez: Well, I would like to give a big shout out to Emily McEvilly and the team within Services because they've done a fantastic job with over 190 customers going live this quarter, but I thinks some of those are significantly relevant, right? When you think Walmart with 1.7 million employees going live during this period, or Accenture, with over 500,000 employees, or you think of UBS or GE, or you think Progressive Insurance, or financials -- core financials, all going live during this period. Those have no minor accomplishment, right. So, I think that is a testament to the good work of the Services team of bringing them live fully remotely and we were doing pre-pandemic 80% and secondly, is a testament to our technology and the possibility to doing really flexible performance and scalability technology. So, and all those are happy to be honest, so that's a great place to be.
Mark Moerdler: Good. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed with your question.
Josh Baer: Hi. This is Josh Baer on for Keith. With all of the conversation around pipeline and building pipeline and optimism there, I guess Im wondering with the strength in results how should we think about the current pipeline today versus how it -- how compared to pre-COVID?
Chano Fernandez: Well, I think -- thank you, Josh for your question. This is Chano speaking. If the question is are we already at pre-COVID levels? We are not. Wed love to be there, but we are not yet at the pre-COVID levels. Of course, we -- lets say that we are getting closer, but I think what you should think is we are cautiously optimism from our point of view in terms of what were seeing on demand generation and pipeline creation to help us deliver our growth or resources starting in Q4 and looking forward. But then, obviously there is the second wave thats well in front of us that is creating more near-term uncertainty for which we dont know yet what is going to be the impact or how long it is going to take basically for all of us to get on the other side, right. So, I guess there is this situation where we would like to know more as well in terms of how is the environment going to be evolving recognizing that were seeing gradual improvement, at least for our business and where we deliver and the stabilization and certainly we are in a much better place right now than we were at the beginning of the pandemic back in March, April timeframe.
Josh Baer: Great. And Im just curious if you have any insights into what youre seeing internationally as there is different COVID waves and lockdown government responses in different countries. Is there any difference in buying behavior that youre seeing in different geographic locations? Thanks.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Josh. No, we still see a big opportunity ahead of us in the rest of the world market and were certainly optimistic around the opportunity. And thats why we are making a big part of our investments that were making right now and planning to make because we -- as the contribution of the international revenue mix continues to grow higher and we see it continuing to growing higher over a medium and long-term, right. Clearly, there are countries that have been going and suffering a lockdown and that has had some impact and some headwinds in terms of the net new business and maybe of course our installed base is not yet as large as it is in the U.S. And I think were amazingly prepared to have a fantastic year in international ahead of the pandemic. The leadership is still there and its really driving in terms of this pipeline creation [Indiscernible] and we are really excited again as we are getting onto the other end. And some of those markets are opening in terms of being a significant growth contributor to our journey forward.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with UBS. You may proceed with your question.
Karl Keirstead: Thank you. Ive got two for Robynne. Robynne if you dont mind can we go back to the 4Q subscription backlog guidance of 14% to 16%? So, thats a seven to nine point decel from 3Q. But its actually only a one point tougher compare. So maybe you could elaborate on the compare comment you made. Maybe you meant on the net new ACV front. And then also, is there any duration compression that might be impacting that 4Q number and if not just generally whether this reflects a demand backdrop that feels just incrementally tougher perhaps than what Workday saw in 2Q and 3Q? Thanks.
Robynne Sisco: Yes. So, the backlog while certainly an important forward-looking metric is not a precise gauge as you know. Its impacted by things like duration, which -- and maybe Ill go to your second question now, we did see increased duration in Q3 that we do not expect to repeat in Q4. So, thats part of it. Also the timing of renewals have an impact, which can move around. And so, those are things that just to keep into account when youre looking at our guide. We have seen some stability in the environment over the past couple of quarters, which along with the strong execution has helped drive some of the backlog results in the past few quarters. But the guide does consider this tough compare. And when we look at last Q4, we did accelerate net new bookings and reaccelerate the backlog growth. And so thats the tough compare that were facing in an environment that remains very, very uncertain. And so weve taken all that into account in our guide and well obviously be able to tell you more next quarter. But Q4 is a big quarter for us and were right now focused on executing against that quarter.
Karl Keirstead: Okay. Thats helpful, Robynne. Thanks for unpacking that a little bit. And then my second question is just on the go-lives that Aneel commented on earlier, kind of an amazing go-live quarter for Workday. Actually, if I cut them all, Walmart, Accenture, UPS, GE, thats a lot of very large go-lives. Did any of those or collectively did they trigger any milestones that might have impacted the 3Q numbers in anyway? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: I dont know if they triggered any milestones in terms of the number. I leave that to you Robynne. Again as Chano mentioned just very appreciative and proud of Emily and our team and our -- and Id say our business partners as well who figured out how to get these large customers live during this pandemic. And one of those going live in the quarter would be terrific having four of them go live in the same time frame. Thats really remarkable from a services perspective and as far as I know theyre all so very happy.
Robynne Sisco: And maybe Ill just add that as you know, most of our implementations are run by our partners and dont result in professional services revenue to Workday. So, we do prime about 20% of them. And while we do have some revenues that can get driven by milestone on fixed fee contracts, there really wasnt anything to call out in the quarter in terms of big milestones net driving revenue.
Karl Keirstead: Got it. Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse. You may proceed with your question.
Brad Zelnick: Excellent. Thank you so much for taking my questions. Firstly, you mentioned Workday Accounting Center a few times which weve been hearing about more recently from the field. Can you help us understand what exactly is it, how do you see it impacting your competitive positioning and perhaps what is it replacing and why?
Aneel Bhusri: Chano, do you want to take that one on?
Chano Fernandez: Why don't you take that one?
Aneel Bhusri: Pete, why dont you take that one? Yeah, Pete take it on and then maybe Chano just talk about where were competing.
Pete Schlampp: Yes. So, Accounting Center has been really important for us in being able to open up certain verticals, especially like the financial services vertical for Financials and you did hear us earlier talk about how it helped us in the Fifth Third Bank win this quarter and a few of the previous bank wins that weve had in previous quarters. So, to answer your question what is it. Accounting Center is a way for our customers to bring in all of their operational data and bring it into Workday and secure it then do accounting on it and have that accounting roll up into their GL. So, if you were, for instance, in the insurance industry and you wanted to take a look at something that is happening at the GL level, but you want to go all the way back and go back to the individual policies and claims, for instance, youd be able to do that right inside of Workday. This is replacing a lot of data management infrastructure that would otherwise have to be managed by the CFO and the CIO and our customers are finding its value of having it in a single system and being able to do all the analysis and get their answers right there in front of them.
Brad Zelnick: Cool. Thank you very much for that. Maybe if I could just ask a follow-up of Chano, another pipeline question. And I appreciate your comments which sound very encouraging. But maybe just to dig a little bit deeper as you analyze and scrub the pipeline and you look at opportunities that are pushing out versus maybe shrinking in size but still closing versus competitive losses, sorry to bring those up. But if you break it down into various stages and consider things like time to close and forecast accuracy and how thats all changing, what are some of the more detailed takeaways that you can share that tell the story of whats actually happening in the field and in the environment right now and ultimately support your confidence?
Chano Fernandez: On this environment -- thank you for the question, Brad. On this environment the most sticky, lets say, impact that we can see is kind of push opportunities more than any other thing a few quarters ahead. And that, of course, comes because of the uncertainty of the environment and basically some customers maybe net new customers in some industries especially with the hardest hit industries there is, yes, more uncertainty and they are more basically balancing out which are the projects that they should be starting if any at all and which ones that are not, right. So, I would say that the highest impact there potentially is as you know potential push opportunities going farther into a few quarters, more than any other change, right. We havent seen any changes in terms of competitive and kind of momentum over there. Thank you for bringing it up. But thats the one that, of course, is more depending on these uncertainties of environment than any other lines. So, we remain very focused on the -- clearly on the pipeline creation efforts and maturing and we have had great conversion of rates and ratios on these last two quarters, Q2 and Q3. But when we look forward, and again, we are looking optimistically to Q4, weve got to be respectful in terms of how is the growth, this uncertainty and this second wave is going to be evolving.
Brad Zelnick: Thank you so much for the color and for taking the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Jefferies. You may proceed with your question.
Brent Thill: Robynne, not to dwell on the Q4 backlog guide, but I dont think youve ever seen a 800 point decel at midpoint. So, I think I was just asking did something happen in Q3 where some of these deals got pulled into the backlog from Q4 or we realize obviously environment, but I think I was just trying to reconcile this? And I think we havent seen it in the model in the past.
Robynne Sisco: Yes. So, no, nothing happened to the backlog -- Im sorry, the pipeline in Q4 still looks good where we continue to execute well. When you look at the combination of duration which helped us in Q3 and Q2, very, very tough compare from last year in pre-COVID days and all the uncertainty that were seeing and the law of large numbers. This is just our best view right now, Brent. And so its obviously our biggest quarter of the year. A lot of uncertainties still out there, even though we have seen things stabilize. And so were just focused on execution. This is the best that we have so far in terms of our view in the backlog and we will obviously update you next quarter.
Brent Thill: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Jester with Citi. You may proceed with your question.
Daniel Jester: Great. Good afternoon. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just maybe a bigger picture question on M&A. Scout has obviously done well; Adaptive has done well over time. Now that youve incorporated those businesses, how does that change how you think about inorganic activity, especially given the comments in the call today about sort of ramping investments into next year? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: I dont know if it changes our view. I think it just gives us confidence that if we find the right kind of company that is a good fit culturally, that is an innovative growth company and thats complementary from a technology perspective not overlapping that that is something that we now feel very comfortable. Tom Bogan has really led that effort that. We feel comfortable we can integrate those companies into Workday, but also with the commitment that over time we will harmonize the technologies so we dont become a Frankenstein like some of our legacy competitors have become. Its really important that we can maintain that unified view across our applications and so thats -- and thats key to driving it. So, I think youll see more from us for sure coming down the pipe, but I also think theyre going to fit the -- they are going to fit the Adaptive and Scout models. Its not going to be a -- I dont see us doing a big acquisition that is overlapping technology wise. I think thats just -- that actually slows us down.
Daniel Jester: Great. Appreciate the color and best of luck in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This will conclude Workday's third quarter fiscal year 2021 earnings conference call. Thank you again for joining us.

===== 2021 Q2  (2020-08-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participant are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. And with that, I will now hand it over to Justin Furby, Senior Director of Investor Relations.
Justin Furby: Welcome to Workday's second quarter fiscal '21 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our Co-CEO; Chano Fernandez, our Co-CEO; Robynne Sisco, our President and CFO; Tom Bogan, our Vice Chairman; and Pete Schlampp, our Executive Vice President of Product Development following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those related to the impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and global economic conditions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for additional information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Also, the customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our third quarter quiet period begins on October 16, 2020. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2020. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Justin, and welcome to Workday's second quarter fiscal year '21 earnings conference call. I'm pleased to report that Workday delivered a strong second quarter with healthy demand across all product areas and geographies. Despite the challenging environment, our success as a company continues to be driven by the forward-thinking companies that expect more from their enterprise applications and choose Workday as their partner for finance and HR. I'm very proud of our workmates across the globe who came together in such a remarkable way, and mostly working from their home offices to drive these strong Q2 results. We're obviously living in unique times, simultaneously navigating a health care crisis, an economic crisis and a social crisis. This year will no doubt be one we will remember for all of our lives. It's also a moment in time that businesses and their leaders are in a unique position to drive change for the good and demonstrate that companies can and should have a soul. To that end, we have taken a leadership role in addressing social inequality and continuing to drive diversity and inclusion at Workday. To help move us forward, we have recruited some of the most passionate and brightest minds from across Workday into an accelerated team guided by our Chief Diversity Officer, Karen Taylor. We have four guiding principles: number one, building inclusive products and technologies; number two, hiring and developing diverse talent; number three, cultivating a culture of belonging; and number four, strengthening our communities. Our accelerated team is focused on helping us identify priorities and metrics that will help us drive and measure success against these principles. We look forward to updating you on our progress in the near future. Moving on to the business highlights. We had another strong quarter for Workday HCM, where the migration to the cloud continues with notable customer additions, including Air Liquide, IB, the State of Oklahoma and German manufacturing leader, Thyssenkrupp. I'm also pleased to mention that we added one of the largest U.S. telecommunications services companies to our Fortune 50 customer list. And as always, customer success remains a key differentiator for Workday. In Q2, we had several HCM go-lives, including General Motors, The Hartford, Eli Lilly and Bridgestone Americas. Turning to Workday financial management. We saw continued strong momentum across the expanding product line in Q2, including a financial's first win at Comerica Bank and notable platform wins where companies selected both core financials and HCM together at Sharp Healthcare, The Amenity Collective and American Financial Group. Among the many core financials go-lives in the quarter, I would like to highlight Prisma Health and Nebraska Medicine. In addition, CNA and Shelter Insurance both went live as early adopters of Workday Accounting Center, a new offering that has served as a key differentiator in several of our recent strategic core financials wins. I'm pleased to say that Workday Accounting Center is on schedule to be commercially available this fall. In addition to the strong commercial success this quarter, we also added a federal government agency with 4,000 employees as an HCM and financials customer, and this agency has partnered with us as we seek FedRAMP authorization. Indeed, for many years, we have provided solutions for state and local governments as well as numerous federal labs and DoD contractors, and we view the federal market as a next logical step in our market expansion. Our near-term focus is on ensuring success with this initial partnership, but we are excited by the longer-term opportunity to serve the federal marketplace. Turning to some of our newer initiatives. We once again saw solid demand for our expanding suite of products that support the office of the CFO and Chief Procurement Officer, including Workday Adaptive Planning, Prism Analytics and Spend Management, where we now support more than 1,000 procurement customers. Scout RFP had another excellent quarter as companies are increasingly looking for the ability to get their arms around their supplier network and appreciate the rapid time to value the solutions like Scout can provide to them. Indeed, the three Fortune 500 sourcing wins that we announced last quarter are all now live and in production. Turning to product development. In Q2, we announced availability for Workday Help and Journeys, new solutions that extend the power of Workday people experience, our machine learning-driven employee experience. In addition, we announced availability of people analytics, which leverages our Prism foundation to help empower HR and business leaders to make better people decisions. We also continue to help our customers with their return to work planning during this time, including joint offerings with key partners, such as the announcement we had last quarter with Salesforce -- by the way, congratulations on the great quarter, Mark -- and more recently with IBM, where we announced the availability of a joint solution to plan, schedule and monitor our customers' safe return to the workplace. Last earnings call, I shared my belief that this environment will ultimately serve as another catalyst to accelerate the adoption of finance and HR systems in the cloud. Our Q2 results and my conversations with business leaders suggest that companies are increasingly realizing the strategic importance of having agile flexible systems to support their mission-critical business processes now and in the future. Lastly, I want to end on the exciting news that my great friend and colleague, Chano Fernandez, has been promoted to Co-CEO of Workday. In his expanded role, Chano will now oversee all of our customer-facing activities, including sales, customer services and support and many aspects of marketing. Chano joined Workday back in 2014 as our President of EMEA and has taken out more and more responsibilities over time, most recently as Co-President of the company. He is an amazing values-based leader and has driven his teams to great success over the years. So the move to Co-CEO is a natural progression for him, for Workday and for me. I'm personally thrilled to be his partner for this next chapter for Workday. And for those of you who have followed Workday for a while, you will hopefully remember that my Co-Founder, Dave and I operated as Co-CEOs for almost five years, and the model worked great for us and for the company. I wholeheartedly expect the Co-CEO structure will also work great for Chano and me. Congratulations, Chano, and a big thanks to you and your team for a great Q2 and looking forward to being your partner for many years to come. Over to you.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Aneel. I'm incredibly grateful to yourself, Dave and the entire Board for the trust you have placed in me. It's an honor. I'm thrilled to partner with you and our exceptional workmates across the globe on our exciting journey ahead. Before providing my update, I wanted to begin by echoing Aneel's comments and express my thanks and appreciation to our field team for a strong Q2. I am pleased with our progress, especially in the context of the ongoing macro uncertainty, and it was good to see the solid performance across our segments, regions, products. Many businesses seem to be settling into this uncertain environment and increasingly realizing the need to move forward with their digital transformation initiatives. This, along with our strong execution drove improving conversion rates in Q2 relative to what we experienced in the March-April time frame. Our second quarter performance was broad-based and included strong results from both net new and back-to-base teams. In the large enterprise, we landed nine new global 2,000 HCM customers and two Global 2000 FINS deals. We also saw strength in our education and government team highlighted by the win of the state of Oklahoma, and we have a growing pipeline of state and local government opportunities. The medium enterprise also had another solid quarter, continuing a multi-quarter trend. From a regional perspective, North America and APAC were standouts, and we had improving performance in Europe. The back-to-base team delivered another solid quarter with over 50% growth again this quarter, driven by strength across products, including FINS, workforce and financial planning, Prism Analytics, learning, Scout RFP and newly launched Accounting Center. It's early, but we're also encouraged by pipeline creation from some of our newest products, including health, Workday Extend, people analytics.  Going forward, we remain cautiously optimistic that market dynamics will slowly improve as we approach year-end and head into FY '22. More importantly, we are extremely optimistic on the longer-term opportunity that will come from this environment, as businesses increasingly realize the importance of Workday in navigating and driving times of change. With that, I will turn it over to our newly minted President, Robynne Sisco. Congrats, Robynne. Over to you.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Chano. I look forward to continuing our partnership and supporting you in your new role. As Aneel and Chano both noted, Q2 was a very solid quarter despite an uncertain environment, driven by strong execution against a slightly improved market backdrop as many companies continued with their digital transformation initiatives. I'm going to briefly recap our second quarter results, update our guidance for Q3 and FY '21 and then open it up for your questions. Subscription revenue in the second quarter was $932 million, up 23% year-over-year. The outperformance was driven by strong renewals, favorable new business linearity and a onetime benefit of $6 million from the acceleration of revenue on a customer contract. Professional services revenue was $130 million, and total revenue was $1.062 billion. Total revenue outside the U.S. was $257 million, 24% of the total. Subscription revenue backlog was $8.60 billion at the end of the second quarter growth of 22% year-over-year. The backlog performance was driven by strong new ACV bookings across both net new and add-on business. In addition, we once again experienced strong renewals with gross retention over 95% and net retention, which includes upsells at the time of renewal, over 100%. Subscription revenue backlog that will be recognized within the next 24 months was $5.78 billion, growth of 21%. Our non-GAAP operating income for the second quarter was $258 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 24%. The operating margin outperformance was driven by a combination of top line overachievement; slower hiring; continued COVID-related moderation of operating expenses, including travel and marketing; and some onetime credits related to canceled events. Q2 operating cash flow was $157 million, growth of 57% year-over-year, driven by solid collections and moderated spending. We continue to work with customers, both new and existing, that request more flexible payment terms, specifically in industry's hardest hit by the pandemic. This payment flexibility acts as a near-term headwind to cash flow and unearned revenue, though it's important to keep in mind that it has no impact on our subscription revenue, subscription revenue backlog or long-term customer economics. During the quarter, we settled our 2020 $250 million convertible note using cash proceeds from the final funding of our term loan. We exited our second quarter with $2.8 billion of cash and marketable securities and have access to $750 million of unused capacity on our revolving line of credit. Our total workforce at the end of the quarter was approximately 12,300 employees, slightly down from Q1. The hiring in the quarter was focused primarily on a limited number of strategic positions to support our key growth initiatives. This was offset by normal levels of employee attrition that had not yet been backfilled by the end of the quarter. We're extremely pleased with our results and execution in Q2. And while we remain cautious on the near-term pace of recovery, we see significant long-term opportunity ahead to support our growth aspirations. Now turning to guidance, which, despite our outperformance in Q2, continues to be governed by the assumptions we outlined last quarter, specifically, that we continue to face an uncertain and challenging environment, which we expect will remain in the near term with only slowly improving market dynamics as we approach year-end. As a result of our strong Q2 performance, we are raising our FY '21 subscription revenue estimate to be in the range of $3.73 billion to $3.74 billion, 20% to 21% growth. We expect our Q3 subscription revenue to be $948 million to $950 million, 19% growth. We now expect professional services revenue to be $525 million in fiscal '21 and $135 million in Q3. As always, our priority is to support our customers' successful deployments and drive the highest levels of customer satisfaction. In line with these goals, we expect a balanced approach in terms of partner and Workday primes to ensure our partner ecosystem continues to be healthy and active. For Q3, we expect subscription revenue backlog growth in the high teens. We estimate Q3 non-GAAP operating margin to be approximately 19%. For the full year, we now expect a non-GAAP operating margin of 18%, up from our previous view of 16%. This full year margin improvement is largely the result of our top line over performance. The GAAP operating margin is expected to be lower than the non-GAAP margin by approximately 26 percentage points in both the third quarter and the full year. Our FY '21 capital investment guidance remains unchanged at $280 million. I'd like to close by thanking our amazing employees, customers and partners for their continued support and hard work, which allowed us to deliver strong Q2 results during these unprecedented times. Our first half performance has reinforced our confidence in the fundamental strength of our business and the long-term opportunity that we see ahead. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question come from the line of Kirk Materne of Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your questions.
Kirk Materne: Congrats on the quarter and congratulations to Chano on the promotion. Well deserved. I think my question is for Aneel. Aneel, I think there was some concern amongst investors that companies that were in the more traditional back-office categories of software, maybe namely HCM and ERP, would get shoved to the back of the line in terms of spending priorities due to COVID. And I think with these results, that thesis was clearly a bit faulty. So I was wondering if you could talk about how customers are thinking about Workday relative to their other mission-critical systems in terms of prioritization around spend? And then why the conversations you're having today maybe put you in a different category versus some of the traditional ERP vendors?
Aneel Bhusri: Thanks, Kirk. So first of all, I think the most important piece is we're not an ERP vendor. I think there's a lot of connotations with ERP that are 2- to 3-year implementations that the payback takes a long time. We're quick to implement HR and finance systems really oriented towards employees and running the business in a very agile environment. So on the HR side, very simply, with the pandemic and with all the other issues facing companies right now, employees are front and center for everybody. And you should think about HCM, not just as a back-office system, but an employee engagement system. But also with the pandemic, companies have had to change their business processes radically, and they're changing them on a weekly basis. And the legacy systems just can't do that. So we saw some holdouts of companies that were working with legacy systems just decide, "Hey, we just need to make the plunge and go into the cloud even though we're in the middle of the pandemic." Similarly on the finance side, the flexibility that starts their planning system, the ability to recreate and generate plans on a really rapid basis based on a system adaptive that can go live within a month and our core accounting system where you can close the books without having anybody in the office completely remotely can be live in 6 to 9 months. And so I think companies that are in a place to invest continue to invest in these data transformation areas, and they're embracing the cloud. And HR and finance are still very important.
Kirk Materne: And if I could ask just a quick follow-up for Robynne. Robynne, you mentioned, obviously, that most of the outperformance on margins was sort of due to the outperformance on the top line -- or the change in guidance rather was due to outperformance on the top line. In the back half of the year, do you expect to accelerate -- to accelerate hiring, rather? And how should we think about sort of your ability to raise -- to spend more in the back half, I guess, or hire more in the back half?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, Kirk. So we said in the last call that we do expect to see slow improvements in Q4. So we've been planning all along to start reinvesting in the back half of the year, and we continue to have that assumption. So we will start investing in areas like sales, marketing, product and technology. And as I mentioned before, we did have some onetime benefits in Q3 that wont repeat such as credits for canceled events. So we feel very good about our ability to invest in the back half of the year and to execute against those investment plans and a good payoff from that in the future.
Operator: Our next question has come from the line of Kash Rangan of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your questions
Kasthuri Rangan: Congratulations for the Workday team on a fantastic quarter, and congrats to Chano on your promotion. A question for you, Aneel or Chano, whoever wants to take this. As you look at your user conference Workday Rising, which has tended to be a big event where [indiscernible] together serve as a great opportunity for building a pipeline, how are you thinking about calendar '21, assuming that calendar '20 is going to be just fine as far as the forward look of business and build a pipeline for next year's business initiatives? And also, if you can just spend a minute on, we have been picking up from the field that there is pent-up demand for an integrated HCM financial system in the cloud that if you didn't do it, youre stuck as guys as a customer. So how are you seeing that in your pipeline? And what is the adoption of financials integrated with HCM in the Fortune 500 segment of the market, is that poised to accelerate in calendar 21?
Aneel Bhusri: I think Chano is the right person to answer those questions. So I'll refer to the Co-CEO.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Kash. So from a rising perspective, you are right, we made the decision to pivot and hold off Rising until next year, which is hopefully safe to get together again. And instead, what we are doing is introducing a special digital event that will explore the most present challenges facing businesses right now, which we think is more appropriate at this time. But I would like as well to highlight that Rising isn't necessarily a big pipeline builder for us. The primary there is customers and later stage prospects Kash. From a pipeline build perspective, I'm kind of looking out to next year, we've seen improvement relative to what we saw in Q1, which is encouraging, and we're moving closer to pre-COVID levels, but we aren't yet quite back to this from a pipeline build perspective. And with the biggest impact here in the verticals, we already call out, like travel, hospitality and retail. But there are as well a lot of areas. I'm very encouraged by -- in terms of pipeline build like what we are seeing in state of local government vertical, financial services, technology and media and more broadly on our installed base team pipeline, also that one accelerates faster, which can also may be helpful for year-end faster build up pipeline to support the event on the back of this year.
Kasthuri Rangan: And on the financials, pent-up demand possibly for financials HCM in the Fortune 500 segment of the market, if that is the case?
Chano Fernandez: What we're seeing right now in financials is that, if you talk to some of our partners and we're seeing it indirectly ourselves, there are a number of evaluations going on at this point in time. So a, we've seen some improvement, clearly, on the financial side. And it's reflected as well in some of the customers that we've been mentioning. But as what we are expecting, as Aneel was mentioning, that as we turn the corner from COVID and due to the number of evaluations that are happening and taking place now, it may accelerate. Again, the environment remains uncertain on fluid cash. So it's difficult to call out. But certainly, the number of evaluations out there has increased until companies have realized this environment, the need for that flexibility and agility that Aneel was talking about, and that cannot be on our legacy systems.
Operator: Our next question come from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions
Mark Murphy: And Chano, I wanted to say congratulations. You've had the Midas touch in every single role that we've seen and just can't wait to see how it builds from here. I just had a question on the imprint of the pandemic on Workday financials. Because we've heard so many anecdotes of how modernizing finance is going to be necessary from a survival standpoint. And I'm curious if that is overcoming the hesitation that we've always seen to change a core system like that amidst a pretty uncertain environment. Well, I guess I'll just leave it at that.
Aneel Bhusri: Chano?
Chano Fernandez: Yes, Mark, kind of what I've been commenting with Kash, right? what I can say is that I think companies -- and this is anecdotal but are realizing the need to modernize the financial systems, again, some of them is having challenges across the book remotely. Some of them having challenges to basically made the changes required. I can tell you, customers that are telling they are having people sneaking onto their business to download some reports and being able to provide the financial numbers, right, while their offices are closed. So clearly, the understanding and the need for the modernization is there, as you would say, from a survival perspective, right, to be able to accomplish some of these tasks. I would also, again, repeat myself saying that the number of evaluations that we're seeing out there and our partners are seeing has increased in the financial side, again, with the caveat, it's difficult to anticipate how the overall environment, which is quite uneven and fluid is going to evolve. We might be expecting that this might produce an acceleration on the other end. It's early to say yet.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Keith Weiss, Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Very nice quarter. A question for Aneel and related to Chano, congratulations on the new role. Aneel, with Chano now becoming Co-CEO, do you imagine your role changing at all? And how do you guys think about kind of dividing up the responsibilities between the 2 of you? Are you going to move into something that's like more strategic and Chano is going to be working on sort of the day-to-day operations? Or like how do you guys foresee that working with the 2 of you as Co-CEOs now?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, so Chano was taking on all of customer services and a lot of marketing, too. And that's half the company. And for me, I'm more of a product person and strategy person, and I personally would like to get back to working with our product teams and our venture teams and our strategy teams on where we go in the future. And then it's super important that we maintain the great culture that we have. And so working with employees is critical, too. So much like it was with me and Dave, two like-minded people are better than one in the CEO job. And it was my best experience at Workday, when Dave and I were Co-CEOs. So I'm thrilled to be able to share the role with Chano. And he's much stronger operational leader than I am. And so he's going to take over the things that are -- that he's really great at. And over time, we'll figure it out. We're great friends, and we'll figure out the right mix over time.
Chano Fernandez: Yes. Go ahead.
Keith Weiss: No, you go first.
Aneel Bhusri: No. I would like Chano to comment on that, too. .
Chano Fernandez: I'm very excited about the opportunity, clearly, and I'm really thankful, as I said, to Aneel and Dave and the rest of the Board. I think we are quite complementary, and we get together along very well. And we had a good point of views on kind of each other's areas. But certainly, really, really excited to be contributing as much as I can more from broader go-to-market, customer relationship as a whole, from the acquisition to customer success to services and clearly to support and driving the company going forward with the support of Robynne and the rest of the Executive Committee team. So I think it's a good breakout, the one we have right now. Quite clean cut, to be honest, but allow us potentially to play to the strengths that we -- that both of us have. So it's great.
Keith Weiss: It sounds great. And if I could sneak one last one in. Chano, you mentioned you're encouraged about the strengthening you're seeing in the new products. And you talked about Workday extend that seems like a pretty exciting solution set and that it can really expand the hand pretty greatly for Workday. Can you talk to us a little bit about some of the initial use cases and kind of workloads that you're seeing people put on the extend platform?
Chano Fernandez: I'm going to hand over that one to Pete Schlampp from the product because I think he's in a much better place to answer that one.
Peter Schlampp: Yes. Thanks for the question. So the first thing I would remind you is that Extend is more than a revenue opportunity for us. It's an opportunity for us to find ways to become more efficient in R&D because as we provide these tools to our customers, they're able to extend Workday in the ways that they need in their unique situations, instead of us having to actually go and build product for them. So that's great. Now that said, we've -- this quarter, we've seen some great wins, some great early wins with Extend, and pipeline is looking great as well. We've been seeing lots of use cases. I think we have about 100 different applications live today. One of them that just went live this quarter was a company that had built a self-assessment capability inside of Extend, so employees could self-assess as they were getting ready to return to work and determine whether they were ready. So Extend is about any type of use case, just extending the surface area of Workday.
Operator: Our next question has come from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions
Heather Bellini: And again, Chano, congrats on the promotion. Just I had a question, and I don't know Aneel or Robynne, if this is best for you, but just related to the pace of business, throughout the quarter. You guys obviously had very good results. You gave rightly so, conservative guidance for the quarter. But can you talk about kind of how the pace of business evolved over the course of the quarter, if you could share with us? Then I just have a quick follow-up.
Aneel Bhusri: Robynne?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. So we actually, Heather, had really good linearity this quarter. So on our earnings call last time, Chano had mentioned that he was starting to see more sales activity in May than we had seen in April. And we saw continued execution throughout the quarter, strong linearity, which added to our top line beat and good close rates, really strong close rates. And so Chano, anything you would add to that in terms of what you were seeing?
Chano Fernandez: No, I think it was a solid performance throughout the quarter. A big part of, of course, of how was the quarter closed out as a whole. It's hard to draw a completely straight-line, Heather, and say that every month put better linearity. But clearly, the broader observation is that the environment has improved since March and April, as we commented, and has kept improving since then, right? But as I said before, the market remains fluid in the near term, which is also as well reflected on our outlook price. And again, the biggest impact we still see in the verticals that has been hardest hit.
Heather Bellini: Great. Right. And then, Aneel, just to follow up on your introductory comments, do you think that what we're going through and just the desire to have more modern systems, do you think this will actually accelerate people's desire to move financials to the cloud? I know that that's been a market that's taken probably longer than people thought to really make a wholesale shift. Is this kind of an accelerant of that trend, do you think, based on what you're hearing?
Aneel Bhusri: I definitely think it is. The need for agility, flexibility is so critical in today's world. And maybe if you were running your business the last couple of years, and there weren't many external factors, your core accounting system is probably fine. But I actually think the bigger driver for us is the broadening of the fleet. 4 - 5 years ago, we were dealing with our core accounting message. And if the customer wasn't ready to replace core accounting, we didn't have anything else to talk to them about. Today, we can start with Planning. We can have the conversation about core accounting, but we could talk about Scout. We can talk about Prism Analytics. We now have the end-to-end suite that took a number of years, so legacy vendors to build on-premise, and now we have it in the cloud. 3, 4 years ago, we just did -- we didn't have that scope for that breadth. And today, we do. And I think that's a big part of why people are moving. They don't want to just move their core accounting system. They want to look at procurement. They want to look at Planning. They want to look at analytics and then increasingly now for a certain set of industries, the Workday Accounting Center. So when you add that all together, we now have a basket of products that meets the needs of pretty much everybody, and they can move forward with comfort that we can cover their full needs, not just one part of their needs. And I really do think that's the bigger driver.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Alex Zukin with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions
Alex Zukin: Congratulations on the quarter. And Chano, really thrilled for you as well. So maybe, Aneel, one of the interesting things, and you touched on it, I think, in answering Kirk's question, but I want to dig a little deeper. One of the interesting things we picked up recently in our field work is this increasing shift of power back to the HR executive and department, to your point, as more executives are getting concerned about employee engagement, talent management, mental health, diversity, inclusion in this new kind of remote world, and I guess the question is, what are you seeing from this? Are you seeing this in the field actually starting to impact sales cycles, pipelines conversation? And does this impact the secular growth trajectory of the HCM business as we kind of come out of this crisis or longer term?
Aneel Bhusri: In terms of the secular growth, that's a hard one to predict. But I would say that its part of our goal, but I've never had so many CEO conversations on the HCM product line. And I think the issue of employee health, mental health, physical health, how are they doing working remotely, how are they working on their projects, this new world of skills and a different world around talent, it's working to become a number one priority for the CEOS. So that is definitely elevating the CHRO to position within the company.
Alex Zukin: And then maybe just one for Robynne. Can you talk about that $6 million accelerated payment term and also any just FX impacts on kind of the guidance, headwinds or tailwinds?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. Sure. So the $6 million was a result of a Workday customer, who was acquired by a non-Workday customer and therefore, they want to terminate their contract. So they prepaid the remaining balance of the contract, which should have gone several more years, and that caused an acceleration of the rest of the revenue across the contract, so a onetime event on that front. And I'm sorry, Alex, what was the second part of your question?
Alex Zukin: Just related to FX, in terms of the tailwinds or the headwinds with respect to the guide?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. Really no FX impact to call out.
Operator: Our next question has come from the line of Matt Pfau with William Blair. Please proceed with your questions
Matt Pfau : Congrats on the quarter, guys. I wanted to ask on Workday Launch and the expansion of the solution to large enterprises. Maybe first of all, is this a response to perhaps the demand for faster time-to-value solutions driven by COVID? Or is this something that was sort of always in the works pre-COVID? And then what's the scope of this in terms of the type of large enterprises that could potentially use Workday Launch to get up and running?
Aneel Bhusri: Chano?
Chano Fernandez: Yes. Thanks for your question, Matt. I mean, it was always kind of on the works once Launch was more proven in the medium enterprise across the board. And clearly, that offering was basically resulting in good outcomes in terms of both time-to-value and predictability of cost. So the idea was always to expand a bit more the upper and large enterprise. Right now, we're more on the lower end of large enterprise on the initial customers. So you could say something between the 4,000 to the 7,000 to 8,000 employees, kind of what we are implementing it. It can be across all verticals. Once you have basically the packetization of the full offering. And again, we'll provide both mainly both time-to-value and predictability of cost, sometimes on a fixed fee basis. 
Matt Pfau : And does it do anything to your market opportunity in terms of potentially accelerating adoption or reaching customers that you couldn't reach previously?
Chano Fernandez: It can definitely help on those customers that are looking for more proactive and predicted offering that will impact faster, quicker ROI, quicker time-to-value and also on those customers that are looking for a fixed cost, sometimes in terms of the offering of the implementation and have surprises. So definitely, it can be an accelerator on some of those markets we're applying.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Scott Berg with Needman Company. Please proceed with your questions
Ryan MacDonald: This is Ryan MacDonald on for Scott Berg. Congrats on a great quarter. Could you provide a little more color on Adaptive sales and the continued traction you see there compared maybe to the strong results you saw in Q1? And then also how pipeline is looking into the back half of the year for that?
Aneel Bhusri: Tom, do you want to?
Tom Bogan: Yes. So thanks for the question, Ryan. So we continue to make excellent progress with Adaptive. And I'd characterize it as, first, a lot of strength selling Workforce Planning into the Workday -- the broader Workday HCM customer base. I think that's an area that our teams have seen a lot of success. This environment really increases the importance of the criticality of doing effective workforce planning for many organizations, whether it be location, headcount planning, skills planning, training, diversity. I think those are all aspects that are important to our customers. But we've also seen a significant increase in interest in getting modern financial planning systems for organizations that -- I think we talked last time about the customer activity running multiple scenarios because of COVID. Perhaps not at the same levels, but that continues as customers think about their business and run combinatorics that are essential to understand what their businesses are doing going forward. So we've seen strong customer demand. As Aneel said, Adaptive and Scout both have rapid times to value, and that's important in this environment.
Ryan MacDonald: Excellent. And then just as a follow-up for Robynne. Robynne, just wondering if you've seen requests for flexible payment or billing terms from customers persist throughout second quarter and I guess into early third quarter here at all?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. So we continue to do those requests. We got an initial wave when cover first hit, as you can imagine, but we do continue to see requests from customers. Some new customers, we see some request upon renewals. We continue to evaluate those on a case-by-case basis and to give relief where it makes to our hardest hit customers. And I do expect that, that will likely continue through the rest of this year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This will conclude Workday's second quarter 2021 earnings call. Thank you again for joining us.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-05-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. And with that, I will now hand it over to Justin Furby, Senior Director of Investor Relations.
Justin Furby: Welcome to Workday's First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; Robynne Sisco, our Co-President and CFO; Chano Fernandez, our Co-President; and Tom Bogan, our Vice Chairman.  Following prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Some of our statements on this call, particularly our guidance, are based on the information we have as of today and include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those related to the impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and global economic conditions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, for additional information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements.  In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website.  The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Also, the Customers page of our website includes the list of selected customers and is updated monthly.  Our second quarter quiet period begins on July 16, 2020. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2020.  With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Justin, and welcome to Workday's First Quarter FY '21 Earnings Conference Call. Before we get into our results, I want to express my sincere appreciation to our more than 12,000 employees who have responded in such a remarkable way to support one another and our customers during these uncertain times. This team continues to push forward across all areas of our business, and I've never been more proud of them.  As we continue to navigate this period, we have stayed very focused on our core values as our North Star. That means our employees come first, always and without exception. I also wanted to express my sincere thanks and gratitude to our customers, many of whom are on the front line and putting yourself in harm's way every day. Thank you from all of us at Workday.  Over the past few months, we've worked closely with our customers to configure their Workday solutions to help them navigate new challenges and opportunities presented by this current environment. We've also heard from countless customers who, like us, are using Workday to seamlessly close their books 100% remotely for the first time ever. We have health care customers that are relying on Workday to redeploy critical people resources with great agility. And we have heard from our Planning customers who are using our solution to dynamically adjust their financial workforce plans. In fact, in late March, we saw a more than 30x increase in the number of scenario models that our customers were running.  These are just a few examples where Workday has empowered our customers to better navigate this challenging and fluid environment. Just before today's call, we announced one more. Workday and Salesforce have been great partners for a long time and now have countless joint customers. When the pandemic hit, many had to flip to a completely remote workforce overnight, closing offices, schools, services, and more. And others had to turn on a 24/7 team in an instant. Our HCM customers are leveraging the power of the data in Workday as a source of truth to manage their workforces, which has included things like identifying essential workers, deploying people with relevant skill sets, and more. And at the same time, Salesforce has just announced Work.com, which is a powerful platform for organizations to reopen safely and manage the logistics of returning to work. So it only made sense to bring Workday and Work.com together in a way that will simplify things for our customers immensely eliminating the need for reconciliation between various systems and more as they prepare their workforce and return to work safely and securely, and this is just a start.  Now moving on to the business highlights from Q1 beginning with Workday HCM, where the journey to the cloud continued despite the challenging backdrop. In Q1, we were selected as core HCM vendor for one of the largest city governments, the City of Los Angeles. We also welcomed a utility company in EMEA with over 80,000 employees as well as a large insurance company in Asia Pac with over 50,000 employees among the many new HCM customers in the quarter.  Turning to Workday Financial Management. I'm pleased to say that we now have over 900 customers that have selected us as their core financial system. We saw continued momentum in Q1, including a Financials first win, a Fortune 50 company, Fannie Mae. Other new Financial customers included Louisville-Jefferson County Metro Government, Okta, as well as a large healthcare company with more than 60,000 employees. Amongst the many Financials go-lives in the quarter, I would like to highlight Lithia Motors and RaceTrac Petroleum.  We also saw solid demand for our expanding suite of products that support the office of the CFO and the Chief Procurement Officer. On the Planning front, we expanded our partnership with Microsoft, so Workday customers can run Workday Adaptive Planning on Microsoft Azure Cloud. Microsoft became the first Workday customer on Azure as they adopt Workday Adaptive Planning to help them with planning, budgeting, and forecasting.  Scout RFP had a solid first full quarter under Workday with multiple Fortune 500 wins, including its largest-ever transaction with a large health care company and wins at Lowe's and Albertsons. One of the many benefits of the cloud is that we can deploy our customers 100% virtually, and we showcased the strength in Q1 with more than 90 customer go-lives in March and April alone. Quite notably, two of these customers have more than 85,000 employees each: Jardine Matheson in APJ and John Lewis Partnership in EMEA.  Turning to product, we delivered our latest major release in March, which included enhanced Workforce Planning with Workday Adaptive Planning; availability of Workday Assistant, an intuitive chatbot to guide employees; new machine learning-based skills capabilities with Workday HCM to verify current employee skills and supporting reskilling efforts; and new data visualization and benchmarking features with Workday Prism Analytics.  In addition, we made great progress on our extensibility journey. Just this past weekend, we moved our latest offering on Workday Cloud Platform, Workday Extend, to GA. This is a significant milestone for us that we believe further increases our strategic positioning with customers and partners. In addition to our powerful integration capabilities, customers can now build deep extensions from Workday's core applications. As an example, within just a few short weeks, one of our customers built an app on Workday Extend that help facilitate hazard pay to their workers on the front lines.  I'm confident that this period will ultimately serve as a catalyst to accelerate the adoption of our growing platform, supporting HR and finance systems in the cloud. Now more than ever, companies are realizing the incredible importance of having agile, flexible systems to support their mission-critical business processes.  With that, I'll turn it over to our Co-President, Chano Fernandez. Over to you, Chano. 
Luciano Fernandez: Thank you, Aneel, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to spend a few minutes providing an update from the field. Before I do that, I would first like to thank our entire go-to-market team for their response to this new selling environment. Though I may be biased, I've long held the belief that we have the best sales team in enterprise software. And I have never been more confident in that belief than right now, having watched our teams engage with and take care of our customers and prospective customers over the last few months.  As Aneel mentioned, there were many highlights in the quarter, including the Financials first win in April at Fannie Mae. Key to signing this deal was Accounting Center, one of our new products that will enable Fannie Mae to account for and analyze their vast loan portfolio.  The medium enterprise team also had another stellar quarter, continuing a multiyear trend we have seen since introduction of our Launch program, a preconfigured deployment approach with a streamlined sales and delivery, which has dramatically reduced the cost to deploy. In addition, momentum with our back-to-base team continued in Q1. With 50% plus new ACV growth, performance with our back-to-base team spans across customer segments and products, including core fins, Adaptive Planning, Learning and Prism Analytics. The mix of new ACV coming from installed customers has been on the rise for us over the last few quarters. We continue to add resources to better target the growing installed base opportunity, and we expect to continue to lean into this effort in the quarters and years ahead.  We had considerable sales momentum across all areas of the business entering FY '21. However, as COVID-19 forced a lockdown across much of the global economy, we saw higher-than-normal deal pushouts, particularly in industries most impacted, including travel, hospitality and health care. All major geographies were affected, though we saw an earlier impact in our Rest of World markets.  Making the decision to move on to Workday has always been a very important and strategic one for companies and one that is not taken lightly. Given the importance of the decision and the strategic nature of the partnership with our customers, in this uncertain environment, there are companies that are prolonging that decision process as they focus first on assessing and responding to the immediate impacts to their business.  The good news is that based on where we stand today, most of the pipeline impact has been opportunities moving into later periods rather than deals altogether going away, with the largest expected impact to be in Q2 and Q3. It's also important to note we have seen improved prospect engagement since April. We have also seen healthy pipeline growth for FY '22 as opportunities shift from first half to both Q4 and into FY '22.  Finally, we have adapted our messaging and areas of focus by solution and industry, doubling down on the go-to-market motions that we are confident will yield the best returns in these times of uncertainty.  We are in a competitive market, but we feel very confident in our positioning and saw no meaningful changes to competitive dynamics in Q1. In addition, our discounting was in line with historical levels as most customers' negotiations centered around more flexible payment terms to help ease the initial upfront cash burden. We view our customer relations as long-term partnerships, and we are willing to leverage our balance sheet where we think it makes sense.  We strongly believe that this unprecedented environment only strengthens the importance of having a single cloud system to plan, execute and analyze your business. I cannot tell you how many prospects I have spoken with over the last few months who have told me this environment has highlighted how ill-prepared their legacy ERP systems are for rapid change. At the same time, I have also spoken with many of our customers who have told me just how mission-critical Workday has been in helping their business respond to this crisis. And I have heard from many customers currently implementing, we're experiencing a faster and more productive project on a fully remote basis.  There are many potential outcomes that will determine what the pace of recovery will look like, and we expect the environment will remain very fluid throughout FY '21. Yet despite some near-term uncertainty, we are confident that as the recovery takes hold, we're incredibly well positioned to capture on the multi-decade opportunity that we see ahead of us.  With that, I will turn it over to Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Chano, and good afternoon, everyone. Despite a challenging environment, we reported solid first quarter results, which we believe is a direct reflection of the mission-critical nature of our solutions. I'm going to briefly recap our first quarter and provide updated guidance for FY '21, and then we'll open it up to your questions. We had our first-ever $1 billion revenue quarter in Q1 with subscription revenue of $882 million, up 26% year-over-year, and professional services revenue of $136 million, up 10%. The total revenue outside the U.S. was up 30% to $256 million. Subscription revenue backlog was $8.19 billion at the end of the first quarter, growth of 20% year-over-year. Subscription revenue backlog that will be recognized within the next 24 months was $5.52 billion, growth of 21%.  In Q1, our retention rates continued to be strong with gross retention over 95% and net retention, which includes upselling at the time of renewal, over 100%. As Chano mentioned, our add-on business is growing rapidly, and we see strong sales back into our customer base both during and outside of the renewal process.  Our non-GAAP operating income for the first quarter was $130 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 12.8%. To help support our employees during these unprecedented times, in April, we paid a onetime cash bonus equivalent to 2 weeks' pay to all our nonexecutive employees. This added $79 million to our first quarter and full year FY '21 expenses, both GAAP and non-GAAP, that was not contemplated in the guidance provided during our Q4 call.  Excluding this onetime bonus payment, our Q1 non-GAAP operating margin would have been 20.6%, well above our guidance, driven by top line outperformance, lower spend on travel, some noncritical program delays and more measured hiring. Q1 operating cash flow was $264 million, growth of 26% year-over-year.  During Q1, we successfully added and integrated approximately 150 net new employees, bringing our total workforce at the end of the quarter to roughly 12,400. And lastly, in April, we closed a $1.5 billion credit facility comprised of a term loan and a revolving line of credit, which we believe strengthens our financial position and provides us greater flexibility as we plan for the future. As of the end of Q1, $500 million of the term loan had been funded. Overall, we're pleased with our results and execution against a very challenging environment.  And now I'll turn to guidance. When we provided our outlook in February, it was very early in the COVID-19 crisis, and we could not yet reasonably predict or quantify the potential impact to our fiscal year. In the 90 days since then, we've started to see an effect on our business on several fronts, including new business bookings, GAAP and non-GAAP operating expenses and cash collections from customers. The updated guidance we are providing today takes into account these impacts based on what we have observed over the last few months.  Significant near-term uncertainty still remains however, so we are providing wider-than-usual guidance ranges to help take that into account. Built into our revised guidance is the expectation that the pace of recovery will be relatively slow, with Q2 and Q3 being the most challenging periods, followed by a reasonable improvement in Q4.  Before providing our updated outlook, I wanted to make a few high-level comments around our business model. First, we primarily serve the large and medium enterprise market. And although even the largest companies are not immune to the current economic environment, we believe they are better positioned than SMBs to weather this downturn.  Second, while our licensing model is based on the number of workers within our customers' organizations, we have measures in place that help reduce near-term volatility from employment changes. As an example, our contracts are typically only trued up annually to account for increases and decreases in worker counts.  In addition, our contracts have base minimums, which limit our downside. And it is only upon contract renewal, which is typically every 3 to 5 years, that our customers have the opportunity to reset these base levels.  And finally, we are very strategic to our customers, which makes our products incredibly sticky. As a result, while we may see some moderation in retention rates in the near term, likely due to increased bankruptcies and reduction in base worker counts during renewals, we expect that our retention rates will remain high. And we will continue to update you on this metric as we move through the year.  With that as a backdrop, we are lowering our FY '21 subscription revenue estimate to be in the range of $3.67 billion to $3.69 billion or 19% growth. We expect our Q2 subscription revenue to be $913 million to $915 million or 21% growth. We now expect professional services revenue to be $500 million in fiscal '21 and $128 million in Q2.  As always, our priority is to support our customers' successful deployment and drive the highest levels of customer satisfaction. In line with these goals, we expect a balanced approach in terms of partner and Workday primes to ensure our partner ecosystem continues to be healthy and active.  For Q2, we expect subscription revenue backlog growth in the mid- to high teens. Given the current uncertainty around net new business, renewal rates and potential changes to contract durations during the remainder of the year, we will only be providing Q2 backlog guidance at this time.  Now moving to margins. We estimate Q2 non-GAAP operating margin to be approximately 19%. For the full year, we now expect a non-GAAP operating margin of 16%, up from our prior view of 14.5%. This margin improvement reflects our expectation of lower operating expenses versus our original plan, even as we continue to invest and position ourselves to emerge from this period as an even stronger company. The GAAP operating margin is expected to be lower than the non-GAAP margin by approximately 26 percentage points in the second quarter and 27 percentage points for the full year.  Our FY '21 capital investments guidance, excluding owned real estate, is now $280 million, down from our prior view of $350 million as several large leased real estate projects have been postponed. We currently do not expect to invest any further in owned real estate during FY '21. The FY '21 non-GAAP tax rate remains unchanged at 19%.  We had strong operating cash flow in Q1, but we have received and continue to receive requests from some existing and new customers for flexible payment terms. As always, customer relationships and customer retention are a top priority for us. During this challenging time, we're committed to providing flexibility to those customers that have been hit hardest by the pandemic so that we can emerge stronger together. Our ability to remain flexible in the area of cash is critical in supporting these goals, and we will therefore cease operating cash flow guidance for the remainder of this fiscal year.  In closing, we are confident in the fundamental strength of our business model, the resiliency of our customer base and in the long-term shift of HR and financial applications to the cloud. We plan to operate with agility while continuing to drive innovation to support sustainable, long-term growth.  With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A process. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first questions come from the line of Kirk Materne of Evercore ISI.
Stewart Materne: I hope you all are doing well. Chano, you mentioned that customers are obviously deferring decisions. I don't think that's surprising to anybody. Is that just a matter of just business confidence in sort of managing budgets? And can you talk a little bit about whether or not that conversation is different if you're having an HCM discussion versus a Financials discussion, or it's more -- it's pretty similar across both those product offerings?
Luciano Fernandez: On the HCM or fins, it's a good question, but I would say that so far, we haven't seen one of these necessarily more or less impacted than the other by COVID. In both cases, there is significant ROI that we deliver to our customers and significant business benefits. But both of these are, as you know, very important systems. And the drivers of the change vary by company and situation. So it could be the need to have more agility or a burning [ph] platform or an executive change, and what we're seeing in our data is that no one area, either HCM or fins, is necessarily more or less impacted in the near term by COVID. In terms of the overall -- sorry, go ahead, Kirk.
Stewart Materne: And if I -- please, you go.
Luciano Fernandez: No in terms of the overall, I think you asked about the pipeline move if I'm -- am I right?
Stewart Materne: Correct. Yes.
Luciano Fernandez: Yes. Well, certainly, as we've said on the prepared remarks, our pipeline has definitely moved around. And in some cases, deals push out a quarter or two maybe in the large enterprise and really not significant or no changes in the medium enterprise, but I would say we don't have enough data yet to really call this accurately at this point in time. Definitely, this is something that my team is carefully monitoring.
Stewart Materne: If I could just ask one quick follow-up. You mentioned the back-to-the-base growth was really healthy this quarter. And I was just curious, given the fact that some of your customers might be pushing back bigger decisions for now, are you able to sort of toggle the sales force to focus maybe more on those back-to-base opportunities within your existing customer base? It would seem that the hit rate on those might be a little bit higher until some of the uncertainty dies down.
Luciano Fernandez: Yes. Thanks to you, Kirk. As you know, we already did significant investments at the beginning of this year to prepare for -- to cover the demand on the back to the base because we have a happy customer base, a great subset with SKU and solutions. So definitely, that demand was already increasing. So we felt ourselves very well prepared for it. And as we said, we had a good growth in that back-to-base customer in Q1, but we also had the same in Q4 as well. So, we feel prepared for that market motion.
Aneel Bhusri: If I could just add one comment to Kirk's question. We did go through a similar environment with '08 -- in '08, '09, and we really focused in on a couple of things. One was a quick payback for customers and rapid implementation cycles, where we could get HR up and running in 6 months and Financials maybe in a little bit longer than that, and we're just dusting off that playbook and using it again to -- for the net new business. I think that's important to recognize now. It's very similar to '08, '09 from that perspective, and there is a way through it.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Hope everybody is safe and healthy out there. This is a question for, I think, either Chano or Aneel. One of the things that I get asked a lot by investors is the priority for core HCM and core Financials when we get to the other side of this COVID-19 crisis. Can you talk to us a little bit about sort of the conversations you're having with your customers on where they think sort of these HCM investments and Financials investments will fall on their kind of priority stack, if you will, once the spending opens up again, once those IT budgets start to get spent again?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I think, first and foremost, on the finance side, I think this crisis will be a catalyst for people switching from on-premise into the cloud for finance. And we were already seeing the growth rates but -- the growth rates at healthy levels, but I've talked to lots of CIOs, who said, I wish I had everything in the cloud right now. I am struggling with my on-premise, both because of the labor required and people required to be on site and because those systems are really not very agile or flexible, and we see our customers coming up with new reports with new work streams, all these things that they're able to do in Workday. And so, I think it's going to be a high priority on the finance side.  On HR, HR is going to continue to be healthy. I think what we're going to see is a growing emphasis on the area of skills, the Skills Cloud, Learning, Talent Marketplace. All the areas where we're going to have over 30 million people unemployed, we've got to get these folks back to work, and we got to get them the right skills. And I think a lot of companies are going to be working probably alongside some of the states and local governments to figure out how to get these folks back to work, and that will be right up our sweet spot. Chano, do you want to add anything?
Luciano Fernandez: No.
Keith Weiss: And then perhaps one follow-up for Robynne. First of all, super cool of you guys to give that bonus to all the employees. I'll hook you up with the Morgan Stanley CFO, and maybe you guys could have a chat. But nonetheless, the full year operating margins still come up versus your prior expectations definitely from what we had in our model. How should we think about like -- and it makes a lot of sense, right? There's no travel going on, and a lot of events are coming out of the equation. How should we think about the durability of that margin gain, of that 16% if you will, as we move our model forward into FY '22? Is that the new base, and then it's going to grow from there or is this more a temporal step-up?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. That's a great question, Keith. And it's -- given all of the unknowns that we're facing right now, it's really hard for us to look into FY '22 at this time. And we certainly do plan as we start to see recovery, particularly in Q4 hopefully, that we'll continue to invest in the business. So not sure that this is the new baseline, but we certainly believe that we are showing the value of our business model and how it can leverage as we scale. But we still have a lot of important work to do. And we've got a long term, very massive opportunity ahead of us. So we will continue to invest.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Heather Bellini of Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Hope you and your families are all doing well. I just had 2. I was wondering if you could talk to us about how your salespeople and your partners are kind of dealing with lead gen in this environment, kind of how have they adapted, if there's some stuff you can share with us there on how they might be creative on that front. And then, Robynne, I know this isn't something that you normally comment on anymore, but just given the environment and your comments about 2Q and 3Q being probably the more challenging quarters that you're going to face, any high-level comments even about how to think about unearned revenue trends for the July quarter?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, Heather. So I think we definitely expect that unearned will lag behind our backlog growth, right, and will continue to do that. And part of that has to do with the fact that, as Chano and I both mentioned, we're trying to be more flexible on cash, particularly for customers that have been most impacted. And Chano mentioned that a lot of his new customer negotiations, really, that's what they're pushing on. And so we really want to use our balance sheet to help them out during this time.  And so as you know, that will impact the billings and the unearned as well as the cash flow. And you should expect to see that throughout the rest of this year. The good news is that actually doesn't impact our revenue recognition profile, and so we think it's a good investment. And that flexibility has and we believe will continue to allow us to maintain our discounting levels.
Luciano Fernandez: Heather, in terms of the -- thanks for your question, and I hope you're doing well, keeping healthy, too. In terms of your question on demand gen, our sales team obviously had to pivot during the course of Q1 to a fully virtual environment. But the reality is that we have always had a pretty significant portion of our sales cycle done virtually anyhow, particularly in the presales portion and the demoing of our software. And so what has changed is that we have moved the entire process virtually.  In terms of what we adapted, as I said on some of my remarks, we adapted our messaging and areas of focus by solution and industry. And we clearly focus more, double down on those go-to-market motions that we have more confidence that would yield best returns during these times. And obviously, you can think -- focus more on some of the surging industries or some solutions, like it could be Planning or Prism, Learning or Scout, some of the motions that we think will produce better results.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Mark Murphy of JPMorgan.
Mark Murphy: I'll add my congrats. I am interested in how you would characterize the environment so far in the month of May, just in terms of generating pipeline and booking new business. Should we think of that as being kind of a night-and-day difference versus late March, early April? Or is it something you'd call directionally better, but it will still kind of take some time to get back to the original plans? So I'm just trying to understand if you think it's improving or degrading kind of between late March and the month of May.
Aneel Bhusri: Chano?
Luciano Fernandez: Mark, it's early days, but we're still below our normal engagement levels and also below our normal pipeline builds. But there has been a significant uptick in engagement and positive sentiment relative to, I would say, 4 weeks ago. So much of our activity, as I said, is now focusing on certain industries where we're seeing the greatest near-term demand, but we also continue dialogue in verticals that are more impacted by COVID to ensure that we're well positioned as we emerge from this environment, Mark.
Mark Murphy: Okay. And then as a follow-up, Robynne, I'd say it's understandable that you're withdrawing the subscription backlog guidance in the back half. But that said, just considering that you still landed essentially within the original Q1 guidance for subscription backlog, I think, surprisingly and during a real chaotic period of time, do you see high odds that, that backlog growth is going to end up, say, materially below this type of glide path that you're on? Or is the confidence a little better than that, but it's just kind of such a wide range of potential outcomes at this point that it's hard to know?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. Mark, it's pretty wide, I think...
Aneel Bhusri: Let me start with this. I think what everybody needs to recognize is that no one knows how it's going to play out over the next couple of quarters. We don't know if there's going to be another outbreak. And so everything that we are saying is our best information at this point in time, Keith. I mean if you know how it's going to play out, please let me know. So with that, Robynne, jump in, but I think that has to be the backdrop on everything right now.
Robynne Sisco: Yes, that's right. And as you know, the backlog is tied to net new. It's also tied to renewals, and then it's tied of duration. And we really haven't seen -- we don't have enough data yet to predict those, how they could play out over the back half of the year because we just have far less visibility.
Aneel Bhusri: Sorry. I realized that was Mark. Sorry, Mark.
Mark Murphy: Yes. It's fine, Aneel. You can call me Keith. It's fine.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Kash Rangan of Bank of America.
Kasthuri Rangan: I'm curious, the net new ACV growth of 50% within your base, how does that compare to recent quarters? And how sustainable is this? And also curious, what kinds of products are you having the biggest hit rate with the installed base?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I'll let Chano answer the first part. I would say that it's a lot of the -- not surprisingly, the customers that are adding are adding on to core HR and core finance. In this environment, and Tom can comment on it, both Planning and Scout RFP have been very strong solutions. People are really struggling with the legacy Planning tools. And I mean I even look at Workday how many plans we've generated in the last couple of months because no one knows how this is all going to shake out.  And with Scout RFP, it's a quick implementation that you can get in control of your spend in a very global and unified way, and that's another thing that's been doing well. But maybe I'll let Tom comment and then Chano comment.
Thomas Bogan: Yes. Thanks, Aneel. That's right. What we've seen is a real uptick in interest in Planning. Companies are running, as you would expect, significantly more scenarios, as Aneel said. I think there was a period of time in March, we saw about a 30x increase in terms of the number of scenarios that our customers are running. So it's not surprising.  So I think the importance of planning, and particularly cloud-based planning solutions, where the whole team can be connected to holistically, has resonated with customers. We've seen tremendous interest in Workforce Planning. Everybody is thinking through what the next-generation workforce looks like. There's obviously fundamental changes being driven to both location and the way we work, and that requires a focus on Workforce Planning.  And then, as Aneel mentioned, I think we've also seen a lot of interest in our sourcing products. Because in periods like this, companies are extremely focused on ways that we can save money. As Chano mentioned in the script, we had the -- we saw the largest deal ever in Scout's history this quarter. So I think there's a lot of resonance with customers, and we're seeing that uptake. Chano?
Kasthuri Rangan: Just listening to you, Tom, it sounds like maybe this is the case, and maybe this is not the case. The shift to cloud-based financials could accelerate post COVID. Is that right or too optimistic?
Thomas Bogan: Well, I think generally -- and there's been a lot written about this period of time accelerating trends that were already in place. And certainly, the trend towards cloud-based applications and the need to -- and how effective it is during a period of time like this where people have to work remotely. As Chano and others have stated, there's uncertainty in the short term in terms of what the uptick in terms of adoption of enterprise applications will be in the short term. But there's no question in the intermediate and longer terms that there'll be tailwinds towards the adoption of cloud-based planning and cloud-based applications more generally. Chano?
Luciano Fernandez: Thank you, Tom. Kash, we've seen the 50% plus new ACV growth in the back-to-base motion in Q4 and in Q1. That's the data we've disclosed so far. And I think this is an outcome of, a, we having a happy customer base and certainly the investments we've done on the go-to-market motion to cover our customer base and as well, of course, the increase on -- broader solutions set and deeper on the -- solution offering that we have today at Workday.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Brent Bracelin of Piper Sandler.
Brent Bracelin: I wanted to follow up on kind of the Microsoft relationship. I know you guys first announced the global partnership back in the summer of 2016. So my question here what -- how has the Microsoft relationship evolved over the last 3-plus years and maybe the new scope of what you're working with them on today?
Aneel Bhusri: So we've had a great partnership with Microsoft for a long time, really around Office 365 and more recently around Teams, and this just builds on that, adding Azure into the mix right now just for Adaptive. But that's -- it's also the first time that Microsoft has become a Workday customer, although LinkedIn has been a Workday customer for quite some time. So it's just adding -- it's just the natural progression of a partnership. I think Microsoft is a great company. Satya is a great CEO. We'd like to do more with them.
Brent Bracelin: Awesome. And then just a quick follow-up relative to the concessions that you're giving some of the most heavily impacted customers. I know, Robynne, you talked about the base minimum not really being up for negotiation every 3 to 5 years. But I'm just wondering, are you proactively looking to kind of work with these customers that are impacted? Or is it something where it's nonnegotiable, and you really don't really see a change there until that is up for renewal?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, Brent. I mean we've -- we're taking all of our customer requests on a one-by-one basis, case-by-case. But really, the vast majority of requests we're getting are along payment deferrals, not renegotiating contracts but just deferring payments. So we have not really run into an issue with customers trying to renegotiate base levels at this time, although certainly that could be the case for some that are most impacted by this.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of David Hynes of Canaccord.
David Hynes: Congrats on the results. Maybe I'll take the other partnership question. Aneel, can you talk a little bit more about Work.com, what you're doing with Salesforce, what it could mean for Workday's business and maybe how you see that opportunity evolving over time? Can you guys hear me?
Aneel Bhusri: Sorry. Mark has been driving the contact management piece for some time around contact tracing. And we actually had started that thinking and that work all the way back to SARS. So -- and the Salesforce application at the end of the day is a content management -- sorry, contact management application. So it's really well suited to that. Mark has the same goal, and Salesforce has the same goal that we do. We want to enable our customers to get their people back to work safely.  And so what we're doing is we have all the data about employees, locations, what they're learning in terms of the learning content. And Salesforce has a whole set of things with Work.com around contact tracing, tracking skills, shifts. And we're just making sure that the two technologies are completely synced so customers don't have to reconcile between the two. And if you -- and so if you're a joint customer, hopefully, this solution is really going to help you manage your way back into the office.  And I think as all of you know on the phone, I mean, Salesforce has been one of our best partners, if not our best partner, almost since the day we started Workday.
David Hynes: Sure. Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe a follow-up for Robynne. So a few folks have hit on back-to-the-base strength in the Q&A, and I just want to tie that into net revenue retention. Gross retention has always been really strong, right, at 95%. But on the net side, is the consistent commentary about north of 100% just out of practice? Or are you actually seeing improvement there? And I guess could you get any more granular on a number for net revenue retention?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. The way we actually measure net revenue is we only count add-on sales at the renewal point. And so now that we're really focused more on selling back into the base -- and that's happening during renewal cycles, but it's happening a lot more than ever outside of renewal cycles. And that's not captured in the net retention rate. So I think it's -- we're actually looking at a better way to measure it now that we're doing so many add-ons outside of renewals, and we'll probably make a change there over the coming quarters. But for now, I would just think of it as, as long as the way we are calculating it remains over 100%, that's great news. And then on top of that, we're selling a lot more into the base outside of those renewal cycles.
David Hynes: Right. Okay. That makes a lot more sense.
Aneel Bhusri: DJ, I'm going to ask Pete Schlampp, our Head of Applications, to weigh in on the Salesforce partnership, too. He's closer to what we're actually doing from a product perspective.
David Hynes: Peter? That would be great.
Peter Schlampp: Yes. Thanks, Aneel. And good question, David. As I think about Salesforce and Workday, Salesforce has all this rich information about the workplace, and Workday as...
Aneel Bhusri: Pete, I think your volume is on Zoom and not on...
Peter Schlampp: Better?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. But you need to mute Zoom.
Peter Schlampp: I see. Got it. So as I think of the two, Salesforce has the data about the workplace, and Workday has the data about the workforce. And some of the most rich data that we have is data about skills. And so as companies are going through these big transformations that are happening with workers, with, all of a sudden, some demands in certain areas that they didn't have before and vice versa, being able to make those transitions quickly and use that skill data is so essential. So when we think about getting companies back to the workplace safely, securely, and their people back safely and securely, it's about the data and bringing these 2 data sets together, whether that's in Salesforce's, in their command center, in the Work.com command center or whether it's within the Workday application set itself. And that's how we're going to really start things off, is with the data integration and then develop more applications as we go forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scott Berg of Needham Company.
Scott Berg: I only have one here in essence of time. Aneel or maybe Chano, probably Aneel. Just wanted to see if you had some additional comments on Workday Extend now that it's finally available in GA. Trying to understand the revenue model of it going forward, kind of how has it evolved today versus the initial announcement 2 years ago? And do you envision customers or other companies building commercial apps that they could actually sell off of it, like what happens on Force.com?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I'll take a quick crack, then I'm going to send it over to Pete. And hopefully, Pete gets his technology right this time. Excuse me, Pete. So Workday Extend is really focused on extensibility for our customers. And we're not looking to open up an ISV community to build commercial applications. Our customers are getting great value from Extend. I mean we've had Extend in limited general availability for several quarters, and so we really got a good handle on the use cases. And now what we're seeing customers doing is building, I call it, more mini apps and extensions. They've done a lot of it around COVID-19, whether it's to track essential workers, to track -- one of our customers is tracking cases of COVID around the globe for manufacturing plants. So it's really whatever our customers want to do and extend our business model, but definitely not ISVs. And Pete, what else should we add to that?
Peter Schlampp: Thanks, Aneel. You'd think I'd have the mute thing figured out here after working from home for the last two months. The -- really, I think the success that we've had so far, I'd like to highlight, 50 -- over 50 customers using it, over 90 different solutions built on the platform already. So we're going into this GA period with a lot of existing momentum.  As we think about the products, we think about really extending the entire use -- the entire surface of the Workday platform, all the applications that we have in Workday, and then enabling our customers to extend those. And so we continue to open up new surface areas, and I think that gives the different possibilities that customers can develop on top of the funnel.
Aneel Bhusri: And I guess just to come back to the revenue question or the bookings question, I still wouldn't expect much for fiscal year '21. But I do think it can be a decent contributor in fiscal year '22 and beyond and a high-growth contributor.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Brian Schwartz of Oppenheimer.
Brian Schwartz: Chano, I had a follow-up question. I think it was to Heather's about the marketing funnel and the lead generation. You commented on what the timing could be for these sales cycles, but can you shed light on what you are seeing in terms of the values? Are the deal values holding up at a similar rate as you've seen in the past as they are progressing through the funnel towards closing?
Luciano Fernandez: Thank you for your question, Brian. I would say it's very early days, and we've seen no shift of significance to comment on. Certainly, when I monitor the pipeline coming in for either, I know, later on to this year or new pipeline coming in from FY '22, at this point in time, we have been -- and we've managed as well to qualify some significant or large deals in terms of value, even on the environment we are into. Of course, then we need to be able to progress those deals and finally close them. But nothing to highlight in terms of change on those deals. Are they being considered that they are shrinking, or are they having less duration or any kind of things like those? Not really. We need more -- definitely a bigger trend and more data points during the rest of Q2 and Q3. But right now, that's what I can share, Brian.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This will conclude Workday's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Call. Thank you again for joining us, and have a great evening.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-02-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I will hand it over to Justin Furby, Senior Director of Investor Relations. 
Justin Furby: Welcome to Workday's fourth quarter fiscal 2020 earnings conference call. On the call we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; Robynne Sisco, our Co-President and CFO; Chano Fernandez, our Co-President; and Tom Bogan, our Executive Vice President of the Planning Business Unit. Following Aneel and Robynne's prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of the market and is posted on our Web site, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations, and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the investor relations page of our website.  The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the investor relations link. Also, the customer page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our first quarter quiet period begins on April 16 2020. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2019.  With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Justin. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter fiscal year '20 earnings call. I'm pleased to report that Workday had another strong quarter, ending the year with significant momentum in position as well as we enter fiscal year '21. Our success continues to be driven by the relentless dedication of our workmates and by our forward thinking customers who expect more from their enterprise applications, and who continue to use Workday as their partner for their finance and HR cloud transformations. We now have over 3200 customers and our commitment to their success is demonstrated by our 97% customer satisfaction rate and broad reference-ability. In Q4, we saw healthy demand across all product areas. Starting out with Workday HCM, we had another strong quarter as we continue to be the market leader with our differentiated suite of products. In total, we added 11 new Fortune 500 customers, almost equalling our best every quarter and now have 45% of the Fortune 500 as HCM customers, including 60% of the Fortune 50. We also added 16 new Global 2000 customers and now have almost 20% of the Global 2000. New customers includes Spanish multinational bank BBVA, Southwest Airlines and Wells Fargo Bank. New HCM go lives in Q4 included Natwest Group, Banco Santander and Prudential Company of America as we continue to have over 70% of our HCM customers in production. Switching over to our financial management applications Q4 was our best quarter ever. We added a record number of core financial management customers, including KeyBanc, Beth Israel Lahey Health, Dun and Bradstreet, and West Virginia United Health System. In addition to the strong growth from our core financial applications, we saw continued momentum from our expanding suite of products that support the Office of the CFO. Both Workday and Prism Analytics and the adaptive insights business planning cloud had outstanding quarters. We added over 100 new Prism customers and over 350 planning customers, which includes over 100 on a broader Workday platform. Our new workmates of Scout RFP had an excellent initial quarter as well, with strong momentum on sourcing opportunities, both standalone and as part of Workday fund management offerings. We believe the depth and breadth of our cloud-based finance products in combination with our industry leading HCM suite, Workday, Prism Analytics, adaptive insights, business planning, cloud and expanding spend management offerings with Scout RPF delivers a global solution that is highly differentiated and helps to empower business leaders to plan, execute, analyze, and extend all in one system, powered by machine learning. Switching to the people fund. A key part of our success continues to be our vibrant company culture which allows us to maintain high levels of employee satisfaction and greatly helps us attract and retain talent across all levels of the company. To that end, we are proud of our recent recognitions as Fortune A Great Place to Work announced their 100 Best Companies to Work For list ranking Workday as number five. This is the sixth consecutive year that Workday has made the list and the third year in a row that we've been in the top 10. Being great place to work is something that Dave and I have prioritized since day one. So it's an honor for Workday to be on these prestigious list. As we look forward to fiscal year '21 and beyond, we are relentlessly focused on innovation and expect to see continued momentum from our growing family of applications. We're confident in the pipeline we have built on the sales execution while we have in place. As such we expect fiscal year '21 to be another strong year of growth. We continue to invest heavily in our company culture and our value system and have a great group of employees committed to delivering the highest levels of customer satisfaction to our great customers.  I'll turn it over to our CFO and Co-President, Robynne Sisco. Over to you Robynne? 
Robynne Sisco: Thanks Aneel and good afternoon everyone. Our fourth quarter capped a strong year driven by solid execution across the company. We not only added a record number of net new HCM and fins customers our high levels of customer satisfaction continued to drive 95 plus percent gross renewal rates as well as strong add on sales to existing customers.  Subscription revenue was 840 million in Q4 and 3.1 billion for the full year representing growth of 25% and 30% respectively. Professional services revenue came in at $137 million for Q4 and 531 million for the full year. Fourth quarter revenue outside the US increased 33% year over year to 244 million representing 25% of total revenue. We see a significant global opportunity ahead and expect that our revenue mix from the rest of the world markets will continue to increase over both the near and longer term. Subscription revenue backlog was 8.29 billion at the end of the fourth quarter growth of 23% year over year. Backlog growth was driven by healthy net new bookings add on business and strong renewals with our net retention, once again over 100%. Subscription revenue backlog that will be recognized within the next 24 months was 5.48 billion growth of 22%. Our non-GAAP operating profit for the fourth quarter was 117 million or 11.9% of revenue with the margin over achievement, primarily driven by our top line outperformance. For the year our non-GAAP operating profit increased 66% to 484 million or 13.4% of total revenue up more than 300 basis points from FY '19 as we continue to scale and drive efficiencies in our business. Operating cash flow for Q4 was 297 million bringing our operating cash flow for the full year to 865 million or 43% growth. This strong performance was driven by a combination of operating margin expansion and exceptionally strong collections in Q4. We successfully added and integrated more than 1,650 net new employees to Workday this year, including approximately 150 from the Scout RFP acquisition in Q4, bringing our total employee count at year end to over 12,200. Overall, we're very pleased with a strong companywide execution in our seasonally most important quarter.  Now let me turn to guidance. We entered the year with considerable momentum and we see significant opportunity ahead to support both our near and long-term growth aspirations while continuing our progression towards 25% plus percent non-GAAP operating margins. We are raising our FY '21 subscription revenue guidance to a range of 3.755 billion to 3.770 billion representing year over year growth of 22% at the high end. As a reminder, Scout is expected to add less than one percentage point to our overall subscription revenue growth in FY '21. For the first quarter, we expect subscription revenue to be between $873 million and $875 million representing 25% year-over-year growth. We expect subscription revenue to sequentially increase from the previous quarter by just under 6% in Q2, approximately 4% in Q3, and 4.5% in Q4. As we continue to expand our product portfolio, we want to provide investors with increased visibility into the growth sectors across our business. At our Analysts Day last October, we provided incremental disclosure around our HCM and Fins Plus businesses. As we look into fiscal '21, our current full year guidance assumes high teens HCM subscription revenue growth and low 40% growth in our Fins plus business. We do not plan to provide quarterly updates to these numbers but we'll revisit them annually. On the professional services front, we continue to value and support a growing systems integrator ecosystem. Our partners are seeing robust growth in their workday practices, and we will continue our tight alignment with them to help ensure customers have successful implementations that support the highest levels of customer satisfaction and business value. We're expecting professional services revenue to be approximately $137 million in Q1 and $580 million for FY '21.We expect FY '21 professional services margins to be flat from FY '20 as we continue to invest in programs to support customer deployments, and to sustain our high levels of customer satisfaction. Based on our current outlook, we expect total subscription revenue backlog growth in the low 20s for the first three quarters of FY '21 moderating to the high teens in Q4 against a very tough comp. We are raising our non-GAAP operating margin guidance for the full year to 14.5%. As a reminder, our margin guidance includes roughly 150 basis points of dilution from the Scout RFP acquisition. We estimate non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 15% in Q1 and expect a normal seasonal sequential decline in Q2 as we invest in our people for annual compensation process. The gap margins for the first quarter and the full year are expected to be approximately 26 to 27 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margins. We expect operating cash flow in FY '21 to be approximately $1.08 billion representing growth of 25%. The FY '21 non debt tax rate is 19%. We continue to invest in our real estate footprint at our Pleasanton headquarters to support our continued growth. In FY '21 we expect approximately $230 million of owned real estate investments, which includes the potential purchase of a five building complex that we are currently occupying. We expect to spend an additional $350 million in FY '21 to support our other capital needs, including investments in customer data centers, leased facilities, and corporate IT infrastructure to support our continued business expansion. And finally, I'll close by thanking our amazing employees, customers and partners for their continued support and hard work, which allowed us to deliver great results this past year. We are still in the early stages of executing against our long-term vision as a company, but our progress wouldn't be possible without shared goals. We look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year.  With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Mark Murphy: Thank you. And congrats on a very strong finish. I wanted to inquire about the corona virus situation. We certainly understand that there's no reason you would be experts on this, but we had seen the headlines about changes to your sales kickoff and I'm just wondering, what you are seeing from your customers, whether they are pulling out of conferences or restricting travel or, having employees work from home, if they visited Italy or Southeast Asia and just at a high level, whether, any disruption, kind of seems manageable to you through this fiscal year or whether it's just too hard to gauge that. 
Aneel Bhusri: Yeah, it's still early and we're not experts, as it relates to the sales kickoff. I, and I think the rest of the team didn't think the risk was very high in the US but our Asia PAC folks could not attend. And then with the outbreak in Italy and we actually had a joint meeting with some of the UK and Italy team, we felt like just the US team that's not really inclusive enough not really the way Workday would go forward with a global sales kickoff meeting. So we're going to wait until we can get all the people together in person. After this outbreak gets past us. In the meantime we're going to do things virtually. I think in the US though right now it still feels like mostly business as usual. 
Mark Murphy: Okay, great. Just as a quick follow up. I was wondering if you could just comment on how far reaching your ambitions are going to be in procurement and whether you think in the long run it could be possible to replicate the kind of success you've had in recruiting. I think it took you five years to go from zero to number one market share in the Fortune 500 there. I'm just curious whether you see that type of potential in that market? 
Aneel Bhusri: There's definitely a ton of potential. And as we've gotten smarter about the spend management market and particular with Scout RFP, first of all, they had a great first quarter as part of Workday really a great team. But the dollars that flow through sourcing are just massive. Even at Workday, the amount of money that goes through the procurement organization is huge.  And I do think there's a chance to build a differentiated solution in the short term that is more, Scout as a standalone solution plus as part of our suite. But over time you can see our procurement suite B be a best in breed, best in class suite. And I think the markets only going to grow and it's a really exciting market opportunity for us. Can I mimic recruiting? Time will tell. I think what it can do is be a great, a great driver of financial sales. I think financial sales can be a great driver of the spend management marketplace and every company on the planet has to manage their spend effectively. So it's, it is a truly global opportunity. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question. 
Kash Rangan: Aneel I know that you sounded just a little cautious about the, the slowing HCM business. I'm curious, given the particular strength in the quarter, are we doing more of a smoother ending with the HCM business showing obvious strengths in the quarter. And also you could talk to the network effects or the platform effect or you are able to sell financial deals to existing HCM customers that have been very successful. And one for you Robynne, should we stop looking at billings counted as deferred revenue change and instead focus on your backlog because that calculation of bookings comes up at 28% and it has been more predictable more consistency. Is that the right way to look for indicator of your business. Thank you very much.
Aneel Bhusri: So on a on the HCM market, we had a great fourth quarter. We had 11 Fortune 500 accounts, the second best quarter we've ever had as a company. So the large enterprise market is alive and well for HR. But, we continue to gain and see growth in the medium enterprise business for HR and there's still a ton of greenfield opportunity in that medium enterprise market across the globe. So, as we head into this year, I think we're thinking about high teens growth for HR.I think that's what we've been forecasting. And I think it's going to hold up. I'm not necessarily focused on the next 12 months, I think longer term, we'll just have to understand, how that market matures and what we can do to come up with more add-ons to continue the growth in that marketplace?  No question that the suite market is picking up today. I think one of every four customers has both product lines. And what we saw in the fourth quarter for another quarter was a bunch again, of financial first customers and that's a great sign for us. That means our financial products are winning on a best of breed basis, even without the leverage from the HR marketplace. And I still think for the foreseeable future, large enterprises or the mega enterprises, they will buy HR and finance separately. They're just -- that's just the way they've done it historically, with the medium enterprise increasingly is buying HR and finance together. And that's a really powerful trend for us.
Robynne Sisco: And Kash to your second question. Yeah, we absolutely do believe that looking at subscription revenue backlog is a better indicator of our performance and billings are deferred revenue. Keep in mind, however, that there's several factors that influence the bookings calculation, including renewal volume duration. So the quarterly bookings count can vary widely from actual ACB net bookings as we discussed at Analysts Day. We've been saying all along that this would be a back end loaded year for us and that's exactly what's played out which has led to the high growth in the bookings number as you noted.
Kash Rangan: Wonderful. Congratulations. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much. I'll echo that congratulations on a good quarter and finish to the year. Aneel, just on the financial side talking to your partners healthcare seems to be one vertical. And I think you mentioned a couple companies on your prepared remarks. That's seems to be taking up some steam for you all. Can you just discuss that a little bit and when you think in this fiscal year '21, maybe in addition maybe to healthcare are there any other verticals you feel that are starting to pick up some momentum for you in that area? Thanks. 
Aneel Bhusri: So we did have a good year and quarter and health care but we also had a very strong year and quarter in financial services. And I think that is a really key market for us and of course KeyBanc was a big win for Workday that's a huge bank, well respected bank and they already worked the HR customer, it was great to see them buy Workday Financials, I think Financial Services is the next market. We've had good success in government I think you'll see that continue. And I think you'll see Business Services be another great market for us with financials, but candidly it was strong across the board. It was the best quarter we've ever had for financials. The best quarter we ever had for adaptive planning business insights. It was not only their best quarter growth accelerated in the fourth quarter for the planning products. And that was, it's a testament to the fact that the office of the CFO is looking at planning analytics and transactions together and want a unified system and our message is resonating. So it's resonating to all types of companies. 
Kirk Materne: And then if I just ask one quick follow up along that same lines where you were just talking about, you know, when you think about sort of selling and the Office of the CFO, are your partners aligned with you now in terms of being able to go in there with, you know, both planning and financials to have, you know, a little bit of a broader base discussion? Because it seems like that's where the market wants to go. I was just kind of curious. I know you all are there, but you think your partner base is with you at this point. 
Aneel Bhusri: Chano, you want to comment on that? 
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, I will. Hi, Kirk. Definitely they are, I mean the interest on our partners in terms of enabling training resource fees, both in implanting and now in procuring has been increasing significantly. We're pretty happy now with our vertical strategy as well that it's much easier to align towards the go to market for our partners. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question. 
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thanks so much and I'll let go of my congratulations on a great finish to the year. I wanted to ask a question, a competitive question of perhaps Aneel or Chano specifically relative to Oracle because while we're all very familiar with your success replacing legacy HR systems, we more recently picked up a couple of significant Oracle HCM cloud displacements, which stood out to us just because this is their current generation product. Can you give us a sense of how prevalent these conversions are and what might be in common when you come across them? 
Aneel Bhusri: I'm not going to comment on how prevalent they are. I would just say that as it relates to all of our legacy competitors, they were slow to move to the cloud. They have not had the success on the deployment side. They might've done a good job on some of the sales opportunities, but the deployment side hasn't worked out. And so those, those accounts come back to market. And that's happened with Oracle accounts. It's happened with SAP accounts. And what we hang our hat on is a great experience for our customers first and the deployment. And then once they're in deployment in their production phase, and that's how customers measure the success of these projects. It's not about what they buy, it's what they get live and what they get value from. And that's going to continue to be the case. 
Brad Zelnick: Thanks so much. And if I can follow up with one for Robynne. I just wanted to check on the variability from your preliminary view of 14% non-GAAP op margin in '21 to now 14.5%. What areas in the business gave you the flexibility? Can you speak to the levels of investment into Scout or is it sales and marketing? How should we think about that? Thanks. 
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, so our raise in the margin guide is really the top line over performance in the business in Q4 and running that through the year and the raise in the guidance that we had for sub revenue, but we do expect to continue to get efficiencies across all areas of the business. But one of the things you're going to see this year and going forward, which is different is given our scale, we do expect to start getting efficiencies out of R&D in FY '21 and beyond even as we continue to incrementally invest in our products. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. Ms. Bellini can you check to see if your line is on mute. Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Baer: Hi, this is Josh Baer on for Keith. There's been a couple of large acquisitions in the HCM space recently and I'm just wondering how you expect those changes in the market to impact the competitive environment for you in HR.
Aneel Bhusri: I think the two are probably Cornerstone and Saba. I don't really see any impact on us. We have displaced both of those learning products over time. I don't really see anything except upside for Workday on that one. As relates to Kronos and Ultimate time will tell. I have a lot of respect for Aaron. I respect for the Ultimate team. I think bringing together two companies of that scale and that in different cultures is not an easy thing to do. But again, you know, Aaron is a proven excellent CEO. The Ultimate team was strong. So time will tell it's definitely not a negative. There'll be some disruption that could gives Workdays some benefits. Yeah. But we're not going to count on that.
Josh Baer: Great. That's helpful. And I'm just wondering do you anticipate any disruption from canceling your - the in person sales kickoff conference? 
Aneel Bhusri: No, we'll replicate as much of it as we can. Virtually and at the appropriate time we'll get the people together in person. There will be in person meetings across the globe, it just will not involve travel and that what we want to do is minimize that while we're in this time of uncertainty, minimize that plane travel. And I should say international plane travel.  But you'll see clusters of folks getting together in all parts of the US as we do this virtually. I don't know Chano if you want to add anything. 
Chano Fernandez: No, nothing to add. We're really excited about the virtual experience that we are creating for our colleagues across the world, as well in Saudi EMEA offices they will be getting together and we're pretty positive we can deliver most of the content enablement and the strategy that we have to do there for you to know that we are creating. 
Aneel Bhusri: I actually think there's no silver lining in a virus that that's affecting so many lives, but it's going to cause us to learn how to do things on a virtual basis that frankly, we haven't thought about before. And I think that will be something we'll learn and use in the future.
Josh Baer: That's really interesting. Are there any costs that are shifting around associated with that or is it not big enough to show up in a meaningful way.
Aneel Bhusri: Not really. 
Josh Baer: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ari Terjanian with Cleveland Research Company. Please proceed with your question.
Ari Terjanian: Hello, thanks for taking questions. Just hoping, wondering if you get a little bit color on international performance this quarter. Any specific geos of outperformance, and then just which areas you're most excited about for FY '21. Thank you.
Chano Fernandez: Yeah, thanks for your question international remains a very big focus for us. And we continue to see healthy subscription growth out of the international markets. I mean, we still great growth in terms of net new in Q4 in terms of the areas mainly to highlight I would say I would say our DACH which are Germany, Austria and Switzerland markets as well as some of the continental markets did great performance. Our A&Z region. In the other side, Australia, New Zealand were some of the markets and maybe I would like to highlight in Q4, but overall we still have healthy subscription net new ACV growth in Q4.
Ari Terjanian: But any new areas to focus on for FY '21.
Chano Fernandez: From a geographical perspective, nothing of relevance to highlight. I mean, we're considering into the Mexican market during this year, but that was the basically more a market that we will be developing going forward FY '22 and onwards.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brent Bell with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. 
Luv Sodha: Hi, this is Luv Sodha on for Brent too. I wanted to ask maybe, it was impressive to me that you saw Prism Analytics becoming part of the net adds. Maybe you could talk about what you saw specifically in terms of deal flow in that and what it represents for the future. 
Aneel Bhusri: We saw a hundred new accounts at Prism Analytics this past quarter, which is a really strong showing again for a relatively young, a new product area. I think as we bring out more specific solutions like people analytics, then we'd go into finance analytics and spend analytics. I think it's going to be even more powerful. But the idea that you can plan, execute, analyze in one system and not have to worry about how data goes back and forth between the different systems and can do it in a real time basis. You know, it's resonating. And as a result, people look at Prism as a really great extension to gain, not just better transformation from the business process side, but better insight into their business. 
Luv Sodha: And then quick follow up if I may, on the Workday cloud platform, was wondering if, what the customer feedback has been and when, if when would become generally available for deployment. 
Aneel Bhusri: The customer feedback's been very positive. As we get ready, I'd say, stay tuned you'll hear about our general availability fairly soon. In the coming quarters, we are very focused on a set of repeatable use cases that we discovered in terms of working with our first wave of customers. And we're just making sure that the platform is really ready for prime time with those set of use cases. So just stay tuned. You'll see it fairly shortly. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Pfau with William Blair. Please proceed with your question. 
Matt Pfau: Thanks for getting me on. Just wanted to ask on the vertical strategy of core financials, it seems like some of the efforts that you've put forward, especially in healthcare and financial services, yielded some nice results in your fiscal '20. Any plans or update on additional protocols that you plan to work on building out over fiscal '21.
Chano Fernandez: Hi Matt this is Chano speaking, as Aneel mentioned healthcare has been vertical we've now been working for the last three or four years highly successfully on the back of inventory management as a unique value proposition and then purely customers taking onto financials and HCM on top off education and government is another vertical we're being long-term time now. And the latest to our financial services where as you say, we are seeing single success with customers like KeyBanc and some others on the back of our accounting center solution. Aneel also mentioned you know professional business services becoming another significant one that we're going to stop talking from the go to market perspective and a product perspective as to this year. 
Matt Pfau: Just one follow up. Have those vertical efforts resulted in larger enterprises, whether it being signed or are in the pipeline in those specific verticals that you've put that effort into? 
Chano Fernandez: Yes, definitely. When we are setting our vertical strategy, as it says on the back of unique value propositions that we have a good product, and the strategy for it and then we put our go to market efforts in terms of aligning toward our customers, I guess you're right of saying that is pursuing more value and customers with financial solution offerings to those verticals and customers. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Karl Keirstead: Great, thanks. Maybe two for Robynne. Robynne, just to start the growth rate of deferred revs and the growth rate of your subscription revenue backlog have been relatively similar through the first three quarters of the fiscal year just ended. But in the fourth quarter, DR grew by 18% backlog by 23, so the gap widened a little bit. I just want to ask you what might have happened in terms of invoicing duration or anything interesting around contract structure maybe more backend loaded deals, something that might have caused that spread to widen a little bit. Thank you.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, Karl. There's no really one thing for us to point to I mean, these metrics are going to vary with occasionally deferred revenue growth being above sub revenue. And sometimes it being backlog, sometimes it being below. As you mentioned, it really does vary with invoicing and contractual terms and renewals. So, don't read anything into the difference in those growth rates. And you'll continue to see some disconnects in those going forward just based on contractual invoicing terms.
Karl Keirstead: Yep. Okay. Got it. And then my second one for you Robynne is thank you for the beginning of fiscal year guidance around the seasonality and subscription revenue growth, when we look at it and try to compare it to the sub revs growth seasonality you experienced in the last couple of years, it's a little bit tricky, given that you've had some acquisitions that might have distorted that. So do you mind just taking a moment and just maybe qualitatively reflecting on how seasonality might be changing in fiscal '21 on the revenue growth line. Thank you.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, I think the one thing I would point out is we got an interesting dynamic in Q1 when we look at sequential growth from Q4 to Q1 this year, and there's really two things behind that. First of all, Q4 linearity within the quarter was actually more pronounced than what we've seen in FY '20. And so that's going to increase the step up in revenue from Q4 to Q1. And then layering on top of that is the fact that we are in the Leap Year and so we get one extra day of revenue recognition in Q1 as well. And so that's changing the sequential dynamics from Q4 to Q1 and then also from Q1 to Q2. That's really the only thing that I would point out as being different this year.
Karl Keirstead: Yep. Got it. Okay. Thanks, Robynne.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Baird. Please proceed with your question. 
Mark Marcon: Good afternoon let me add my congratulations with regards to the strong end of the year. Obviously, this is occurring real time and it's very fluid, but I'm just wondering to what extent, COVID-19 ended up being factored into the guidance. And, there have been other periods of uncertainty that we've gone through together, over the years. Just wondering how you think that ends up playing out. I know, it's obviously this is different, but how are you thinking about how it could end up impacting things? And then I've got a couple of vertical questions.
Robynne Sisco: So Mark, we really approach guidance this year the same way that we have every single year, right. And so we think we've provided, realistic based on what we know today. We today to date have not seen an impact to our business so far. But as you mentioned, it's really early in the situation, we're going to continue to monitor and we'll obviously update you as we go through the year.
Mark Marcon: Great. And then with regards to financial? Sometimes you give us client counts and you've had some really nice wins. Can you talk a little bit about like KeyBanc who you ended up beating out? Key reasons why they went with you and I think there's a few other companies within the Fortune 500 that you ended up winning within financials over the recent few months. Just the progress that you're seeing there. 
Aneel Bhusri: Well, you know, without getting into the deal by deal basis, the two major competitors we see on everything are SAP and Oracle for financials. The more cloud centric opportunities favor Workday. And if there's a second one we see it's Oracle. The more cloud such people are looking at it, SAP tends to fall away. So we will have to talk account by account. As the cloud continues to mature in the finance marketplace, I think we'll see more of Oracle than we will of SAP. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And any update on the number of clients on financials now. 
Robynne Sisco: We did 90 in the quarter, which was most adds ever in any given quarter. So we were really pleased with that result. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you so much. I wanted to touch a little bit on the success that you guys have had with planning. You gave some stats in the quarter about how many customers you've added. I guess if you could share with us kind of, if you would since the acquisition, if you could tell us kind of the number of customers, if you could kind of give that to us on a cumulative basis if you have it. So just as you know, if you could give us a sense as you look to this year, how you think about the growth of this add on, you know, and the penetration you're seeing into your installed base, right. If you can, you've given up some stats in the past about like payroll penetration into the install base and learning and things like that and just wondering if you could share with us kind of the momentum you're seeing there with the planning product. Thank you. 
Tom Bogan: Heather, this is Tom and we continue to see excellent progress. You know, with our planning products, I don't have exact customer number but it's well over a thousand new customers that we've added and that's a combination of customers that we're selling planning first as well as customers that we're selling into the Workday install base. I'd say that it's, we're very pleased with the progress we've made, particularly with larger enterprise customers both as they look at financial planning and for course planning applications as well. So, you know, six quarters into the acquisition, I think we're really pleased with the progress. There continues to be significant opportunity in the Workday install base in terms of selling, planning into that base as well as penetration both for large enterprise and middle enterprise customers. 
Heather Bellini: And just if I may, just one quick follow up, any commentary on kind of are you typically seeing greenfield opportunities, legacy opportunities or is it head to head versus kind of a newer companies such as Anaplan? 
Tom Bogan: We see both. I think there are customers who are converting from legacy on premise solutions and they want a cloud solution for planning. And they are typically coming from an Oracle or an SAP solution. There are also customers who have used we see spreadsheets in many parts of their enterprises, even if they have a legacy planning solution. But model and business logic is in spreadsheets and we're a great solution to bring that bring that planning process into the cloud. So it's typically Anaplan or Oracle for our cloud competes and we have we do exceptionally well in those competes. 
Heather Bellini: Thank you. 
Aneel Bhusri: If I could just add two things in my prepared remarks I mentioned 350 new planning customers for the fourth quarter that was really an outstanding performance and the growth rate for the business planning cloud is significantly faster than the rest of the Workday.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Alex Zukin with RBC Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Zukin: Hey, guys, thanks for squeezing me in. I guess Aneel, when do you think about the durability of the growth rate in your HCM business and you think about the tailwinds there, maybe even beyond next year, but over a longer time duration which is going to add more of a growth tailwind in your mind? Going down market and seeing kind of continued success there selling into the base or new additional functionality that we haven't seen yet?
Aneel Bhusri: I would definitely say the biggest opportunity, at least in my mind is bringing the medium enterprise solution to the rest of the world. We've been doing that in the past 12 months, when we brought the medium enterprise offering, which is a different pricing and packaging and lower cost services. We've taken it to places like the UK. A lot of the rest of the world is a medium enterprise marketplace. So that's, that's a big opportunity. And it's largely a greenfield opportunity. I combine that with we're still largely underpenetrated in almost all parts of the world outside the US where the market was first hot for cloud. So we still have a tremendous amount of opportunity, there's always the ability to sell back into the base. But when landing the new accounts is what drives the longer term growth and durability growth because you need to first land the account before you can sell back into them. And so we're still very focused on that. Chano you want to add anything? 
Chano Fernandez: No, I think the only thing obviously is kind of the financial class opportunities, but I think it's a combination with those just to recap, new enterprise totally with you Aneel. Selling into the base, we had a very strong record quarter this past Q4 Alex with over 50% growth in add on ACV. That was really good. And clearly me, personally, I'm very excited about the rest of the world opportunity and joining with anyone.
Alex Zukin: That's super helpful. And maybe just as a final one, you know, if we think about the sales tweaks and changes that you make every year around this time, what's the best way to characterize kind of the go forward or the focus areas that you're looking at for 2020 and kind of giving us a bit of a help on the magnitude of the changes made this year versus previous. 
Chano Fernandez: Alex is a great question. I think we try to always to keep an evolution more than a revolution in our go to market and is supporting our growth opportunities. So if you characterize those changes, clearly one is a verticalization that we talk on our Analysts Day, we've been talking on this call and there is more to support our financial plus opportunity. I think with the strengthening our motion into the selling into the base during last year, I just commented on some of the results in Q4. And you're going to see that going on and happening. And clearly last but not least Aneel is saying extending that medium enterprise and our offering in terms of shorter time to value in the rest of the world with the success we've been seeing in the US. So we've been taking go to market decisions to support some of these growth opportunities and motions, as they say see more on evolution is strengthening the talent that we have in some with the markets we need to do so. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This does conclude Workday's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020 earnings conference call. Thank you again for joining us. You may disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2019-12-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I will hand it over to Justin Furby, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Justin Furby: Welcome to Workday's third quarter fiscal '20 earnings conference call. On the call we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; Robynne Sisco, our Co-President and CFO; Chano Fernandez, our Co-President; and Tom Bogan, our Executive Vice President of the Business Planning Unit. Following Aneel and Robynne's prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of the market and is posted on our Web site, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations, and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our Web site. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our Company Web site under the Investor Relations link. Also, the customers' page of our Website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our third quarter quiet period begins on January 15, 2020. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2019. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Justin. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. As we highlighted at our Rising User Conference, in October, we are firmly established as a leader in cloud HCM applications, and increasingly strengthening our leadership position in the broader cloud finance management market. We're very proud of the company we've built with now over 3,000 customers globally, over 70% of which are live and in production. These customers have deployed Workday to help transform both the way they engage their employees and operate their business. We're excited by these success stories as well as the thousands of other companies we have the opportunity to help along their transformation journeys. With that, let's quickly review our third quarter results. Starting with HCM, we continue to gain market share with an industry-leading true cloud platform, which believe has the deepest product capabilities and unparalleled user experience, and the highest levels of customer success. In Q3, we added six more Fortune 500 customers, and 11 in the Global 2000. A few of the new HCM customers include Anheuser-Busch InBev, Magna International, Royal Bank of Canada, and Sutter Health. Some notable go-lives in the quarter included Glencore National AG, the Dow Chemical Company, and Telstra Corporation. Turning to Workday Financial Management, we saw continued momentum for our suite of applications in Q3, with new customers including Consumer Direct Care, P.F. Chang's, the State of Iowa, and WPP Group USA. We also had a natural and organics grocery store chain with over 85,000 employees, add Financial Management to its existing use of HCM. We now have approximately 800 total Financial Management customers, which include notable go-lives in Q3 of Rivera, and American Family Insurance. In addition to core Financial Management, Adaptive Insights, Business Planning Cloud, and Workday Prism Analytics continue to be a strong up-sell and add-ons to our core applications. In Q3 alone, Adaptive Insights added approximately 200 new planning first customers, and approximately 50 new platform and up-sell deals to new and existing Workday customers. Our momentum in customer success was best captured at our annual user conference, Workday Rising. Between our U.S. conference in Orlando, in October, and our European conference, in Milan, last month, we welcomed more than 15,000 attendees, including more than 9,700 customer participants representing 2,250 organizations. At Workday Rising, we once again revealed our Annual Customer Satisfaction Rating, which was 97%. We are very proud of our customer success and the confidence they have in Workday as they embark on their digital transformations for finance and HR globally. Innovation has always been at the forefront at Workday, and it continues to be a key to our success. As I highlighted at Rising, Spend Management is one of the areas where we are putting more focus and investment. We have designed Workday Procurement and Workday Inventory as part of our single system to streamline the procure-to-pay process and improve operational efficiency, driving down costs while enhancing supplier collaboration and engagement. We expect to accelerate our efforts in this area with the proposed acquisition of Scout RFP, a leading cloud based platform for strategic sourcing and supplier engagement. With Scout, which has been a Workday Ventures portfolio company since 2018, Workday provide organizations a comprehensive source-to-pay solutions with best-in-class strategic sourcing to help transform the procurement organization and deliver better business outcomes, including reduction in spend, greater policy compliance, and maximized engagement across key stakeholders. We're also thrilled to welcome Scout's employees, who share our passion for customer service and fun to Workday. We looked forward to expanding our efforts in this area and will share more information as the deal closes, which we expect to occur in our fourth quarter. As we continue to focus on long-term growth there are a few leadership changes I'd like to highlight; first the appointment of Rich Sauer as our New Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary. Rich brings with him over 20 years of experience at Microsoft, and we're excited to have him on board. I'm also pleased to share that Leighanne Levensaler has taken on a new role as our Chief Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy. Leighanne is a 10-year Workday veteran and one of our strongest voices of our products, values, and vision. Moving forward to ensure our corporate strategy is in lockstep with our go-to-market strategy. And I'm also excited to share the appointment of Emily McEvilly into the role of our first Chief Customer Officer, overseeing the newly created customer experience organization. We are bringing together professional services, education services, customer success, and customer support under one leader to continue our relentless focus on the customer and to drive new innovations that will deliver even more value to our existing and future customer base. We are in a great position heading into Q4 and we look to finish the year strong. And now over to you, Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon everyone. On today's call, I'll provide highlights of our third quarter results, update our guidance for the fourth quarter, and then provide a preliminary and high level view of fiscal '21. We delivered another solid quarter in Q3 with total revenue of $938 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 26%. Our subscription revenue was $799 million, up 28%, and professional services revenue came in at $140 million, up 18%. Revenue outside the U.S. increased 38% year-over-year to $234 million, representing 25% of total revenue. Subscription revenue backlog was $7.19 billion at the end of the third quarter, growth of 22% year-over-year. Backlog growth was driven by solid results across net new bookings, add-on business, and net retention, which was once again over 100%. Subscription revenue backlog that will be recognized within the next 24 months also grew 22% to $4.91 billion. Current unearned revenue was $1.8 billion in Q3, up 23% year-over-year, while total unearned revenue grew 20% to $1.88 billion. As a reminder, the Adaptive Insights acquisition closed and the comparison period a year ago, adding $140 million to the subscription backlog, $90 million of which was recorded on the balance sheet as unearned revenue. This one-time benefit created a very tough comp for Q3 for both backlog and unearned revenue. Our non-GAAP operating income for the third quarter was $143 million resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 15.2%. Margin overachievement was driven by a combination of top line overperformance and favorable expense variants. Strong sales execution and a significant improvement in linearity within the quarter resulted in our strong top line beat. Additionally, we saw some marketing spend and hiring originally anticipated in Q3 move into the fourth quarter. Operating cash flow in Q3 was $258 million, more than double our operating cash flow from Q3 FY '19. We continue to invest in our people and then attracting top talent to Workday. During Q3, we successfully added an integrated over 400 net new employees, bringing our total workforce at the end of the quarter to more than 11,800. We are focused on maintaining operational efficiencies that will allow us to drive long-term enduring growth. Q3 was a solid quarter that positions as well as we head into our seasonally strongest and most important quarter of the year. Before providing updated guidance, I want to briefly touch on the Scout RFP acquisition, which we expect to close later this quarter. We're excited about the opportunity we see ahead in the broader spend management category, and believe Scout's best of breed technology will accelerate our positioning in the market. It is important to note; however, that Scout's revenue base is still relatively small and when combined with the timing of the transaction, and the required purchase accounting adjustments, it has a negligible impact on our fourth quarter revenue outlook. With that, I'll now turn to guidance. Our focus remains centered on investing to support our long-term growth opportunity. Based on our overperformance in Q3, but keeping in mind we face another very difficult comparison in the fourth quarter, we are providing guidance as follows. The subscription revenue we're raising our FY '20 estimate to be in the range of $3.085 billion to $3.087 billion, or 29% growth. We expect our Q4 subscription revenue to be $828 million to $830 million, representing 23% growth. We are raising our professional services revenue guidance to $529 million for fiscal '20 as we continue to focus on driving the highest levels of customer success. For Q4, we expect professional services revenue of $134 million. We now expect FY '20 non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 13%, up from our prior guidance of 12.3%. This guidance incorporates estimated expenses related to the pending Scout RFP acquisition. The GAAP operating margin is expected to be lower than the non-GAAP margin by approximately 27 percentage points in Q4, and for the full-year. We still expect subscription revenue backlog growth in the low 20s in the fourth quarter, and there is no change to our FY '20 operating cash flow guidance of $790 million. We have slightly lowered our FY '20 capital expense forecast for both owned real estate and all other capital expenditures, driven largely by the push-outs of certain projects into FY '21. We now expect the FY '20 capital outlay for owned real estate projects to the $110 million, and our outlay for all other capital expenditures to be $250 million. While we are early in our FY '21 planning cycle and still have an important Q4 to close, we'd like to provide a preliminary and high level view of FY '21. As a reminder, and as we discussed in detail at our recent Analysts Day, we have a lot of new products coming to market in FY '21, including Workday Cloud Platform, People Analytics, and our Employee Experience Solution. Given the timing of these launches, and the time it takes the new product to impact subscription revenue growth at our scale, these emerging products won't start to have any notable impact on our revenue growth until fiscal '22, and beyond. In addition, while we are very excited by the pending Scout RFP acquisition and the long-term opportunity that we see ahead of us in the spend management category, Scout is expected to contribute less than 1% to our subscription revenue growth in FY '21. With that context, we are currently planning for FY '21 subscription revenue of approximately $3.73 billion, gross of approximately 21% year-over-year. We continue to expect pronounced and compounding seasonality towards Q4 with our Q1 being the seasonally slowest in terms of net new bookings. We currently expect subscription revenue in Q1 of FY '21 to grow approximately 4% sequentially from Q4 FY '20. We remain focused on investing to drive long-term durable growth, while progressing towards our 25% plus non-GAAP operating margin goal. While we are still in our FY '21 planning process or early view of FY '21, non-GAAP operating margin is approximately 14%, which includes roughly 1.5 points of expected dilution from the Scout RFP acquisition. But in other way, without the Scout acquisition, we would have expected a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 15.5%. I'll close by thanking our amazing customers, partners, and employees for their continued support and hard work, which allowed us to deliver great results in the third quarter and have set us up for a strong finish to the year. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Murphy: Yes, thank you very much, and congrats on the results. Aneel, I am curious of you're seeing any material difference in the volume of HCM projects that are presenting themselves if you were to look within the Fortune 500 are the Global 2000 today versus, say, 12 or 18 months ago, whether there's a natural cycle there that kind of ebbs and flows over time? Also, looking way out into the future is there a timeframe where you think that that volume would converge in financials, perhaps five to 10 years down the road?
Aneel Bhusri: So, I think our growth in the pipeline, and I'll ask Chano to weigh in, in a second, for HR it's actually been fairly steady over the last, not just 12 to 18 months, but last three or four years. This was another strong quarter in terms of Fortune 500 wins and Fortune 2000 wins. As we get to -- as we begin to close in on over 50% of the Fortune 500 running Workday, we're on that path to get there. We do look at the broader Fortune 2000 marketplace for HR, and we look at more of the international opportunities in front of us, still a lot of healthy growth in front of us. For finance, and I'll just bucket everything else because in many ways the rest, finance, planning, now procurement and Prism are really about the office of the CFO. That business continues to grow at a rate north of 50% as we see it's 20% of the business, and I think there's durable growth in that business for many years to come. I would hope in five years that that business is on par -- within five years that business is on par or bigger than the HR business; it just takes time. And I would point you to the transition that Salesforce went through. They're six years older than us, one of our best partners. They went from being a sales company to and services company, to a sales and service and marketing company adding Platform, now they've got Analytics. We're going through that same journey and growth rates kind of ebb and flow as the different pillars take off. So, very optimistic on what we continue to see as continuing growth in HR, but healthy growth rates in the office of the CFO. Anything you want to add, Chano?
Chano Fernandez: Mark, and to give you an idea, a data point, this Q3 we closed six Fortune 500 HCM [ph] financial customers, a year ago it was four. To give another data point, the pipeline on the Fortune 500 or large customers, more than Fortune 500, large HCM customers for the next 12 months is better or stronger than it was 12 months ago. That's another data point. So it's not a direct correlation that some of those pending customers, 175, give or take, Fortune 500 customers are still coming to market, and it's not exactly basically directly linear every single quarter as they come.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Kirk Materne: Yes, thanks very much. I was wondering if you could follow-up on Chano's comment around the pipeline, and just sort of what's the expectations I guess -- I realize this is a preliminary there for '21, but is there anything I guess do you expect that the financials demand will remain kind of the way we've seen it or is there opportunities for that to sort of tick up. I'm just trying to get a sense on, I guess, what's embedded in that number, especially around sort of the financials business, because I think we understand the HR business is -- where that's trending these days. Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: So, we've got another quarter to get through, but I think as we think about fiscal year '21, cautiously optimistic that all the pieces are coming into place. Planning, and by the way I should mention, we're actually hosting the meeting from Adapter's headquarters, in Palo Alto, today, which is a nice thing and a fun thing, but planning and analytics, and now with procurement, all the pieces are coming together to I think drive a really exiting story. And so nothing else -- I don't expect the momentum to slow down. And maybe there's a chance it ticks up, time will tell. It's a good question to ask us in a quarter.
Kirk Materne: Okay. And maybe if I could just ask a quick follow-up on that point then, coming away from Rising it seemed like the combination obviously of having analytics and planning and financials together makes that entire decision more strategic for CFOs. And I was wondering if you could just add some color, Aneel, on whether or not that actually is what you're seeing in your conversations, meaning it's getting beyond just sort of moving your financial system to the cloud is becoming much more of a strategic imperative. And is that kind of why you feel still very confident about where this is going? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Absolutely, I would say before planning and analytics really took off for Workday we had a very competitive financial offering, and I think two things were at play. One, the CFO market in general wasn't ready to move into the cloud. And number two, just having a next generation accounting platform or financial platform was necessary, but insufficient. The areas of planning and analytics, that's really what drives CFO decisions today, but they also realize that they do need to modernize their accounting systems from a financial transformation perspective. So all of a sudden now it is not just, hey we have to modernize it from a technology platform perspective, but look at all the benefits we get from a planning perspective, from an analytics perspective, and yes, even from a core accounting perspective what we can do in terms of machine learning, what we can do in terms of tagging so that you can create richer analytics. All those come to play. The story is just much stronger going into this year than it ever has been. And I think the last piece that has come more and more recently have been a area of procurement and the chief procurement officer, and with the acquisition, or the pending acquisition of Scout, we're filling that one hole where we can be best in class in that pillar which is increasingly important to the office of finance.
Kirk Materne: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Kash Rangan: Hi, thank you very much. Aneel, it looks like the trends in the quarter were certainly very encouraging. Linearity improved, your backlog growth was pretty solid, and the market certainly seems to be wide open for financials and whatnot. So I'm just curious what are the factors that could cause you to take up an even more positive view of the company's growth expectation in fiscal '21, say certain things happen in Q4 that materialize, what could cause you to take an even more positive view, as positive as it is? And secondly, as the company becomes multi-product company, how is the go-to-market strategy of the company going to change? Thank you so much.
Aneel Bhusri: I'll take the first part and ask Chano to weigh in on the second part. What could we see in Q4 and going into next year? I'd say an increasing percent of Fortune 500 accounts coming to market for financials. We've, after waiting for a long time; they're now coming at a steady pace. What we saw in HR, there was a period of time where it accelerated. If that happened with Finance then I could see us being more optimistic. When I look at our win rates they're very high, and when I look at the pipeline growth it's very healthy. The ones that move the needles and are unpredictable are the large Fortune 500 transactions. And those started coming in in bigger numbers that would improve our opportunity for upside. Is there anything you want to add Chano on go-to-market and any other comments on that?
Chano Fernandez: Hey, Kash. And on go-to-market, I think we highlighted data at our financial analyst day. I think you should expect kind of three big focus; one around more dedicated vertical focus in the coming years, and second one; continue to global expansion and the opportunities we highlighted there with only around 11% penetration on the Global 2000, and the third one, an increased focus on we're selling to back to the customer base especially with the broader portfolio of solutions that we have today.
Aneel Bhusri: And if I could add one more piece of potential upside, when we acquired Adaptive a little over a year ago, we were focused on financial planning. But as they move into workforce planning, sales planning, operational planning there's upside there in terms of providing a broader planning footprint, which we frankly hadn't really thought about a year ago.
Kash Rangan: Thank you, so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Schwartz with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Schwartz: Yes, one question just on Prism, and then one on the macro. In regards to Prism, can you provide an update at all in terms of the cadence that the business is starting to experience, the new use cases around Prism, Analytics, and then maybe any feedback you can share with us in terms of the growth rate or maybe the shape of that overall size of the business today. And then the macro question I wanted to give you, Aneel, just kind of when you're thinking about the puts and takes of all of next year's guidance that Robynne guided to in the commentary. Do you think that the overall environment, are you expecting the environment to be stronger, to be weaker, or similar to what the business experienced this year? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: So, that's a lot of questions in there. On the first one, Prism stated out as a very powerful analytic platform that came pre-populated with effectively the Workday data model and the Workday data, and then we'd bring in other types of data, and customers would write their queries and analytics against that. What we saw were a series of trends that pointed us in terms of building out use cases, and the first one was People Analytics. And People Analytics is being received extraordinarily well by our customers. They view us as, "Hey, that's a great platform in terms of Prism analytics, but you're an applications company, give us some applications capability." And with People Analytics we're delivered on that. You can expect the same over time on Financial Analytics, Spend Analytics, additional prepackaged set of analytics that are being informed by watching our customers and working with our customer to see what use cases they deliver. Robynne, do you want to comment on the growth on Prism, that was another part of the question? And then I'll come back to the macro.
Robynne Sisco: Yes, we're still seeing healthy growth on Prism. The numbers are still fairly small relative to core fins [ph] and HCM. So it's not hugely moving the needle on our growth, but we expect that with the high growth rates in Prism it'll start contributing more to the overall growth next year.
Aneel Bhusri: On your macro question, we're just looking at each other here. I think we're kind of expecting it to be the way it is. There has been for a period of time, there's just been uncertainty in the air. It's hard to say it's going to get worse or going to get better. It's not easy to predict, we have the election next year, but I think what we see in the pipeline, even with the uncertainty, our ability to close business. Q3 was a really important data point. We had some concerns there might be some slowdown, but we had a really good quarter and the business that we wanted to close closed. So I'd go into Q4 optimistic. And to next year, I would say next year cautiously optimistic that it's going to be the same. And I think that's probably -- I think the world I just getting immune to uncertainty, and people are just going about their business as if it's going to continue in the right direction and ignore the headlines in the press that would generally get us scared five or six years ago.
Brian Schwartz: Thank you for answering all those questions. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you and congratulations on the quarter also. Can I give us some more color on the types of companies that are selecting Workday Financials at this point, the markets, whether they're single country versus global financial implementations, and how that is changing? And also a quick follow-up, can you give us a sense of how the backend technology integration of Adaptive is going? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: So, Chano will take the first one on, and then maybe Tom Bogan can take on the second part.
Chano Fernandez: On the company selecting financials are mostly global companies, mainly on the sectors we are more focused on, and those are financial services, healthcare, professional and business services, among others. Clearly it's U.S. and Western Europe or most advanced in terms of financials cloud customers are the ones what you see more predominantly. But I would say it's mainly with a global focus in, I don't know, I would say 80% of the deals that we do are basically with a global footprint, taking advantage as well of our localizations on the strength of the solution as a whole.
Tom Bogan: Yes, on the technology integration we're making very good progress. At the time of the acquisition we indicated that it would be a journey that would take us roughly 24 months to complete the full integration. Our design focus is to have an experience where customers have a seamless experience whether they're starting inside the core Workday applications or they're starting inside the planning experience. We have a design group of a set of customers who have worked very closely with us, helping to guide our development efforts and initiatives. We still have some work to do, but we're really pleased with the progress thus far.
Mark Moerdler: Excellent, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Ari Terjanian with Cleveland Research Company. Please proceed with your question.
Ari Terjanian: Yes. Can you guys hear me?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, we can.
Ari Terjanian: Great. Thanks for taking the call, and great to see the permit here exiting the quarter. Can you talk a little bit more about the strategy with professional services into FY '21, and should we expect a change in the mix of the business contribution over time there? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: No, I think our strategy has been the same for the last four or five years once the large integrators embraced Workday. We tended to take a backseat to them running the projects. That's the Accentures, KPMGs, PwCs, Floyds, IBMs of the world, elites of the world, we have -- those are probably the big six. Is there anybody I missed, it can trouble now. Those are the big six. They have become very good partners over the period of time. And so, our professional services is very focused on being the product experts that basically supplement those large firms on the large scale projects and a handful of cases there'll be a customer that just wants to deal with one vendor and work they will do the do the prime work on the implementation side as well, but that is not our core strategy. Our core strategy is to leverage the great partnerships we have. There is just a huge demand for Workday skills right now in particular as financials and planning and prison have taken off. We had to supplement the market as they're ramping up their skills in those areas. But no change the strategy or the model?
Aneel Bhusri: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Scott Berg with Needham and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Berg: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions, and I jumped on late, so I apologize if my questions been asked. But first of all, for either Aneel or Chano, with the Scout acquisition, can you help us understand maybe is this a product that helps you maybe change the trajectory or the adoption of financials ultimately, or is this just another way to get a footprint like Adaptive was within these customers, so when they're ready to make these changes to cloud based ERP that you're in a prime position to potentially win that business?
Aneel Bhusri: So I think actually Adaptive was slightly differently than that. I think in some cases Adaptive is there before us. And a lot of other cases, Adaptive was the reason why we were chosen for the broader financial footprint. As the Office of the CFO or the opposite finance has really turned their attention to moving into the cloud, it's become clear that part of the way they see the financial solution definitely includes best-in-class procurement. And it's why we've seen companies like Cooper continue to do very well have a lot of respect for them. So for us, in order to -- I think it does two things, it creates a new revenue opportunity and down the road, it could even be a standalone revenue opportunity for spend management. But in the short-term, it makes our financial products that much more competitive. And there's new revenue specifically for the Scout product that we believe it's an amazing product and amazing team. And now we get to leverage our sales force in our customer base to see how much more Scout we can sell. So I think there're multiple dimensions to it. One of which is included increasing our competitiveness and core financials, but to also adding some new revenue opportunity for us.
Scott Berg: Very helpful, thank you. And then from a follow-up perspective, Robynne, you've made a couple of at least for Workday larger acquisitions over the last 18 months between Adaptive and Scout now going forward, but as you look at these acquisitions is, I guess help us get a sense of maybe what the gross margin or operating margin contribution of these acquired assets is longer time, will they be dilutive to the core Workday financial profile, or is there a way that maybe they're additive in terms of raising your margin profile longer term? Thank you.
Robynne Sisco: Yes, so I think longer term they're definitely additive because we can operate at a larger scale and so get better economies of scale as we run the larger combined entity that we are, in the shorter term, obviously, they are dilutive, Adaptive was dilutive, Scout will be diluted as I discussed next year, but the goal is that they would actually be additive to our margins longer term.
Aneel Bhusri: We just had -- there was nothing in their gross margin profiles where that was that different from Workday. It's much more about where they were in their stage of stage of growth, and then we have the ability to leverage our sales channel, but from a gross margin perspective that was not entitled.
Robynne Sisco: That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Keith Weiss: Excellent, thank you guys for taking the question. I wanted to drill down a little bit into the progress you guys are making in sort of improving and expanding the capability to do upselling into the existing customer base, particularly around ATM. I am just looking for an update on kind of how that's progressing, number one. And number two, for Robynne, really sort of nice upside on margin this quarter. Sounds like a decent part of it was from sort of the pull forward for sort of the push out of marketing expenses, I just want to sort of double check just to make sure, is there any kind of fundamental change in how you guys are thinking about the margin profile and sort of the speed with which you get to that 25%, or is this just really sort of timing impacts in terms of margins?
Robynne Sisco: So I'll start with the margin question, really no change in how we think about margin expansion going forward, we certainly expect to continue to march towards the 25% goal that we've set forth. This is really about a couple things this quarter one, the top line over performance, which was driven largely by better linearity, frankly in month one, and we have seen in over five years as a company, so we certainly don't expect that that's going to keep repeating itself, but it was a big win for us this quarter. And then the push out of expenses like I said, in Q4 really is just a timing issue. So we will continue to get margin expansion and see efficiency gains across all areas of the organization going forward including R&D.
Keith Weiss: Excellent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Marcon: Good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. I was wondering, Aneel, with regards to the financials pipeline, it sounds like, it's growing steadily. I'm wondering what you think it would -- what would need to occur in order for the trajectory, the slope of the growth in terms of that pipeline to really increase. What sort of feedback would we need to get from existing clients in order to get an even higher level of interest? That's the first part of the question. And then the second part of the question is, you made a comment with regards to maybe within five years financials could get to the same level of revenue as HCM. Would that require a slope change or how are you thinking about that? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Well on the second part, just say we're talking about finances, I am talking about the broader offices of finance solutions. So that does include analytics and that does include planning and prism. And that's the way we think about it internally, not just the core accounting products. It is that full suite is really what is enticing these CFOs to move their plants applications into the cloud, and they're moving all of those collectively into the cloud. In terms of what would change the slope, I mean, I think we see the pipeline is being very, very healthy. And I come back to what I said earlier, it would be a growing percentage of the deals coming from fortune 500 accounts, and that's what propelled Workday on the HCM side where we really went through for the hyper growth era was when the fortune 500 market almost a mass decided to go to the cloud. It's happening now, but it's not happening at the pace that we saw in HR that the market came at once. So, that would be one thing. I don't know if Chano you want to add anything else?
Chano Fernandez: I think Mark, where we share them on a couple of our financial analyst days, where with these local declare between adoption and financial adoption and until now core financials or general ledger was very similar. The difference is that HCM was started more with large customers and the financials adoption has started more with medium enterprise customers. We're seeing more lately maybe because of the maturity of the solution and maturity of the market and confidence into that this brings a good value proposition to the office of the CFO is the some more large customers are starting to move right we mentioned to the customer for WBP or an Asian customers 80,000 grocery customer that just became general ledger customer as well for us on some of the last ones right. So we are expecting from what the pipeline is reflecting that clearly this moving up care, right? What we're seeing as we're when we evaluate that we're selling value in terms of customers in financials is that is increasing nicely representing of course larger customers adopting financials, and that's what we see represented on the pipeline, then we know we will remain a little bit variance quarter per quarter.
Aneel Bhusri: And I'd add, one area that we're not necessarily counting on for growth, but we're seeing signs of interest and excitement is the state and local market. We've experienced great traction of our financial products and HR products in higher education. The state local market has been much slower for both areas, and with the state of Iowa turning to our products for financial management, that is a nice data point. The states are a huge market. It was a hugely successful market for us at PeopleSoft, and we've been waiting for that market to start moving to the cloud, and hopefully the couple data points we have suggested that might be happening, and that's not something we're really planning on right now.
Mark Marcon: That's great to hear. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for two more questions. The first question comes from the line of Siti Panigrahi with Mizuho.
Siti Panigrahi: Thanks for taking my question. I just want to drill little bit into Internet phone market. Could you give us some color, the progress on the Internet outside -- channel, you talked about 40% sales growth outside North America, so just wondering in your fiscal '21 guidance, what are backed into the growth outside of North America?
A  Aneel Bhusri: Yes, I think that was more Robynne providing basically the growth of the international market, right. We're pretty pleased with the opportunity in the rest of the world. We're pretty pleased how those markets are growing. I mean, I don't want to set up proxy for every single quarter, but at least usually twice the speed at which we're seeing the growth in our North American markets, which is natural due to the lower penetration. They are that we commented on that 11% of the global 2,000 companies in those markets. We had great performance contributions in Q3 in places like that. That's Germany, Austria, Switzerland, in places like Canada, some good growth in some of the Continental markets in Europe. So, we're pretty pleased how internationally is basically performing these days. We did a couple of leadership changes that will require -- we are much more excited for the potential opportunity and growth that we also see representing on the pipeline going forward.
Siti Panigrahi: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our final question from Brad Reback with Stiefel. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Reback: Great, thanks very much. Robynne, if I look at the 20% organic guide for fiscal '21, it would seem to imply a mid-teens HCM growth rate. So, I'm trying to figure out how much of that natural be selling the business versus conservatism? Thank you.
Robynne Sisco: Yes. So, a couple things there, as I talked about during Analyst Day, right, our exit rate for the HCM growth is 20%. That certainly will fluctuate throughout next year, given the large deal activities as Aneel talked about. So, that's one thing. Also, we have a really big Q4 ahead of us to close, and that Q4 business will have an impact on next year, so it's still very early days. So, we look forward to getting back to you with an update on next year and next earnings call.
Brad Reback: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes Workday's Q3 earnings call. Thank you for joining us today.

===== 2020 Q2  (2019-08-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. And with that, I would like to hand it over to Mike Magaro, Vice President, Business Finance and Investor Relations.
Michael Magaro: Welcome to Workday's second quarter fiscal 2020 earnings conference call. On the call we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; Robynne Sisco, our Co-President and CFO; Chano Fernandez, our Co-President; and Tom Bogan, our Executive Vice President of the Business Planing Unit. Following Aneel and Robynne's prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after the close of market and is posted on our website, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, new product offerings, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our Company website under the Investor Relations link. Also the customer's page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our third quarter quiet period begins on October 15th, 2019. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2019. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Michael. And hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to share the details of another very good quarter. In Q2, we continued our momentum as we partner with our customers to drive digital transformation across cloud finance and HR. Let me share some of the highlights beginning with HCM. As of today, more than 40% of the Fortune 500 and approximately 50% of the Fortune 100 have selected Workday for their core HCM platform. And as we continue to expand our efforts globally, 17% of the Global 2000 have also selected Workday for their core HR system of record. In the second quarter, some of the new customers we added included the Gap, Stanley Black & Decker and Rockwell Automation in North America, Aldi Stores Limited in Europe, and Bunnings Group Limited in our Asia-Pacific, Japan region. Our continued success globally is a direct reflection of the value we place on live, happy, and referenceable customers. Notable go-lives in Q2 included, Deutsche Bank, Home Depot and PNC Bank. Our customer satisfaction rate remains amongst the highest in the enterprise cloud software industry and the success of our customers an incredibly important part of our enduring business longer term. Shifting to cloud financial management. We had another strong quarter with approximately 50% revenue growth. In Q2, we added a Fortune 100 insurance company which was another in a growing trend of financials first customers. In addition to this large new customer, we also added the City of Baltimore, Veolia, UK, and the Government of Singapore. These are just a few of the many new customers which selected Workday for their core financial management applications in Q2, bringing our total customer base for this product line to over 725. Also and equally importantly, we had several customers go-live on financial management in Q2, including H&R Block, Loews Corporation and Shake Shack. In addition to the strong performance from our core financial application, we continue to see great opportunities with Adaptive Insights Business Planning Cloud, as we officially lapped the one year anniversary of the acquisition. In Q2, Adaptive Insights added over 200 new planning first customers and over 45 new platform and upsell deals to new and existing Workday customers. We believe that with the depth and breadth of our cloud-based finance products, in combination with our industry-leading HCM suite, Workday Prism Analytics and the Adaptive Insights Business Planning Cloud, we are delivering a global solution as highly differentiated and critical for empowering business leaders to plan execute analyze and extend all in one system and powered by machine learning, and we continue to invest in areas that leverage our strengths and open up new market opportunities. I now like to spend a few minutes talking about innovation. As you know, innovation is a core value and part of our DNA at Workday. First of all, I am pleased to share that Fast Company recently named Workday as one of the 50 Best Workplaces For Innovators. We are very proud of that distinction that even as we maintain our very fast pace of employee growth around the world, our Company culture around innovation remains strong. We have a lot of product innovation as we look ahead to our upcoming Workday 33 release and I'd like to mention just a few. First for HR, we continue to hear from our customers that addressing todays skills gap is critical as they look to better develop and re-skill their workers and prepare their workforce for the future. We continue to leverage machine learning built into the core of Workday to broaden our skills cloud offering with two new features, skills minor and skills insights to help customers better understand and manage skills across their organizations. In financial management, were using machine learning to detect anomalies. Anomalies will be flagged as they occur affording users an opportunity to detect and correct potential reconciliation issues when they happen rather than during the high pressure month-end close. And on the analytics front, we are making data insights available to all, for both finance and HR, with data discovery boards for Workday Financial Management and Workday HCM, allowing users to quickly visualize data, detect patterns and discover insights all within Workday. We look forward to sharing more about our product innovation, customer success and market opportunity in October at Workday Rising, our annual customer conference. The Financial Analyst Day takes place on October 15th in Orlando, and we look forward to seeing many of you there. And now over to you, Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Aneel. And good afternoon, everyone. We delivered solid second quarter results, with total revenue of $888 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 32%. Our subscription revenue was $757 million, up 34%. Our professional services revenue came in at $131 million, up 23%. Revenue outside the US was up 35% year-over-year to $211 million, representing 24% of total revenue. Subscription revenue backlog was $7.03 billion, growth of 27% year-over-year. Growth was driven by solid results across net new bookings, add-on business and net retention, which was once again over 100%. Also impacting Q2 backlog growth was a duration headwind of approximately 1%. Subscription revenue backlog that will be recognized within the next 24 months was $4.77 billion, growth of 28%. Current unearned revenue was $1.80 billion in Q2, up 29% year-over-year, while total unearned revenue grew 27% to $1.89 billion. Our non-GAAP operating income for the second quarter was $118 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 13.2%. Margin overachievement was driven by a combination of top line over performance and the shifting of certain expenses from Q2 to the back half of the year. Operating cash flow in Q2 was $100 million. We continue to invest in our people and in attracting top talent to Workday. During Q2, we successfully added and integrated approximately 470 net new employees, bringing our total workforce at the end of the quarter to over 11,400. We continue to execute very well operationally and are pleased with our solid first half results. Ill now turn to guidance. Our focus remains centered on investing in our products and other areas of the business to support our long-term growth aspirations. Based on our over performance in Q2, but keeping in mind we face very difficult second half comps from last year, we are providing Q3 and full year guidance as follows. For subscription revenue, were raising our FY '20 estimate to be in the range of $3.06 billion to $3.07 billion, 29% growth at the high end. We expect our Q3 subscription revenue to be $783 million to $785 million, 26% growth at the high end. We are raising our professional services revenue guidance to $520 million for fiscal 2020, as we continue to focus on driving the highest levels of customer success. For Q3, we expect professional services revenue of $135 million. For non-GAAP operating margins, we estimate Q3 to be approximately 10.5% and we still anticipate 12.3% margins for the full year. The GAAP operating margin is expected to be lower than the non-GAAP margin by approximately 28 percentage points in Q3 and for the full year. We still expect subscription revenue backlog growth in the low 20s in the second half, and there is no change to our FY 20 operating cash flow guidance of $790 million. We continue to expect the full year capital outlay for our owned real estate projects to be approximately $130 million, of which $95 million relates to the development center in Pleasanton. There is no change to our fiscal 2020 plan of $280 million for other capital investments to support our customer growth and continued business expansion. Ill close by thanking our amazing customers, partners and employees for their continued support and hard work. We had a solid first half of the year and well continue to focus on our customer success. We look forward to seeing many of you at Workday Rising in October, as we share more insights on our strategic product initiatives and long-term market opportunity. Operator, lets begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Richard Davis from Canaccord.
Richard Davis: Hey, thanks very much. So I talked with a early user of your Platform as a Service and they like it, and they said there is obviously a few little mix that's they are working on and stuff like that. But the thing they really like the best was, youre not kind of pigeonholing them into a specific database and things like that. But I guess, the main question is, what point does this kind of become widely available or what are the gating issues that we need to address to kind of make this thing running full speed and fully available? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Thanks for the question Richard. Its available today in what we call limited GA, which means it is actually widely available, but its around a set of well-defined APIs and particular areas of the product. And going into next year 2020, calendar year 2020, we expect to have the broader set of APIs available where we will be in through general availability across all aspects of the product line.
Richard Davis: Got it. And then a quick follow up on technology. You know one of the things that I was talking to someone at WakeMed, and they just said one of the big problems they had is all but credentialing that they do is on a paper. And you guys already - I don't know what you - it's a system of record for people. Is there a way that you could digitize that stuff in a safe way, so it's not - so it's private and stuff like that, because it's not just driver license, but it's records and all this other stuff and all that and you - are you guys working on that direction?
Aneel Bhusri: We actually introduced Workday Credentials, which is exactly what you described at our Altitude conference just a month back, which is our professional services conference for both our professional services and our partners professional services people. Jon Ruggiero actually wrote a blog which you can see in our website about Workday Credentials and you learn  youll see a lot more about it at Workday Rising. Its a very exciting new area for us. It's been under development for 18 months and it accomplishes exactly what you described Richard.
Richard Davis: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brent Bracelin from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Brent Bracelin: Good afternoon. One for Aneel and one for Robynne if I could. Aneel, if you look at the international expansion strategy, you talked about, I think, having only what 17% penetration in the Global 2000. It looks like international revenue was less than 25% of the business. Can you just remind us where youre at relative to international expansion? What are your efforts there to kind of really accelerate the footprint internationally? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: So Ill take a crack at it, then Ill ask our President, Chano Fernandez, to weigh in as well. Were very focused on selling to large multinationals, and so as a result, were focused on the large national - multinational markets, UK, France, Germany, in Europe, Japan, Korea, those really have been the big markets outside the US moving into Mexico, but it really has followed sort of the G8, G10 countries. And I would say at this point, were pleased with the results. Weve actually done quite well on the Asia-Pac region and Australia, New Zealand as well. Its still early on and it's a combination, both of us going into those markets and those markets just coming online into moving into the cloud for HR and finance more aggressively. Id say the market is - outside the US is three or four years behind where we are in the US today. Anything you want to add Chano?
Chano Fernandez: I would like to highlight that as Aneel is commenting, we are pleased with the progress and results in our international markets. We remain very focused there. I think on top of our traditional large enterprise focus, we are really having and seeing great results and success in the medium enterprise, since we took to the same implementation and project methodology from the US into markets like Germany, Nordics, France and some others, and were seeing great traction. So you know early days and a lot of opportunity still to be captured from us in the international markets, but great customer satisfaction so far and great progress.
Brent Bracelin: Helpful. And one quick follow-up for Robynne. Just looking at calculated billings growth, it looked like that peaked last year during Q3 at 48% year-over-year. How should we think about that compare  youre talking about I think 20% plus growth in the second half, but should we put consideration around our calculated billings growth assumptions for Q3 given that tough compare a year ago?
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, I mean, weve got tough compares across all of our metrics in the back half of the year. So definitely keep that in mind. I would expect that our earn - unearned growth rates would be largely in line with the subscription revenue backlog numbers that we gave you. So you can infer from that what billings would be.
Brent Bracelin: Okay, great. Thank you. Helpful color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Murphy from JPMorgan.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Thank you, Aneel. Just given all the headlines and cross-currents that are out there. We have had a few software companies start to encounter some problems driven by Brexit or the trade situation. You know, looking at this in contrast, your results and guidance are showing real health, real consistency. So just curious if there is anything worth mentioning on the macro side in terms of business confidence or what youre hearing from other CEOs, whether they have any incremental concerns or not?
Aneel Bhusri: So when I look at our pipeline across all the product lines, they are very healthy. So were not seeing any impact on our pipelines. But there is no question, there is uncertainty in the air. And I think the CEOs, you talk to the closer they are to doing business in China, the more uncertainty they feel. So I just think were taking a wait and see and listen to our customers mode. We haven't seen any issues in the pipeline. But the way that it would materialize, I think for most tech companies would be seeing things slow down here, which we havent. But I know theres a lot of uncertainty in the air and we are trying to  were trying to read tea leaves the same way you are.
Mark Murphy: Okay. That makes sense. As well Robynne I wanted to - just mentioned, its great to hear you're adding a Fortune 100 company as a financial customer, and I am just curious, what are you inferring from having an enterprise of that kind of scale. Youre moving forward with financials first, I think, is how you described it, because thats been so rare in the past. So Im just kind of wondering is it a reflection of product maturity or enterprise readiness or something else?
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, Mark, I think it's actually both of those things. We had mentioned a couple of quarters ago that we were starting to see financials first - large financials first deals in our pipeline, which had been a change. We still see those. I would expect that those wins will be lumpy as with all of our large deals and that they will kind of ebb and flow. But I do think were at a convergence point now where our product is ready and has been for a while and now the market is ready up in that large enterprise space as well.
Mark Murphy: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Moerdler from Bernstein Research.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you very much. I appreciate. Congrats on the quarter. Two separate questions. First one is, are you seeing any change in the number of opportunities or the size of the opportunities entering the pipeline for financials. Im trying to get a sense of how the early stage of that pipeline is starting to mature? And then a follow-up question.
Chano Fernandez: I think, Mark, as weve been commenting, we - I mean, when I look at the pipelines for financials second half and beyond, we are pleased with what we have and what we would be building both in the US and the rest of the world. We are seeing more traction in a couple of verticals, very consistent with what we commented before. Those are mainly financial services and healthcare in the large opportunities. But yes, we see that is moving up market and yes it is growing our financial pipeline faster clearly than our - than being on our core business lately.
Mark Moerdler: Perfect. Excellent. Very helpful. Im going to ask, given how good the quarter and clean the quarter was, Im going to turn to something investors dont generally hasn't talked about and that's the GAAP margins. Pro forma margin is improving, how should we think about, when the GAAP margins will start to improve return positive. What are the factors that can drive? And any color would be interesting.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, so as you know, stock is a very important part of our compensation philosophy here at Workday, and so we should continue to expect that well spend a good portion of our revenue, 20% now, but nothing declining in the near future going forward. So as we reach towards the 2020 mid '20s non-GAAP revenue, that's when we would expect to start to look towards the GAAP profitability.
Mark Moerdler: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kirk Materne from Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much and congrats on the quarter. I guess, Aneel, I was curious just about your thoughts on the Adaptive a year after the acquisition, just maybe some thoughts on how its done, I guess, relative to your expectations, which I know you were high going into it? And maybe anything that's been surprising to you, just on maybe a positive basis whether its help stoke more conversations around the financial organization broadly, you know just maybe a little bit more color on kind of how thats panned out relative to what you thought a year ago would be great.
Aneel Bhusri: Yeah, its obviously been a great year. Dave - my co-founder Dave Duffield and I were actually at in a plan for an all-hands meeting there yesterday with Tom Bogan, our - the CEO and my good friend. And all the key people are at the company, there is a lot of momentum. Weve had a great first year. What I think we expected to happen was that the product would be a great fit up market with the Workday customer base and it has played out that way, and its actually happen probably faster than either Tom or I would have imagined, weve had some really big wins like Airbus and AstraZeneca choosing the Adaptive product line. I think the really positive pieces at the standalone Adaptive business has continued to be very healthy independent of being attached to Workday, and so it really has worked out extremely well and I think it all starts with the most important thing, very, very similar cultures. We both care about our employees, we both care about our customers, high integrity places and so. If there were five more Adaptive, we would probably look at making acquisitions like that, unfortunately those are - there are few and far between, really - really a phenomenal first year.
Kirk Materne: Thats great. Maybe just one quick one for Robynne. Robynne you mentioned more spending pushing into the second half of the year. Was that - I mean hiring seems strong, so I guess it is just some one-off items that are maybe pushing a little bit in the second half versus expectations?
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, we were slightly behind on hiring, but nothing that was very impactful and nothing that's going to jeopardize all the good work that we have planned this year. Most of the slippage was, what I would call, program spend, things like advertising and other types of program initiatives that just moved out of the quarter and are going to start a little later in the year.
Kirk Materne: Sounds good. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Zukin from RBC.
Alex Zukin: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Hey guys. I just wanted to ask on, maybe first on Adaptive. Are you starting to see or maybe can you talk about the cadence of Adaptive leading to more kind of core financials deals? And I've got a quick follow-up.
Aneel Bhusri: There is no question. Its helped on the pipeline for financials. And I mean, the key is, if you were to look at the CFO priorities, planning is way at the top of the list and Adaptive has a best in class planning product, both for finance and increasingly for workforce planning. And so it's a great entry point and broadens the conversation. And if a customer is not quite ready for core financials, were still okay with that, well get into the door with planning and can follow it up later. But I think it just - it broadens the appeal. Theres just no question, it broadens the appeal. I think Prism Analytics does that as well. So having that broader product footprint for the financials customer base has been really important for us.
Alex Zukin: Perfect. And then, maybe just one for Robynne. Is there any way to conceptually think about the impact of Adaptive on the subscription backlog numbers or kind of how we should think about that going forward?
Robynne Sisco: Yeah. So when we bought them in Q3, we disclosed that we had inherited a $140 million of Adaptive backlog. And so we got that benefit Q3 of last year, which obviously impacted the bookings number as well. So its a very tough comp for us starting in Q3 and into Q4.
Alex Zukin: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Hi. Thank you for taking the question guys, and congratulations on a good quarter. You continue to make good progress, adding new customers into the fold and its definitely kind of more to go, particularly in international. I wanted to take the other side of that equation in terms of the progress and upselling into existing customers, maybe get an update on how that's going with sort of the broader HCM portfolio and the ability to sort of further penetrate into some of the existing customers?
Chano Fernandez: Keith, Im Chano speaking. We are pleased on how that business is doing. In terms of the attach ratios, I would say starting with selling, financials, back into our HR installed base and then clearly planning, prism, recruitment, learning. I think most of our attach rates and our products are doing very well, which is great, because as we said before, it is taking off pressure from a growth perspective from the core HCM. We usually have disclosed some of those attach rates number on the Analyst Day around Workday Rising. Im sure we will do this year. But stay tuned, but good progress.
Aneel Bhusri: I would just add, I think it's been really good progress since China put a more dedicated focus on customer base, but we could also still do better as weve embarked on a pricing study with one of the top consulting firms. Its very clear that we are still more geared towards net new from new logos then from our customer base and thats probably different than the other cloud peers out there. So its an area of high interest for us.
Keith Weiss: Got it. That makes sense. And then a follow-up for Robynne. Given the like - the uncertainty that Aneel was speaking to within the customer base, I understand, its not in your pipeline, but does that impact your kind of forecasting methodology at all, like in terms of the guidance you gave - did any more conservative on any of kind of the inputs that you guys use and putting up at the back half of the year?
Robynne Sisco: So, as you know, weve said all along that were more back-end loaded this year than we have been in other years. So weve definitely taken that into account in our guide and weve got a large pipeline and were focused on executing against that and were looking forward to updating you more next quarter.
Keith Weiss: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kash Rangan from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: Hi. Thank you very much. Congratulations team on a fantastic quarter. I wanted to ask a little bit about the core HCM product. Aneel, you mentioned that personal 40% of Fortune 500 have standardized on Workday and you also mentioned 17 - only 17% penetration of the Global 2000. In markets like this where the number one player generally tends to get dominant market share. Are we still targeting that kind of market share that you have with the Fortune 500 on a global scale, and so therefore, not to put words in your mouth, but how do you think or how sustainable do you think is the growth rate for the core HCM product line, especially given this difference between penetration levels of the Global 2000 versus Fortune 500. What does the company need to do in order to get to that equally dominant position on the Global scale as you have with the Fortune 500? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: So Im not going to sign probabilities, but obviously aspirationally wed like to have the same market share in the Fortune 2000 that we do in the Fortune 500. And by the way, were at 40% of the Fortune 500. I expect that to continue to rise. There is still - there is still probably 200 accounts that have not made decisions yet. The Fortune 100 was the first group to make decisions and there we know we have - we're also around 50% of the Fortune 100. For the rest, as long as we can continue to execute and take care of customers, I dont see why we can't have high penetration rates of the Global Fortune 2000. Its incumbent on two things. Number one, continuing to expand globally and reaching those opportunities and theyre not all in the countries were in. There are probably some opportunities that are in places that were not yet selling to. So we have to factor that in. And number two, some of those markets as we talked about earlier are still very early on in their cloud migration and so thats probably the most important focus for us as to be there as these companies begin to migrate of with their legacy systems. But its opportunities out there and it gives me confidence that the HR opportunities continue to be a long-term opportunity and there are so many modules that we can go back into these customers with, even modules we havent even brought to market yet. So very confident, its a big enough market to continue to support our growth.
Kash Rangan: Wonderful. And if you have a couple of words on replacement of legacy SaaS installations. Is that still a tailwind for you guys as it was the case a couple of quarters back? That's it from me. Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Legacy SaaS meeting failed, meaning either bolt-ons that we're replacing or core systems of record that failed in the cloud from...
Kash Rangan: Exactly.
Aneel Bhusri: From one of our competitors that - I think that will continue to be a trend for us and an opportunity for us. When you get to - when you look at the Fortune 500, candidly neither of our large competitors have real proof points over 100,000 employees or even over 50,000 employees that are in production and a huge part of our success has been not just winning the customer by giving them into production and having them be happy. I think the stats are, we have of the approximately 50% of the Fortune 100 that are using Workday, 35% or 35 of that 50 is already live, right. So thats a huge advantage. And when people have a failed project, the next thing they wanted to is, get the sure thing and make sure that it works, and thats where we hopefully come into play.
Kash Rangan: Wonderful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Derrick Wood from Cowen & Company.
Derrick Wood: Thanks. First one Aneel, you changed up some leadership and leadership structure in your international regions during the quarter. Could you just talk about the reasons for the changes or maybe just comment with the new leadership and structure kind of what you're hoping to sharpen your focus on?
Aneel Bhusri: Im going to turn over that to Chano.
Chano Fernandez: Yeah, international remains - Derrick, international remains a very big focus for us within the sales organization. And as we said, we are happy with the progress. We also said that there were a couple of countries where we had opportunities for better performance and to improve. So that's part of that process. We promoted someone within the company that has been with us for quite a few years and we are very - and really, really excited about the opportunity ahead. Personally, I am.
Derrick Wood: Okay. And Robynne, you mentioned last quarter, I guess this quarter, again, its more of a back-end loaded quarter or back-end loaded year. You maintained the low 20% backlog growth for the second half. Can you just give us some color as to what you think around, you know, kind of Q3 versus Q4 and whether its more weighted towards higher growth in Q4? Any color there would be helpful.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, Derrick, it is more weighted towards Q4 than last year. So we had a more even distribution particularly when it comes to the large deals last year than we have this year and were seeing really back-end loaded into not just the second half but into the second quarter. And then - I mean sorry, the fourth quarter. And then on top of that, we're facing really difficult comps from lapping the Adaptive acquisition.
Derrick Wood: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Raimo Lenschow from Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, two quick questions. Congrats from me as well. Can I go back to Adaptive, like when you got it, Aneel, like it was more focused on SMB and - but you kind of were convinced that the core technology was really good to just scale it up. Could you talk a little bit about the progress you've made there. And then, like just one word also then on the partner - evolution of the partner channel? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: So at the time of the acquisition of Adaptive, they had already been working on scaling the products and re-writting their modeling engine for the biggest companies in the world. It was not well known to the marketplace. They were not yet public, but the work was well underway. And we're very pleased with how that work has gone, a big chunk of it got delivered in the earlier part of this year, it continues. But we now have the confidence to sell the companies like AstraZeneca and Airbus, you know two very, very large companies. So the scaling efforts that was already underway has gone really well. They have a world-class, I just say we because - we now - we've got a world-class development team on the Adaptive front and they continue to scale the system to the largest companies in the world and that really was - that was really it. I think it's - it was also the - the other part of it was an investment in the sales side for large enterprise. That's a big - it's a big cost. I think if Adaptive had gone public that would have been a big investment for them. By becoming part of Workday, they were able to leverage our high-end enterprise sales organization immediately and that's paid big dividends as well. On the evolution of the partner channel, we continue to have a broad base of strong partners. Of course, we've got all the big - the big SIs. I think the two big trends in this last 12 months has been theyre embracing of the financial product line and they're embracing of Adaptive. Adaptive was historically not as close to some of the big SIs and as the big SIs have learned more about the products. Theyve got very excited and we expect that that sort of partners are going to be very helpful to us in some of the larger situations that were in competing for right now.
Raimo Lenschow: All right. Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Marcon from Baird.
Mark Marcon: Good afternoon. Let me add my congratulations. I was wondering, Aneel, if you could elaborate a little bit more with regards to the heightened focus in terms of driving attachment within the existing client base? Could you dimensionalize that in terms of the opportunity and how long would that take to scale up and how quickly do you think that would be visible from the outside?
Aneel Bhusri: I think well do that for you at the user conference at Rising. We typically update that kind of thinking. Its hard to do in a short call, but well have that for you at the next analyst meeting. And there is, were at - and weve always been in the high 90s of customer satisfaction. When we come out with new modules, our customers on the margin tend to want to buy from us. There is more opportunity there. But rightfully so the last three or four years have been focused on getting new accounts. But now we have a base that's closing in on 3,000 customers for HR and 700 for Financials and over 4,000 for Adaptive. So we now have a big installed base, and we probably need to adjust our thinking a little bit about how to go back to that base more systematically or not more systematically, probably with a bigger footprint on the sales side.
Mark Marcon: Great. And then with regards to the guidance, typically the subscription revenue guidance has been conservative. I understand the year-over-year compare. You know looking at it from a seasonal sequential perspective, it seems conservative. Is there anything that would drive that this from a seasonal sequential perspective?
Robynne Sisco: Well, we do have some seasonality in our subscription revenue, mostly between Q1 - Q4 and Q1, and Q1 and Q2.
Mark Marcon: Sure.
Robynne Sisco: Based on the number of days. So we do get a tailwind in Q2 which then we dont get in Q3 and Q4 from that. Obviously, we take a lot of things into account when we guide. We take into account, overall sentiment. Aneel talked a little bit about what he was saying. The fact that this is a more back-end loaded year than we've had in the past, obviously, is weighing on our guidance as well in terms of us having more to close now in this back half than we generally do halfway through the year. So were focused on execution. And as I said before, well update you as we get through the back half of the year.
Mark Marcon: Great. Congratulations again.
Operator: We will now take two more questions. Your next question comes from Karl Keirstead from Deutsche Bank.
Karl Keirstead: Hi, thanks. Robynne, simple one for you. You had mentioned three months ago that on the cash flow side, 2Q would be quite limited. $100 million is a little bit more than limited. I trust what happened here is, maybe some of the margin outperformance worked its way down to the cash flow line or were there one or two other things that might have contributed to that over performance? Thank you.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, Karl, that was definitely part of it. We also came out of the quarter with a stronger collections number than we had gone into the quarter thinking we would have. Obviously, Q2 the seasonal low for us and so its a little hard to predict where we're going to land quarter by quarter given we do a lot of our business at the end of the quarters and invoices are due in the back half. So whether they pull-in or slide out is really a bit of an unknown. So we were pleased with our performance on the cash flow.
Karl Keirstead: Got it. Okay. That was it from me. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We will take our final question from Pat Walravens from JMP Securities.
Pat Walravens: Oh! Great. Thank you. Aneel, when I checked this quarter, we actually heard good things about Prism. And so I was wondering if you could tell us how thats going and then maybe that would be an opportunity, your long time partner spent $16 billion to buy Tableau, so they clearly see some opportunity. So maybe thats - maybe you could work in your perspective just for the analytic space in general for companies like you and Salesforce?
Aneel Bhusri: Yeah, you know Prism has been a strong performer, continues to be a strong performer. So we had another very good quarter with Prism. I think were going to see it go. Its more and more in the way of dashboards and usability that we highlighted in the prepared comments and a set of applications that sit on top of Prism, people analytics being the first, but you can see financial analytics, spend analytics and this idea of package analytics is really resonating with our customers. So its a big part of what were doing in many ways. Its the culmination of a lot of work to show when you have a strong transactional engine, the kind of deep analysis you can do with that data. So it continues to chug along and we only didnt mention it just because it's Q2. When we get to the Analyst Meeting in a few months, we will show you more detail about whats happening with Prism, its very exciting.
Pat Walravens: All right, great. Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Im very happy for Mark and Tableau. It's not competitive with Workday. We actually used Tableau in some situations internally, like a lot of companies do. At the end of the day, people are using our analytics to really focus in on the data types that we drive HR and financial data types and vice versa. So its probably a very good move for Mark and its a very good company that he acquired.
Pat Walravens: Great. Thank you for that perspective.
Operator: That concludes the Q2 Workday earnings call. Thank you for joining us today. Have a good night.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-05-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's first quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. And with that, I will hand it over to Mike Magaro, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Mike Magaro: Welcome to Workday's first quarter fiscal 2020 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO, Robynne Sisco, our Co-President and CFO, Chano Fernandez, our Co-President and Tom Bogan, Executive Vice President of the Business Planning Unit. Following Aneel and Robynne's prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after the close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, for information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation [AUDIO GAP] Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Also, the Customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our second quarter quiet period begins on July 15, 2019. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2019. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you Michael. I would first like to thank everyone for joining our Q1 2020 earnings call. I am pleased to report that our first quarter fiscal year 2020 got us off to a great start for the year. We continue to attract new customers and many of our current customers are growing their investments with us. Our customer satisfaction rating remains amongst the highest in enterprise software and the success of our customers is a cornerstone of our long term business strategy. Let's start with some of the highlights from Q1, beginning with Workday HCM. Momentum for this application suite remains strong as organizations continue their transitions to the cloud. In Q1, we added Carl Zeiss AG, Cisco Systems, Daimler Trucks North America, Old Mutual Limited and Procter & Gamble among the many new HCM customers in the quarter. Our proven ability to support our customer's large volumes of data and transactions continues to be a big differentiator in our success. Notable go-lives in Q1 included Enterprise Holdings and Tyson Shared services. Turning to Workday financial management. We saw continued momentum in Q1 with over 50% customer in net new ACV growth. New customers included Advocate Aurora Health System and E-Trade Financial Corporation. In addition, during the quarter, many existing customers expanded their relationship with Workday. Legg Mason, for example, a leading investment management firm, expanded their use of Workday financial management to include all of their affiliates. Lastly, we also had a large Fortune 500 scale insurance company add financial management to become a full platform customer. As always, getting customers live and on budget is core to our business. Amongst the many go-lives of Q1 for financials, I would like to highlight Sprouts Farmers Market and NASDAQ. Q1 was also our third quarter with the Adaptive Insights business planning cloud and customer demand continues to reinforce our confidence in the long term opportunity. We added approximately 150 standalone Adaptive deals and once again saw success selling it to the large enterprise market with approximately 50 deals representing both platform sales and planning add-ons. New customer selecting Adaptive Insights business planning cloud in Q1 included Advocate Aurora Health System, Airbus, AstraZeneca, AutoZone Parts, H&R Block and the Ohio State University. We are pleased that our customer and product momentum continues to get recognized by leading industry analysts. This month, Gartner published its 2019 Magic Quadrant for Cloud Core Financial Management Suites for Midsize, Large and Global Enterprises and Gartner named Workday as a leader for the third year in a row. Also in Q1, I am pleased to announce that we moved all customers to Workday 32. With this update, we delivered more than 500 new features, including deeper investments in Workday Learning and Workday Recruiting, finance-focused machine learning capabilities to help resource managers align skills resources to projects and deeper integration between Workday and Adaptive Insights. Indeed, we are well on our way for a goal of bringing Adaptive Insights full into the power of one. And last but not least for Q1, we are pleased to share that we were once again ranked number one on San Francisco Business Times' Best Places to Work in the Bay Area list. This is the seventh time Workday has been ranked number one on the list. Workday also ranked number one on the UK's Best Large Workplaces list by Great Place to Work Institute. All-in-all, this quarter was a strong start to our fiscal year. I will now turn it over to our Co-President and CFO, Robynne Sisco. Over to you, Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks Aneel and good afternoon everyone. As Aneel mentioned, we continue to execute well against our long term market opportunity, differentiating ourselves through our technology and our uniquely purposed customer success model. We are very pleased with our first quarter results, delivering total revenue of $825 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 33%. Our subscription revenue was $701 million, up 34% and professional services revenue came in at $124 million, up 29%. We continue to see our long term opportunity expanding outside of the U.S. with revenue up 42% to $197 million. Our non-U.S. revenue now represents a record 24% of total revenue. Subscription revenue backlog was $6.8 billion, growth of 30% year-over-year driven by strong performance across net new bookings, add-on business and renewals with net retention once again over 100%. Subscription revenue backlog that will be recognized within the next 24 months was $4.56 billion, growth of 29%. Our non-GAAP operating income for the first quarter was $108 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 13.1%. Operating cash flow in Q1 was $209 million. Current unearned revenue was $1.73 billion in Q1, up 31% year-over-year while total unearned revenue grew 29% to $1.83 billion. We continue to invest in our people and in attracting top talent to Workday. During Q1, we successfully added and integrated approximately 400 net new employees, bringing our total workforce at the end of the quarter to almost 11,000. Operationally, it was another strong quarter of execution in Q1. We are extremely pleased with our results and have gotten off to a great start for fiscal 2020. I will now turn to guidance. Our focus remains centered on driving strong durable growth and we will continue to invest in our products and other areas of the business to support our long term growth aspirations. Based on our over-performance in Q1, but keeping in mind we face a very difficult second half comps from last year, we are raising our fiscal 2020 outlook and providing Q2 guidance as follows. For subscription revenue, we are raising our full year estimate to be in the range of $3.045 billion to $3.06 billion. We expect our Q2 subscription revenue to be $746 million to $748 million or 32% growth, with sequential improvement in Q3 and Q4 of approximately 4.7% and 5.7% respectively. Similar to last year, this pattern reflects our increasing seasonal trends towards larger Q4s. We still expect professional services revenue to be $500 million in fiscal 2020 as we continue to prioritize driving the highest levels of customer success. For Q2, we expect services revenue of $124 million. For non-GAAP operating margins, we estimate Q2 to be 10% and we still anticipate 12.3% margins for the full year as we remain committed to 200 basis point of margin expansion even as we continue to aggressively invest for continued growth. The sequential decline in the non-GAAP operating margin from Q1 reflects typical seasonality and is primarily a result of our annual employee compensation cycle, which took effect at the beginning of Q2. The GAAP operating margin is expected to be lower than the non-GAAP margin by approximately 27 percentage points in each remaining quarter and for the full year. We still expect subscription revenue backlog to follow the pattern we laid out in our Q4 call with high-20s growth in the first half and low-20s growth in the second half. We continue to see a healthy pace of cloud migrations across HR and finance but as we look at the full year we are seeing more opportunities move into the back part of the year, specifically shifting into Q4. There is no change to our operating cash flow guidance in FY 2020 of approximately $790 million or 30% growth. As a reminder, Q2 traditionally generates limited operating cash flows. This is due to the combination of seasonally low collections and the seasonally high sequential increase in expenses resulting from our annual employee compensation cycle. We are excited to have recently begun occupying our new Pleasanton development center, which will house more than 2,200 employees and also be home to our new customer center. We continue to expect the FY 2020 capital outlay for our owned real estate projects will be approximately $130 million, of which $94 million relates specifically to the development center. There is no change to our fiscal 2020 plans of $280 million for other capital investments to support customer growth and continued business expansion. And finally, I will close by thanking our amazing customers, partners and employees for their continued support and hard work. We are still in early stages of executing against our long term vision as a company, but our progress wouldn't be possible without a shared goal. We are off to a great start for FY 2020 and look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. Operator, let's begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Kash Rangan from Bank of America. Please ask your question.
Kash Rangan: Hi. Congratulations on a spectacular start to the fiscal year. One question for Robynne. If you look at the deferred revenues, I know that you don't guide to deferred revenues and billings. They are not exactly representative of the strength of the business. But nonetheless, I just wanted to understand if there were certain factors that might have driven better, much better than the typical seasonality we have seen in deferred revenues? And one for you Aneel, you mentioned 50 platform deals with Adaptive. Are these fairly large corporations? Or as the next few years unfold for the company, how do you see planning playing out alongside financials? Does one synergize the other? And just wanted to get your broader thoughts on the adoption of planning and financials. Thank you. Congratulations.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I will take that and thanks Kash. I will take the second part first. One of the traction we saw with Adaptive in the suite market was in large companies. And I mentioned, several of them, they were either add-ons or a part of platform deals. AstraZeneca, Airbus and H&R Block, these are big organizations that are embracing the Adaptive business planning cloud. I don't know, Tom, if you want to add anything?
Tom Bogan: Yes. I think that's right, Aneel. And from our perspective, we have seen a lot more traction with the larger companies working with the broader Workday sales team. And as we know, those are longer sales cycles, but the early traction with those customers is very encouraging.
Robynne Sisco: Kash, on your deferred revenue question. Nothing particular to call out in Q1 outside of just the strong performance that we had overall. And as you know, just a reminder that unearned balance can vary with contract terms and renewal timing as well.
Kash Rangan: And if I could just take one. Aneel, any broad comment on the replacement cycle you are seeing in core HCM, whether it's legacy SaaS or legacy on-premise? It looks like there is a bit of an acceleration of another inflection point in that journey and maybe I am wrong about it, but just wanted to get your comment on that. Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. I don't think we are seeing an inflection point or a reacceleration. I think the HR product line continues to do very well. And we are now on mainstream in terms of the types of customers that are looking to move to the cloud and with the high levels of customer satisfaction and the proven points of customers being live, I think it just bodes well for Workday. I think if there is anything that I would say about this quarter is that all the product lines are beginning to kick in and take some of the pressure off HCM. I hope that continues. Operator, can we have the next question please?
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Brent Bracelin from KeyBanc. Please ask your question.
Brent Bracelin: Thank you for taking the question here. One for Aneel and a follow-up for Robynne. Aneel, my question is on the demand drivers for cloud financials in the Fortune 50. Given the increasing number of proof points over the last year within the Fortune 500, what are the remaining objections you are fielding from the larger enterprises? And when would you expect to see some of the larger Fortune 50s begin to go down the path to embrace cloud financials?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I would separate out, you said Fortune 500 and Fortune 50s in there. The Fortune 50s are really hard to predict and we have a few of them. I would hope keep my comments to the broader Fortune 500. I believe, we are seeing a very similar adoption pattern for Fortune 500s as we did in HR five or six years ago. The more reference customers we have, the more that customers are facing painful upgrades of their legacy systems, the more that the regulations change with things like 606, those are all catalysts and I do think that the cloud is now viewed as the preferred deployment option versus on-premise, even for CFOs and whether that's through planning or through core accounting, I think that that is happening as well. And that's has been the case in HR and CRM for a while. It's beginning to happen in finance now. So a lot of things, no one thing to point out.
Brent Bracelin: Certainly good to hear. And then as a follow-up for Robynne. You talked about more opportunity shifting into kind of Q4. My question here is just, is this tied to a handful of larger lands that are shifting, because of complexity? Is it more geo-specific? What are the factors there that you should point us to as you think about some opportunity shifting in the quarters there in the second half?
Chano Fernandez: Brent, this is Chano speaking. I don't think there is one single factor. I would just say that particularly large deals, the timing move quarter-to-quarter. And as we are becoming a larger company, those tend to navigate more and move more towards the back end part of the year. But overall, the pipeline is healthy and quality of the global opportunities remain strong.
Brent Bracelin: Okay. So it's not geo-specific then?
Chano Fernandez: Nothing to highlight really specific, I think
Brent Bracelin: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Mark Murphy from JPMorgan. Please ask your question.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Thank you and I will add my congrats. Robynne, just following up on the prior question about more opportunities moving into Q4. At the same time, you are raising guidance and I think you are reaffirming the subscription backlog guidance. So I just wanted to clarify, are you highlighting the same trends that's been there, I think, for many years of the business just becoming a little more Q4 seasonal? Or were you intending to call out some type of maybe more meaningful change in this fiscal year?
Robynne Sisco: No. Nothing more meaningful, Mark. As you know, in the past, there have been times when we have called out specific trends that we are seeing just to help our analysts and investors understand the dynamics that impact the metrics that you track. For example, last year, we talked about the difficult first half comps where we were seeing, in terms of larger deals flowing into the second half of the year. We are actually seeing a similar dynamic this year, but they are just flowing into Q4 instead of more evenly spread across Q3 and Q4. So we thought it might be helpful for you to just highlight that as you look at how to model our business. But it's has nothing really unusual. It's just a continuation of the trend that we have been seeing.
Mark Murphy: Okay. Great. And then as a quick follow-up. Aneel, when you secure a planning win with a large organization like an Airbus or an AstraZeneca, do you see that as a precursor to a core financials win in the future? Or do you have enough data to know whether that increases the odds that that you would be able to win core financials from that organization in the future?
Aneel Bhusri: I think it's still early, but if you look at it, if they have HR and planning, so they are more than just one Workday product in the customer account, then I think it bodes well for finance. Then the account has chances to default to a Workday platform. If it's just standalone planning, I think it's probably harder to predict at this point. And Tom, if you want to add anything?
Tom Bogan: No. I agree. I think all those accounts are opportunities to engage with the customer and develop a more holistic relationship. But I think it's more likely to advance if it's an HCM and planning deal.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. Please ask your question.
Sanjit Singh: Hi. This is Sanjit Singh for Keith Weiss. And congrats on a swell and a strong start to the year. Robynne, maybe kickoff with a cash flow related question. When I looked at the billing performance this quarter and the deferred revenue performance, all very strong at nearly 30%-plus and it seems on the cash flows side, though, it seems to under pace the growth in billings as well as in overall cash flow. Can give us a sense of why cash flow grew 40% year-over-year versus the 30% type of growth you saw in deferred revenue?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. So because Q4 is sort of a high volume collections quarter, it's not really easy to predict how much we are getting at in Q4 versus Q1. And so we saw an over-performance in cash collections in Q4, which took some cash out of Q1. So we still feel really good about our guide for the year. But Q1 was a little bit of a lower cash flow quarter for us than usual, but you should expect that to pick up later in the year.
Sanjit Singh: Great. That's very helpful. And maybe Aneel, for you. As we think more broadly about the platform, it seems like each of the various HCM, financials, financial planning, just seem to be performing well. When I look back to PeopleSoft all those years ago, you guys, I think, brought on supply chain at the later stages of the PeopleSoft story. Is that and area where the platform can move next in serving where the sort of manufacturing type vertical? Any thoughts on that?
Aneel Bhusri: I would say, it's on the radar but I wouldn't say that we are going to announcing imminently. That's a big undertaking. We still have more work to do to really establish ourselves as leaders outside of HR. We want that same leadership position for financials, for planning. I think we are planning with Adaptive. We are one of the two. And then, with Prism Analytics, we saw 70% or almost 70% growth this past quarter. So I don't feel the need for another growth engine at this point. Frankly, I think it would be a distraction. We have a lot of work to do on the product side, especially as we take all the products into the world of machine learning. But you know, I would ask that question every year. And some of you might get a different answer.
Sanjit Singh: Appreciate that, Aneel. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Furby from William Blair & Company. Please ask your question.
Justin Furby: Thanks guys and congrats. Chano, I want to ask about just your efforts selling back to the base. I think there has been a bit more focused around that over the last several quarters. I am wondering if you are seeing any sort of measurable impact, whether retention rates or bookings mix? Or if it's more incremental? And then I have got a quick follow-up for Aneel.
Chano Fernandez: Thanks Justin. That customer base efforts or add-ons is tracking well. We see increased adoption around many different product lines, recruitment, learning, clearly Prism and planning, expenses and some others. We are very happy with the retention rates. We have commented again over 100% on a net basis. So, those efforts, we feel, that they are paying off. They are still early days but clearly as the opportunities increase, not only domestic here in the U.S. but also internationally, with a larger customer base, we see a huge opportunity there based on our great customer satisfaction and proven solution adoption. That's a great opportunity for us going forward.
Justin Furby: Okay. Great. And then, Aneel, I think you mentioned Legg Mason, which if I remember right was an Oracle win and it sounds like a win back for you guys. I am just wondering if you could speak more broadly on whether you are seeing more of those types of opportunities in your pipeline from Oracle, SAP? And is so, what do you think is driving that? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: I would probably rather not comment on that. We won Legg Mason for the full organization. Not going into all the competitive dynamics. They were happy with what they rolled out initially and decided to broaden their use of Workday. And that's probably best to leave it there. There are failed cloud implementations. There are also cloud implementations of best-of-breed products tied back to legacy core HR and finance that are on-premise. All those create opportunities for us. So it all comes back to having happy customers and having projects that are successful. And as we stay focused on that and other people don't have successful outcomes, hopefully they do look to Workday.
Justin Furby: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And we have Mark Moerdler from Sanford Bernstein. Please ask your question.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you. And again, as you heard, congrats on the quarter. I have got two questions. The first is, can you give us a bit more color on services specifically how have you seen the Workday delivered services shifting from HCM to financials? What I am really trying to understand is, how the process is moving in terms of getting the partners to deliver not just on the HCM side but on the full financial side themselves? Are you seeing the partners able to build and implement better and bigger implementations of financials? So where are you on both of those journeys? And then a follow-up question.
Aneel Bhusri: I have to get back to you with some of the specific data. But finance is definitely now more than half of the ecosystem, well more than half of the ecosystem is the partner ecosystem. That was the case for HR many years ago. And I am going to guess it's better than 80/20 for HR. I am not quite sure where it is for finance, probably tracking close to that. But partners have all, to a large partner have all embraced financials and in some cases, some of the firms that were late to embracing HR have made up by embracing finance early. And then we have got the boost from these partners embracing Adaptive. So I feel very good about the partner engagement on financials. And our stated goal is that our services is there to support our customers and they are for customer satisfaction, but we really count on our partners to take on the bulk of the implementation work.
Mark Moerdler: That makes sense. That's very helpful. And then as a follow-up, where are you on moving the existing planning customers over to Adaptive?
Tom Bogan: Yes. This is Tom. We have made excellent progress and I think at this point we have had conversations with probably 75% of the customers. Some of the customers who had implemented the Workday planning product, it's operating successfully for them. So they will be a little bit slower in their migration, but we have several successful customers. For example, Bucknell University is up. It is live, running on Adaptive. And we have five or six other customers who have already converted and gone live.
Mark Moerdler: Very helpful. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: And we have a question from John DiFucci from Jefferies. Please ask your question.
Samad Samana: Hi. This is Samad Samana, on for John. Couple of questions. One for Aneel, the 50% net new ACV growth for financials is really impressive. I was curious, if we were to stratify that for midmarket customers versus large enterprise, how would that growth rate look? And then I have maybe a follow-up question for Robynne.
Aneel Bhusri: Chano, on that first one?
Chano Fernandez: I wouldn't know exactly. I would need to come back to you on that one. What I can tell you is that the momentum continues in terms of seeing financials moving more upmarket and there is a good strength there. We had a great quarter in terms of large financials customers, particularly in healthcare and financial services, to mention some. We still have good to momentum continuing in terms of financials first move that we highlighted in Q4 and as well some good progress in terms of our HCM customer base coming out of, again being very happy with the product and the partnership considering us for financials. And the pipeline around those opportunities seems pretty healthy going forward.
Samad Samana: Great. And then Robynne, I guess from a bit of the CFO perspective, if you think about the adoption for financials, how do you think in terms of all the changes we have seen. And if I think about even ASC 606, as some of that lessens, do you think that adoption for financials should continue to increase as a result of that as well as the CFOs maybe have less to deal with from a regulatory standpoint? Maybe just help us understand from your perspective on financials adoption as well? Thank you.
Robynne Sisco: Yes. That's a great question, Samad. I do think there has been some distraction around some of these big accounting changes, including 606 and then more recently the lease accounting changes which was, I know, a lot of work for public company's finance organizations. It will be interesting to see as the company's get beyond that, you know if that freeze them up to make system changes. I do believe that one of the things that these accounting changes really highlights is how difficult it is to implement these changes if you are on a legacy on-premise financial system, where customers who are in the cloud and even more specifically on Workday financials we built in all the functionality that they needed to adopt and account properly under the standard going forward. And we did that internally ourselves as well. We are using all of the lease accounting functionality to adopt that at the beginning of our Q1. So I do think that it will highlight the need for CFOs and businesses to move to the cloud. So I do expect some positive momentum coming out of that but the timing of that is unclear as a lot of companies will move along their own timelines.
Samad Samana: Great. I appreciate you taking our questions and congrats on the quarter.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Alex Zukin from Piper Jaffray. Please ask your question.
Alex Zukin: Hi guys. Two quick ones for me. Robynne, maybe just one more time on the linearity of the pipeline through the year, if you could talk to? Are you saying that this is a question of the comps being just more difficult in the 3Q period versus last year? Or is it something about the size of some very large and pace of some very large transactions that could make 4Q or could make the year more backend loaded? And where would that show up? Should we look at two years ago from a billings linearity or deferred linearity to get a better sense than the year ago period? And then I have a got a quick follow-up.
Robynne Sisco: Yes. Alex, so really two different things. One, I wanted to highlight the difficult comps from last year for the back half, right, just overall. But my comment specifically about Q4 and then I will turn it over to Chano to add what he wants is when we look at our net new ACV for the year, a higher percent of it is landing in Q4 than what we have seen in the last few years. Now this is just a continuation of a trend that we have been seeing. But I did wanted to call it out because it will impact backlog, it will impact unearned, which will impact other metrics that you derive from those. So I just wanted to make sure that you had the visibility that we were seeing with that dynamic. Chano, anything you want to add?
Chano Fernandez: Thank you Robynne. Not much. I would say, Alex, that as you know we come off of a very strong FY 2019 and particularly strong Q4. And some of the large transactions that will be certainly larger cycles in terms of how long it take us to get there will also happen more materially around the Q4 time frame again this year. So that potentially has an impact of what we are commenting here on the yearly linearity. Nothing else to highlight. But I think that's a normal cycle and trend as we are becoming a larger company, I would say.
Alex Zukin: Got it. And then maybe just, Aneel, a quick one for you. Now you are seeing the strong, really strong continued traction with Adaptive, your first much larger acquisition. As you think about the broader aperture of your financial suite and you think about organic versus inorganic innovation around that suite, do you feel even better now about your ability to add functionality there through M&A to accelerate your vision? Or just maybe any comments about how you think about that for the future?
Aneel Bhusri: I think my personal view is that larger acquisitions are really difficult and frankly a lot of things fell in place with Adaptive. Number one, we knew the team really well. Tom and I are close friends going back 15 years. We had very similar corporate cultures, very similar focus on customers. And then the products and technology were very complementary. We knew the space. We were pretty far behind where Adaptive was. So there was a lot of things that fell into place to make that work. I just don't think there's a lot more targets out there like that. So you could see us continue to do smaller M&A. But the big ones will have to pass through a very tight filter on cultural fit, on technology compatibility, on limited overlap in terms of both revenue and technology. So I wouldn't see that as a precursor for us doing a whole bunch of more large acquisitions.
Alex Zukin: Perfect. Thanks Aneel.
Operator: And we have a question from Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs. Please ask your question.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you. I just wanted to follow-up on planning. It seems like you guys are having a lot of really good success there and I know you have only owned the asset for a little less than a year. But I am wondering if you could talk a little bit about how the selling motion has changed since you have owned it? If it's a shorter sales cycle for you, given how well you know these customers already when you are going into your installed base with it? And maybe any comment on your ability to sell this, like as an add-on to what you know as a sweet sale versus standalone traction? Thank you.
Tom Bogan: Yes. Thanks Heather. This is Tom. So there are two fundamental selling motions. The first is a stand where we are selling planning on a standalone basis and that's analogous to the way we sold the product prior to the acquisition by Workday. We continue to have a lot of success with that selling motion, a lot of interest from customers and the business there. We continue to be very pleased with the business there. I think in the nine months since the acquisition, the biggest change has been in Adaptive's ability to penetrate larger customers and have meaningful conversations. These are often platform deals and I will let Chano comment on that as well or they are planning upsells to existing customers. And I believe the credibility that we have being part of Workday has really accelerated our ability to have meaningful conversations with those customers.
Chano Fernandez: Yes. Completely agree, Tom. I think, yes, the decision planning cycles are shorter than the normal financial cycles. So you see a couple of motions there. One is those customers that will be going with Adaptive on a standalone basis, even some of our HCM or financial customer base is starting with and you see those where basically they see Adaptive as critical solution for them to make a decision to move forward with us, either on a financial transformation or an HR transformation and that is certainly an asset that we didn't have a significant strength before. And that was, I would say, a gap and it is much more complementary now. So clearly it's great, the power that it is giving us in terms of not just the Adaptive planning standalone business but obviously for customers making broader decisions with Workday.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I would just add that the three we highlighted in the press release were all existing Workday customers and they bought it as an add-on, Airbus, AstraZeneca and H&R Block, all were already existing Workday customers. So that was even part of a platform deal. So that's also a very exciting new development for us.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And we have Derrick Wood from Cowen & Co. Please ask your question.
Derrick Wood: Great. Thanks. Aneel, you mentioned trying to get new machine learning capabilities woven into the platform. Where are you guys in this journey? And how should we think about the modernization? How you get modernization out of it? Does it give you pricing leverage? What the revenue capture is?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, we have been, for the last three years, basically sowing in the machine learning capabilities into the platform rather than making it a feature app-by-app, right. You could add machine learning to one specific app, but it's not leveraged by the rest of the application. So we are taking the longer term approach of building it into the fabric and today we have got several examples of where it's shown up. In the career planning world, the system can make recommendations for the next move you should take or the next course you should take on the learning side. In the finance world, a lot of automation around the audit process. So it's coming to life really rapidly and we are going to unveil a whole wave of more capabilities at our next user conference. I don't see it as pricing. We are not going to charge extra for it. It's hard to see charging one price for the products with machine learning and then charging less, if they don't have machine learning. I think it's going to be a core capability that is just required just to be competitive. And so maybe it gives us pricing leverage because we will be ahead of our competition. I think it's very likely that we are already ahead and we will just extend that gap. And we will see if that gives us some pricing leverage.
Derrick Wood: Okay. And I guess just staying on the product question. Do you have any update on your platform efforts? I know it's a long build out cycle, but are there certain milestones we should be looking at as you roll this out to the market?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, so we now are up to almost 100 customers that have signed on for being either a pilot customer or actually using the platform in production. Very simply, the path to being in full GA, right now we are in limited GA, is just opening up the full platform from an API perspective. Right now, we are building out the APIs for very specific use cases, making sure those first wave of customers are successful and then adding a new set of APIs to open up additional use cases. And you will just see over time that, I think of it maybe won't take us long, but Gmail was in beta forever even though it was a great product. I think we are going to be in some form of limited GA for some time just as the breadth of APIs increases. But if the APIs that are there meet your needs, then it's full GA. So I think maybe that's not a clear way to describe it, but we have work to do on the APIs. The rest of the platform looks very strong.
Derrick Wood: Okay. That's good color. Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from Brian Schwartz from Oppenheimer. Please ask your question.
Brian Schwartz: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question here this afternoon. Either for Chano or Aneel, I was wondering if you can share with us, it's an industry question, on what you are seeing on demand trends and the pipeline momentum in the federal government? And then as we think about financial management in the federal government, is it possible to either compare or contrast the adoption trends that you are seeing for that industry versus what you are seeing in the commercial area? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. This will be really simple and really short. We don't sell to the federal government. There's a whole set of unique accounting requirements and even HR requirements that almost make it a completely different product line. Now if the federal government continues down the path to acting more like commercial organizations, that would open up a brand new market for us. And we do have some quasi-federal agencies that are Workday customers because they actually tend to operate more like a commercial entity. But right now, it's not a focal point for us.
Operator: And we have Scott Berg from Needham. Please ask your question.
Scott Berg: Hi everyone. Congrats on a good quarter. Just one question for me and I don't know who wants to take it. But we heard in the quarter that, I assume it was Workday ventures who made an investment in one of the large RPA, robotic process automation, vendors that's out there. That company subsequently bought both your financials and HR platform and is using it to reduce the implementation times by 50% or better. I just wanted to know, is this the technology you guys are looking to bring into your own implementation cycles because I know that has been a large focus for reduced implementation time frames in costs over the last few years? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. I would say that's in the TBD category. We make investment in a lot of interesting technologies. This new world of automation is definitely interesting to us. But we haven't made any decision yet to bring it into our own platform. And some of the estimates in terms of reduced time, we haven't been able to validate those ourselves. So we continue to invest heavily in our technologies to reduce the cost of implementation. And if some of this RPA stuff can reduce the cost of implementation or reduce the time, we definitely would embrace it but unclear at this point. It's an exciting new area, but unclear that this is something that we are going to bring in closer to Workday.
Operator: We have time for two more questions. Our next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow from Barclays. Please ask your question.
Raimo Lenschow: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. A quick question for Aneel. If you look at the competitive landscape, one of your competitors, large competitors is trying to force their client base over to kind of non-value add upgrades. Do you see anything of that showing up in your conversations already? Or is that something that's still going to come? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Anytime a customer is facing an upgrade from the legacy platform, they tend to look around and all we want to do is just to be in the mix of conversations. There definitely are customers that probably don't come to market, but increasingly customers are smart about their choices. And so I do think that those kinds of tactics just drive customers into a decision making process and they look at alternatives and hope we do well as part of those evaluations. Customers don't like, they don't want to be forced to do anything. But I think if they are being pushed to move into the cloud, if I were them, I would say, hey take a look at all the alternatives that are out there before you make a decision.
Raimo Lenschow: Yes. Okay. Bye, bye. It makes sense. Thank you. Well done.
Operator: We will take our final question from Brad Reback from Stifel. Please ask your question.
Brad Reback: Great. Thanks very much. Can you give us a sense of how the renewal pipeline looks for the remainder of the year and the opportunity that can afford you to sustain the strong upsell you saw in the current quarter? Thanks.
Chano Fernandez: Yes. This is Chano. The renewal pipeline is looking very strong for the remainder of the year. We, at this point, have no reason to feel other than confident with the same kind of renewal ratios in terms of the net basis that we have been sharing with you.
Brad Reback: And Chano, on that point, how is your confidence on the ability to upsell with this much broader products set than these customers saw when they first signed their deals?
Chano Fernandez: As I commented before, having a broader customer base with a broader set of products, when you have the customer satisfaction ratios that we are enjoying is just a blessing, right. Because it clearly allows us to have conversations with the customers that are already seeing value in some of the products and investments they have done with Workday. And we have to try to prove basically the opportunity for them to get value of the additional solutions that we bring to market. So we feel very confident and we have been sharing with you some of the attached ratios on very high rates that we have been experiencing on the sale of our products, around 70% or 70%-plus on products like time tracking, recruiting, payroll and others that have been longer in the market. We have no reason to believe that some of the other products that are just new will not get to the same ratios over time.
Brad Reback: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We now conclude the call. Thank you for joining Workday's Q1 earnings conference call. Have a good night.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-02-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. And with that, I'll hand it over to Mike Magaro, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Mike Magaro: Welcome to Workday's fourth quarter fiscal 2019 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; Robynne Sisco, our co-president and CFO; Chano Fernandez, our co-president; and Tom Bogan, CEO, Adaptive Insights. Following Aneel and Robynne's prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after the close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we'll discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Also, the Customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our first-quarter quiet period begins on April 15, 2019. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2018. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our fourth-quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to report that Workday had another strong quarter, capping off a great year. We continue to attract new customers, and many of our current customers are growing their investments with us. We now have over 2,600 customers, and our commitment to their success is demonstrated by our 98% customer satisfaction rate and broad referenceability. In Q4, we saw healthy demand across all product areas. Starting out with Workday HCM, we had another strong quarter as we continue to lead the market with our differentiated suite of products. In total, we added 10 new Fortune 500 customers and now have approximately 40% of the Fortune 500 using our HCM product line, including half of the Fortune 50. New customers include A.P. Moller-Maersk, Caterpillar, Sumitomo Chemical and Wyndham Worldwide Operations. We continue landing these large marquee accounts in no small part due to our proven ability to uniquely support our customers' high volumes of data and transactions. Notable go-lives in Q4 include Lloyds Bank plc, McKesson and Siemens AG. Switching over to the world of finance. Q4 was our best quarter ever for our Financial Management product line. In the fourth quarter, we added 79 core Financial Management customers, including four new Fortune 500 customers, two of which were net new customers and two of which who were existing customers that added on Financials. A few of the notable new Financial Management customers include Ryder Truck, Ameriprise and Banner Health. One interesting new trend is that we are beginning to see large enterprise companies now starting their finance and HR journeys with Workday Financial Management. This is a new development and something we view as a positive indication of the growing awareness of our Financial Management applications and the high levels of satisfaction our finance customers have experienced in the past several years. In addition to the strong growth from our core Financial Management Suite, we saw strong momentum in our second full-quarter selling the Adaptive Insights Business Planning Cloud. Indeed, it was an excellent quarter of execution within the core Adaptive Insights business, with over 200 new Planning customers for its stand-alone offering. We also achieved great success bringing Adaptive Insights into new large enterprise opportunities as add on sales into the existing Workday customer base, adding Planning in more than 50 new Workday platform deals and 30 existing Workday accounts. With Workday Prism Analytics, we had a record quarter in terms of number of new customers and again had triple-digit ACV growth, giving us strong momentum heading into fiscal-year '20. Indeed, our customers seem to be resonating with the idea of bringing any type of operational data securely into Workday in order to deliver better business insights and outcomes. Switching to the people front. A key part of our success continues to be our vibrant company culture, which allows us to maintain high levels of employee satisfaction and greatly helps us attract and retain talent across all levels of the company. To that end, I'd like to thank our entire team for making Workday No. 4 on Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For list in the U.S. Being a great place to work is something that Dave and I have cared about since day one, and it's an honor for the Workday team to be recognized on this prestigious list. As we look forward to fiscal year '20 and beyond, we will continue our relentless focus on innovation and expect to see continued momentum from our growing family of applications. We're confident in the pipeline we have built and the sales execution model we have in place. As such, we expect fiscal-year '20 to be another strong year of growth. I will now turn it to our CFO and Co-President Robynne Sisco. Over to you, Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon, everyone. Our fourth quarter capped a very strong year as we continue to demonstrate momentum across our subscription revenue growth drivers. We not only added a record number of net new customers in Q4, we also closed a record number of core Financials deals. Our high levels of customer satisfaction continued to drive strong renewal rates and add-on sales, supporting our thesis that satisfied customers not only become long-term customers but grow their relationships with us over time, both of which drive long-term shareholder value. Our subscription revenue grew 37% to $674 million for the fourth quarter and was up 33% to $2.386 billion for the full year. Total revenue was $789 million in Q4, reflecting growth of 35% from last year and $2.822 billion or growth of 32% for the full year. We continue to see global expansion as one of our growth levers, with total revenue outside the U.S. up 41% to $184 million in Q4, representing 23% of total revenue. Subscription revenue backlog was $6.74 billion, growth of 30% year over year, driven by strong net new bookings, success with add-on sales into our customer base and strong renewals, with net retention once again over 100%. Subscription revenue backlog that will be recognized within the next 24 months was $4.47 billion or growth of 29%. Our non-GAAP operating profit for the fourth quarter was $93 million or 11.8%. For the year, non-GAAP operating profit grew 35% to $291 million or 10.3% of total revenue. Benefiting from strong collections in Q4, operating cash flow for fiscal '19 was $607 million, representing 30% growth from last year. The integration of Adaptive Insights have gone extremely well. And the headwind to cash flow from the transaction and integration costs we incurred in the second half of FY '19 is now largely behind us. Current unearned revenue was $1.84 billion in Q4, up 29% year over year while, total unearned revenue grew 27% year over year to $1.95 billion. We successfully added and integrated more than 2,300 net new employees to Workday this year, which include approximately 500 from the Adaptive Insights acquisition, bringing our total employee count at year end to over 10,500. Operationally, we continue to execute well against our long-term vision, and our great second-half performance capped a very strong year. Now let me turn to guidance for fiscal 2020. As we enter the year, we see strong growth levers across all our products and geographies. We remain early in addressing our long-term opportunity, with most of our products still in the beginning stages of their growth curves. And you should continue to expect that we will reinvest any incremental top-line overperformance this year. For the first quarter, we expect subscription revenue to be between $692 million and $694 million, representing 33% year-over-year growth. For the full year, we are raising our subscription revenue guidance to a range of $3.03 billion to $3.045 billion, representing year-over-year growth of 27% to 28%. Sequentially, we expect subscription revenue to increase from the previous quarter by approximately 7% in Q2 and approximately 5.5% in Q3 and four. On the professional services front, we continue to value and support a growing SI ecosystem. Our partners are seeing robust growth in their Workday practices, and we will continue our tight alignment with them to ensure customers have successful implementations that support the highest levels of customer satisfaction and business value. We are expecting professional services revenue to be approximately $120 million in Q1 and $500 million for fiscal 2020, growth of 24% and 15%, respectively. Professional services margins will be slightly lower than last year as we continue to invest in programs to support customer deployments and to sustain our high levels of customer satisfaction. As we enter FY '20, I want to reiterate that we don't run the business to maximize either unearned revenue or calculated billings. As we discussed throughout this past fiscal year, our focus continues to be on new customer acquisition and long-term customer economics, which means that we will likely continue to see variability in unearned revenue throughout the year. We believe that our subscription revenue backlog is a much better gauge of the health of our business over the long term. And even though backlog will have some variability quarter to quarter based on contract duration and the timing of renewals, including early renewals associated with add-on business, unlike billings and unearned, it filters out the noise caused by varying invoicing terms. Based on our current outlook, we expect total subscription revenue backlog to have year-over-year growth in the high 20% range in the first half of the year. Given the accelerated growth we experienced in the back half of FY '19, the comps get more difficult in the second half of FY '20. So we are currently expecting year-over-year growth in the second half to be in the low 20s. Consistent with the preliminary outlook we gave last quarter, we expect a 200 basis point improvement in our non-GAAP operating margin for the full year, bringing our margin to approximately 12.3% for FY '20. The margin improvement reflects leverage as we scale, with continued investment in products and other areas of business to support our long-term growth aspirations. We estimate non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 13% in Q1 and expect a normal seasonal sequential decline in Q2 as we invest in our people through our annual compensation process. The GAAP margins for the first quarter and the full year are expected to be approximately 27 to 28 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margins. We expect operating cash flow in FY '20 to be approximately $790 million or 30% growth. The non-GAAP tax rate remains 17% for FY '20. Our Pleasanton development center construction project will be completed this year, and we plan to begin occupying the building in Q2. The FY '20 capital outlay for this project will be approximately $130 million and be front-loaded toward the first half of the year. We expect to spend an additional $280 million in FY '20 to support our other capital needs, primarily related to investments in data centers to support our customer growth, leased facilities and corporate IT infrastructure to support our continued business expansion and large furniture purchases in Q1 as we prepare the development center for occupation. And finally, I'll close by thanking our amazing customers, partners and employees for their continued support and hard work, which allowed us to deliver great results this past year. We are still in the early stages of executing against our long-term vision as a company, but our progress wouldn't be possible without shared goals. We look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. With that, let's begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mark Murphy from JP Morgan.
Mark Murphy: I wanted to ask about the four Fortune 500 wins in Financials in a single quarter. It seems impressive. And just to clarify, I think two were HCM customers, which added Financials. Two, I believe you said, were net new. Does that mean that they were platform wins or Financials only? And then could you just comment in general on which incumbent systems are being replaced more commonly?
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Mark, for the question. You got that right, two were existing HCM customers. Chano can answer the question about the other two being Financials only, and we can come back to that. I would say, of the 79 new financial customers, we saw for the first time a pattern of financial only or financial first, frankly, was enough of group of companies to actually think of it as a pattern. It's the typical systems you'd expect to be replaced, the legacy ERP systems, including the one we know best, PeopleSoft, but the others as well, of basically, the large company incumbents.
Mark Murphy: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Aneel, just as a follow-up, we noticed a recent article alluding to the possibility of Workday reaching $10 billion in revenue in six years. And I guess I'm not sure if you plan to comment or address that, but I think the last multiyear target we heard from Mark Peek was $4 billion. And so I'm just curious if you're sensing some incremental confidence in starting to think about a much higher number and maybe just what mix of business would Financials contribute as the company becomes multiples of its current size?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, that number was really -- first of all, it's aspirational and was internal to our employees to get them excited about our future. We definitely feel like we have the market opportunity to get there. And it's all about the persistent growth rate over the next number of years in terms of how long we could get there. I have a ton of admiration for what Marc Benioff and Salesforce has done in getting to that and now passing that number, and we'd like to be the same. And we're not at a place yet to talk about the relative splits. All we can say is that our market opportunity across all of our different products is definitely sizable enough to get us there. And the reason we updated the goal is given guidance, we're going to be close to the $4 billion target. Well, I mean, we'll be in the north of $3 billion this year. So kind of keep people focused on the future, and we needed to think about the next targets to get people thinking about the long term internally.
Chano Fernandez: Mark, this is Chano speaking on the two net new core Fortune 500 Financials. They were platform deals.
Aneel Bhusri: Chano, do you want to comment on what you're seeing in terms of Financials only as well?
Chano Fernandez: Yes. As Aneel mentioned in his script, we are seeing a new trend where large enterprise companies now are leading their transformations with Workday Financials. And that's the key compelling discussion before we're discussing the HCM opportunity. So we see this as a new development, and we believe it's a positive indication of the reputation we have built with our product and customers in the marketplace within Financials.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Furby from William Blair.
Justin Furby: I guess for either Aneel or Chano, I wanted to ask about the medium enterprise because I guess the tone from partners in that space has picked up quite a bit over the last six or nine months. I wanted to see if you're seeing that in your results as well. And if you could give a sense for sort of what percentage or some sense of the mix of your overall business today is medium enterprise, and when you look out longer term, you think that mix will go up, down, stay constant? Any sort of thoughts there would be helpful.
Aneel Bhusri: I think you are accurate in that we had a great quarter for medium enterprise. And we had a great quarter across all the parts of the business, but medium enterprise in particular grew faster than large enterprise, just given the number of accounts. And I think it's a testament to our lower-cost deployment model in that segment of the market really taking hold. Chano, do you want to add anything to that?
Chano Fernandez: No. I think you're right, Justin. We've seen strong growth. As we've said in all the calls, they usually are generally biased to the full platform, and it is clearly a testament of the go-lives, the value and clearly the lower implementation costs. And we're now more focused on driving the same basic implementation method already outside of the U.S. internationally as we go into FY '20 and beyond.
Justin Furby: Okay. That's helpful. And then I wanted to ask on M&A because it seems like the early results on Adaptive have been really positive. And Aneel, I'm wondering if that changes your view at all on M&A. When you look out over the medium term, do you think you could do another deal of that sort of size or even bigger? And what sorts of things are interesting to you from an M&A standpoint?
Aneel Bhusri: I don't know if that changes our perspective. We have a very narrow filter, and Adaptive fits that on so many fronts. Number one, we have very similar value systems. Adaptive is focused on their employees, on their customers and on innovation. Tom Bogan is a close friend for 15 years, and so integrations go well based on trust and cultural fit. And if you apply that filter, it narrows the group to a pretty short list of companies that fit. And I'm not going to comment on what industries or what spaces, but I think the Adaptive experience has been a great experience. I think a huge part of it is the cultural alignment. And where we've had misses in the past on much smaller opportunities, it's been also around cultural alignment. So that is the key factor for us. And I don't know, Tom, if you want to add anything to that.
Tom Bogan: No. I agree, Aneel. And I do think the cultural alignment is really important. And what I might add to that was the opportunity for Adaptive to leverage the core Workday sales force, particularly around large enterprise and international opportunities. Now I think that's one of the elements that's made this acquisition so successful in the early days.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan from RBC.
Ross MacMillan: I'm just curious, as you start to see this pattern change on Financials, either Aneel or Chano, do you feel you need to change anything in the sales org? And maybe specifically, is there an opportunity to create a sort of new motion -- stand-alone Financials motion? And then just as a follow-up, Robynne or Aneel, do you have the new ACV growth for Financials this quarter?
Aneel Bhusri: I'll let Robynne answer the second part. I think we have the right set of motions. I don't really think it requires a change in motions. I think it just means that as we engage with the customer, we should make sure we ask the question, "What is the scope of the project?" and not just default to, "Hey, they're going to lead with HR because that's been the pattern we've known for the last, let's say, five years but probably for the last decade." If that's changing, we just have to really listen to our customers and our prospects as to where they want to go first. I think overall, we're in a world of digital transformation. Those are the buzzwords that get used quite often, but it's true. And as the finance organization gets more comfortable with the cloud, and frankly, as our products mature and we continue to have success with deployments, it's very similar to what happened in the client/server wave as well. Client/server started out with products like HR and then got more into mission-critical applications like finance as of the technology matured. I think we're actually seeing a very similar pattern this time around. I'd also add that one of the reasons, I think, we're getting Financials-first conversations is that the Adaptive products are opening the door to the CFO earlier or in some cases, they're opening the door for the first time, and then we can have that broader conversation. So I wouldn't underestimate the power of now having a conversation, not just around core Financials but also around the Planning products from Adaptive and also the Prism Analytics on the analysis side. We can tell a full story around planning, execution and analysis. And that's key for the CFO community and the finance organizations. Robynne, do you want to comment on growth rates?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, absolutely. So our net new ACV Financials, Financial Management growth rate was still very, very strong. Keep in mind we had a tough compare from Q4 last year where we had some very large Financials wins as well, but it continues to be very strong and outpaced the HCM ACV growth. And that is driving revenue growth, over 50% still on the Financial Management side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler from Bernstein Research.
Mark Moerdler: Two questions. The first one is, can you give us some sense for these platform sales in terms of the revenue mix between HCM and Financials? And then I have a follow-up.
Aneel Bhusri: Chano, do you want to take that one on?
Chano Fernandez: Yes. I would say that you could tell approx a one is to one ratio, depends, of course, on additional SKUs in terms of the full scope that the customers may be buying.
Mark Moerdler: Perfect. And then as a follow-up, you're discussing how you're seeing not just the customer growth, but you're getting more revenue per customer. Can you give us a sense of what the drivers are that's allowing you to sell up? Is that selling new products since they're new customers? Is it sales of incremental usage? I know obviously, it changes all the time. But again, anything that can give us some color on what's driving the incremental revenue growth per customer.
Aneel Bhusri: It's generally the sale of additional modules. And I think I'd point to a couple of trends along that line. When you have happy customers, they definitely look to buy from vendors that they've had a good experience with. And once they're live with -- typically, a customer will start with core HR, maybe core HR and Payroll on the HR side, core accounting on the accounting side. Once they're live, they'll look to extend the footprint. So getting customers into production as quickly as possible and using our core capabilities then opens up the door for Learning, for Recruiting, for Prism Analytics, for Planning, for Time Tracking for those that didn't pick upfront Payroll. And so now that we have over 2,600 customers and 70% are in production, we have a big base of customers that are already up and running in our products. And it's just created a big base of opportunity to go back in and see what else would be useful to them.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Very nice and strong close to FY '19. Two questions sort of looking forward into sort of the FY '20 guide. I hate to be kind of Debbie Downer, but what's the macro environment that you're thinking about in the forward year? And is there any indications that -- because I mean, there's definitely some macro indicators that are starting to cool and then slow down. Any indication that that's impacting your pipelines that are sort of getting you concerned as of yet? Or is just sort of the strategic focus on digitalization and financials just outweighing any macro concerns that guys have? And then maybe a follow-up question for Robynne on the margin side of the equation. I understand that sort of the focus of the company is still very much on sort of the growth side of the equation. Can you help us better understand kind of the puts and takes between sort of the more mature HCM business and the types of margins you're seeing there versus the Financials side of the equation where you're still putting a lot of investment in and how that kind of dynamic is impacting margins in the near term?
Aneel Bhusri: On the first question, I was at a conference and saw one of our large financial services customers talk about their view of the global economy. And I tend to really resonate with his point of view. He broke it into three buckets: businesses, consumers and then government. Generally, businesses and CEOs have a positive outlook on their businesses and on the environment. The global economy continues to move forward at a nice pace. The general global consumer is spending money and generally in a positive frame of mind. The wild card is government, and I don't think this is an environment that many of us really know how to predict. Government has become unpredictable across many parts of the world, and we don't yet know how that's going to impact business or maybe it fades away. But that's the way -- we're, I think, in wait-and-see mode to see, will any of the government -- the government question marks out there actually have an impact on the pipeline? But businesses are still focused on digitization. Consumers are still spending money. It's really the question now, are these trade wars, some of the other macro environmental things coming out of government going to impact our pipeline? And I think we're in wait and-see mode view rather than having any view right now. Right now, I would say we probably haven't seen it yet, but we're watching it very carefully.
Robynne Sisco: And Keith, to your questions on margin, so we've talked in the past about long-term margin targets, non-GAAP operating margin targets of 25%. And we're really pleased to see that our HCM business is already there on a fully loaded basis. And so that really gives us confidence that we've got a very strong long-term operating margin, and we can continue to expand toward that long-term goal over time. But as you know, we are still heavily investing, not only in Financials but in some of our other products such as Adaptive and bringing them into the Workday fold, Prism Analytics, Workday Cloud Platform, and building out a lot of our industry modules as well, such as inventory for healthcare and supply chain. So we're very much in investment mode, but the proof of the HR business right now really gives us a lot of confidence that as we move toward those long-term targets, they are very achievable in the long run.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: I actually had two for you. First, I was wondering, Aneel, if you could talk a little bit on SAP's decision to force migration to HANA. And I'm wondering if you see this as starting to help the pipeline of financial conversions. Are you starting to have conversations with customers about that even though it's obviously many years out? And then the other question was on Adaptive. You guys obviously sound like you've seen really good initial traction. I'm just wondering if you could highlight a little bit of the competitive environment here and what features are resonating the most with clients versus what you had before.
Aneel Bhusri: On the first question, Heather, I don't think there's any one factor we look at to increasing the pipeline. And a lot of the HANA customers that they're pushing toward are using Financials as part of distribution and manufacturing, and that's not really part of the sector we're targeting. I think overall, the cloud momentum that started with Salesforce in the world of CRM then moved to HR with Workday and ServiceNow with IT, is now coming to finance. And so when you look at the viable finance products in the cloud, it's actually a pretty short list. And so as people are looking to transform their finance operations and as part of that move to the cloud, it, frankly, tends to be much more about us and Oracle. And SAP doesn't really have a native cloud story, and so they really don't factor into the conversation as much. And I think what they're doing with HANA is kind of orthogonal to where we are since it's really affecting their manufacturing base on the finance side, and we're not really targeting that sector. Tom, do you want to comment on what's happening in the world of Planning?
Tom Bogan: Yes. Aneel, thank you. So I think, Heather, it's fairly similar to what we saw before the acquisition with a couple of important changes. So the environment for Planning continues to be competitive. It's a large and attractive market space right now. As Aneel said in the prepared remarks, we had over 200 stand-alone Planning wins this quarter. We had over 50 platform wins and 30 upsells within the Workday base. So I think the attractiveness of the Adaptive platform in large enterprise customers, that's one of the areas that we're seeing a lot of resonance. From a competitive standpoint, we continue to see HANA Plan. We continue to see Oracle and others from a competitive standpoint. But I would say one of the positive signs has been our traction with large enterprise customers, and those are more than FP&A use cases. That's holistic business planning across the organization where organizations are modeling all parts of their business and using Adaptive as a platform to model and plan all aspects of their business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan from Bank of America.
Kash Rangan: Aneel, I'm curious, when we hear a lot about digital business transformation, I'm curious how you would describe the journey for your customers. Is it like a multipart, multiphase journey? And as that journey progresses and you choose to characterize it that way, how do the parts of the Workday product portfolio align with the journey toward digital business transformation?
Aneel Bhusri: It's a great question. And honestly, it changes every day. At the highest level, used to be 20 years ago, when you talked about HR, you would talk about HR with the HR leader and maybe IT. Today, you always still talk with the HR leader, but you also talk with the CEO, and that is a market change 20 years ago. And every company is trying to figure out or I would say every company that sees the world through the lens of employee engagement and how important is trying to engage their employees get better information on their hands, create great employee experiences. And so part of the transformation is, from an HR perspective, looking at HR as people engagement and employee engagement and, in some cases, partner engagement as opposed to traditional administrative applications the way they were thought of 20 years ago. And that is a big transformation, and it's a big change management project. And I think it's the same for finance. HR and finance together are going from being viewed as back-office operations in the world of client/server to front-office business partners to the CEO today. And finance is very focused on helping the business make the right decisions along the way to grow the business and make the business more profitable. And it's just a different mindset than the way client/server systems were implemented 20 years ago where it was just about automating business processes and making sure you could generate the right statutory reports. It's pretty massive. It's happening in every part of the business, not just HR and finance. And what we ask our customers to do is to really think about how they want to transform their business, not just move to a new platform because if they just move to a new platform, they miss the big opportunity, and the vast majority get that. And that was the reason why they switched.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne from Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Maybe just to start. Actually, I had one for Tom just around Adaptive. Tom, I think Aneel that mentioned having you all there is actually opening the door to talk to more CFOs directly as they think about Planning and connected planning as sort of a strategic imperative. When you look at your customer base, how many of those customers have actually made a decision from a cloud financials perspective? Meaning, how much uplift -- obviously, there's a lot of uplift of you being pulled into the Workday customer base. But actually, how many of those Adaptive customers have yet to actually make a financial planning decision?
Tom Bogan: Yes. I think it's early days, but we're seeing a lot of interest. I can think of three specific customers that started with Adaptive, and that was the early part of the conversation, so that quickly led to financials decisions. Obviously, the planning decision cycle, it tends to be shorter than a financials decision cycle. And so that's what we'd expect. But I can let Chano comment on this as well. But I think we're seeing a lot of interest from financial organizations in Workday that the conversation is often starting with Financials, but we expect it's leading to discussions around Financials as well.
Kirk Materne: And maybe, I don't know if Aneel or Chano wants to take this. But when we think about the shift to more Financials first, is there any commonality from a -- are you seeing it start in one particular vertical or one particular region, meaning it's the U.S. in front of the international market? I'd sort of expect that to be the case. But I was just kind of curious if you could address it from maybe a vertical perspective and sort of a geographic perspective if you're seeing anything that stands out in particular on that front.
Aneel Bhusri: Chano, your thoughts on that?
Chano Fernandez: Yes, I can. Kirk, well, as you know, we'd mentioned before always that there are verticals where we see that is more a platform mode clearly and clearly would mention verticals like healthcare verticals, like education and some others, that it is more platform. I would say that outside of those, it is more where is the compelling event and the reason for change in terms of order of priority, right? So the change is that there is much more confidence as Aneel was mentioning, now better understanding on the benefits of moving toward the cloud and transforming. So if that company is seeing that they're burning platform or their opportunity for growth and their need for visibility or agility or the way that they're engaging with their customers or geographies or business areas, I think, having more impact starting with Financials, then they do start there. I wouldn't like to really finger-point to a particular vertical to be more prominent than other, other than the ones I mentioned. I think that's more the reason where they can capture more opportunity or really they have fall a little bit more behind the investments that are required to compete and to have the visibility they need on today's business landscape.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Zukin from Piper Jaffray.
Alex Zukin: So I'll try to ask about pipeline both for HCM and Fins, if you could compare it to this time last year in terms of size and mix. And then maybe just for Robynne, what are you seeing on renewals at this point with respect to pricing uplift and expansion?
Aneel Bhusri: Chano, I think that first question is for you.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Aneel. Alex, thanks for the question. We have strong or solid pipeline that we can create to start it at the beginning of the year and clearly to the end of first month of our first quarter. So it's going to be a question more of the execution, which is I think a good place to be. In terms of the percentage of pipeline, clearly, Fins needs to keep it growing faster as a total of the mix. Obviously, as the mix is still higher, that is not a massive movement in terms of percentage of points, but it is a significant movement. So clearly, the Financials one is growing faster as a percentage of the mix, as you would be expecting. So that's good.
Robynne Sisco: And Alex, on your renewals question, so we continue to see very, very strong renewals. With net retention rates over 100%, growth over 95%, we continually hit those marks quarter after quarter and did so again this time. We've got really strong add-on history as well and had great add-ons in Q4. And I think that the dedicated customer base sales team that Chano put in place at the beginning of last year has really, really paid off, and we're seeing very strong add-on sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derrick Wood from Cowen and Company.
Derrick Wood: I guess for Aneel or Chano, you guys are clearly putting up strong growth in Prism Analytics, but I think penetration rates are still fairly low. So do you think we could see much greater adoption in the installed base this year? And what would be the key reasons for that?
Aneel Bhusri: We'd hope so. It's a great product that's still relatively young, and so it continues to gain capabilities. And I think the big part is bringing out very specific use cases like People Analytics, so we would expect that the Prism Analytics momentum continues. And I would hope -- well, I'm not going to give a time frame, but I would hope that over half of our customers will be using Prism over the next several years, and we're not anywhere near that level of penetration yet. I don't even think we're at 10% penetration yet. So there's a tremendous opportunity. And a big part of it is Prism is metadataware of Workday HR and finance. And if your analytics are HR finance based, it's a phenomenal platform to bring other operational data into to do deep analysis. And that's what our customers are experiencing, and I think that trend's only going to continue. I think one of the things the team did a really nice job with is making the ability to bring in third-party data much simpler than what systems have been like in the past, and then the visualization is much better than what systems have been like in the past. And so we continue to invest in those areas, but it's a very exciting product, and I expect it to continue to gain adoption rapidly.
Derrick Wood: And just a couple of quick ones for you, Robynne. Anything unusual with invoicing timing this quarter? And then in terms of the 30% growth in backlog, was there any impact from a duration standpoint there?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. Nothing to call out on the invoicing front. I mean, we will still continue to see some fluctuation based on that, but nothing I would call out in Q4. And on the subscription revenue growth, we did see a slight uptick in duration, which is not unusual when we have a lot of large deals as we did this quarter. So that was a small piece of it.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Richard Davis from Canaccord.
Richard Davis: Two quick tactical questions. So one, since you're keeping Adaptive independent -- I think the answer is yes, but anyway, can an Adaptive rep cross-sell an HR deal and vice versa? And then the second question is, you've done a good job bringing down the implementation costs, and I know that's not easy. Is there still material room for improvement?
Aneel Bhusri: On the second piece, there's always room for improvement, but we've taken it down in the medium enterprise from $3 spent on integration to $1 software to closer to one is to one. And so that is pretty much best in class. And I think that's why our win rates in the medium enterprise have gone up so significantly. As it relates to the first question, we definitely believe in the stand-alone business of Adaptive. And so the Adaptive team will continue to sell the Business Planning Cloud into Workday accounts and non-Workday accounts. But at this point, we're not leveraging the Adaptive team to sell the Workday products. They'll obviously send over the leads, but we're not doing that. There is definitely an opportunity down the road. Right now, we just want to be very focused on continuing the momentum that the Adaptive Planning team have built around the Planning products, Adaptive Insights built around the Planning products. Tom, anything you want to add to that?
Tom Bogan: No. That's right. I mean, we've set the incentives in place, as Aneel said, to make sure that the Adaptive team is incentived to work very closely with the Workday team. And so far, we're really pleased with what we've seen so far.
Operator: We will take our final question from Brian Schwartz of Oppenheimer.
Brian Schwartz: One question, just on the topic and the message about seeing the new pattern in the core financials platform demand in the large enterprise market. Is it possible to stack-rank the drivers of what's causing that between, say, market maturation, the enterprise SaaS versus, say, competitor challenges or, say, something specific with your go-to-market strategy?
Aneel Bhusri: I personally think it's just the maturation of the market. And so if customers believe that they're equally OK to go down the path of starting with HR or starting to finance, they'll focus on whatever platform is burning at a higher level. And if they view the finance platform, legacy platform, being the one that's on fire, they're going to replace that one first. So I think the biggest driver is the companies now view finance as becoming more mainstream for the cloud and therefore are prioritizing which of their platforms is the one that needs to be replaced the soonest. I wouldn't really tie it to competitors or to a different sales strategy. Our sales strategy has been pretty much the same, and I think it's been the right one the last several years. I think it's the maturity of both the view of financials in the cloud and our products.
Operator: This concludes the Workday Q4 Call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you.

===== 2019 Q3  (2018-11-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Magaro - VP, IR Aneel Bhusri - CoFounder & CEO Robynne Sisco - CFO Chano Fernandez - EVP, Global Field Operations Tom Bogan - CEO, Adaptive Insights
Analysts: Kevin Ma - Credit Suisse Mark Murphy - JPMorgan Sanjit Singh - Morgan Stanley Justin Furby - William Blair Alex Zukin - Piper Jaffray Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets Richard Davis - Canaccord Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch Scott Berg - Needham Kirk Materne - Evercore Samad Samana - Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. And with that, I will hand it over to Mr. Mike Magaro, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Magaro: Welcome to Workday's third quarter fiscal 2019 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; Robynne Sisco, our Co-President and CFO; Chano Fernandez, our Co-President and; Tom Bogan, CEO, Adaptive Insights. Following Aneel and Robynne's prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after the close of market and is posted on our website, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Also, the customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our fourth quarter quiet period begins on January 15, 2019. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2018. And with that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our Q3 earnings call. I'm pleased to report that in our third quarter of fiscal year 2019, we experienced an acceleration in net new ACV growth. Our Human Capital Management business remained strong and we had a great quarter for our Financial Management suite of applications. Importantly, the business acceleration we enjoyed took place independent of the impact of the Adaptive Insights acquisition. Starting with HCM, we had another strong quarter as we continue to gain share in the market with an industry leading true cloud platform, the deepest product capabilities, an unparalleled user experience and the highest levels of customer success. In Q3, some of the new HCM customers we added include Bank of Montreal, Glencore International, and Piedmont Airlines, a subsidiary of American Airlines. We continue to land marquee accounts in part due to our proven ability to support our customers' large volumes of data and transactions, a capability that neither of our legacy competitors has been able to consistently demonstrate in the cloud. In Q3, we also saw accelerated growth for the Workday Financial Management suite of applications. Subscription revenue once again grew over 50% with net new ACV for core financials growing over 60%. We believe that a combination of our expanded set of offerings, the increasing acceptance of the cloud by the office of the CFO, and our ever-increasing cohort of financial customers in production are collectively driving broader adoption of our Financial Management applications. New Workday Financial Management customers in Q3 included the Atlanta Braves baseball, Spectrum Health, H & R Block, Fox, and a large U.S. based financial services organization. In addition to the strong growth from our core financial suite of application, Q3 was our first quarter with Adaptive Insights as part of Workday. I'm pleased to report we got off to a great start together, accelerating the pace of adoption of cloud planning with early success selling Adaptive Insights product to large enterprise customers. Indeed, the early feedback on the Adaptive business plan and cloud offerings from customers and prospects alike has been very positive with high interest and enthusiasm for the Adaptive offerings. And we are actively working on migrating many of our Workday planning customers to Adaptive. We're committed to unifying Adaptive Insights with Workday [indiscernible]. While we will continue to support Adaptive integrations with all ERP systems, we are on track to 12 to 15 month delivery of the Power of One which will benefit our customers with access to one source for data, one security model, one user experience and of course one Workday community that enables them to plan, execute and analyze on one platform.  And lastly in Q3, we also experienced strong growth in our media segment of our business. As many of you know, we announced the Workday launch program last year which introduced fixed fee preconfigured application packages for U.S. based medium enterprises. Our ability to offer a full platform solution across HR, payroll and finance with lowered implementation costs have enhanced our already strong competitive position and accelerated our growth in that segment of the market. With the success of Workday launch in the U.S. we are now planning to take that program overseas in fiscal year 2020 to target medium enterprise businesses outside the U.S.  Our momentum in customer success was best captured at our annual user conferences, Workday Rising in the U.S. and in Europe. Between our U.S. conference in Las Vegas last month and our European conference in Vienna two weeks ago, we welcomed more 13,000 attendees including almost 8,500 customer attendees representing approximately 1,700 organizations. At Workday Rising, we once again revealed our annual customer satisfaction rating which came in at 98%. As you hopefully know by now, customer success is a core value of Workday and the Workday team works hard every day to help our customers run their business more effectively and make better decisions along the way.  On the product front, we continue to push technology and innovation with our most recent focus on embedding AI and machine learning as the fabric of the Workday platform. With Workday analytic, data, finance and HR systems, we're leveraging the acquisition of storage to offer Workday People Analytics, a new application that will give executives, organizational leaders and HR business partners a view into the most critical trends in their workforce and an understanding of the most likely drivers of those trends. It will leverage powerful artificial intelligence, machine learning and augmented analytics technologies to provide dynamically created metrics accompanied by explanatory narratives, what we call stories.  Our customers continue to benefit from our continuous innovation cycle. During the quarter, we announced the availability of Workday 31 which among the many new features included skills cloud, a university skills that helps organizations cleanse, understand, and relate job skills data. We believe our investment in innovation and our people will continue to pay off. In the quarter, we were ranked number one on Fortune's Future 50 list which recognizes the world's most forward-looking innovative companies that are investing in the future. From day one innovation has been in [indiscernible]. From the products we built, culture we foster, we've always had our eyes on what it takes to launch our company and our customers and our industry into the future.  And employees will always be our number one core value. Happy employees build the best product and make customers happy. On that note, I'm also pleased to share that Fortune and Great Places to Work announced this month that Workday is number three on the list of 100 Best Workplaces for Women. As we look to the future, we are firmly established our leadership in HCM where we differentiate ourselves through innovation, scalability and customer [indiscernible] and expect to continue to gain market share globally. And we are an early leader in cloud Financial Management with a strong set of offerings for CFOs who are looking to modernize their financial analysis and planning systems. Both HCM and Financial Management will continue to be the primary drivers of growth in the near term with the strong foundation for future growth drivers and Workday analytics, Adaptive Insights, business plan and cloud and the Workday cloud. All in all, a great quarter with strong momentum heading into Q4 and the year end.  And now over to you, Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon, everyone. As Aneel discussed, we delivered strong performance in Q3 resulting in accelerated growth across our core business metric and giving us great momentum heading into year end. On today's call, I'll touch on the highlights from our third quarter, update our guidance for Q4, and provide a preliminary high level view of FY 2020. Given this is our first quarter with Adaptive Insights, we are providing an additional level of transparency during this call to assist in your understanding of how Adaptive Insights impacted our Q3 results across our key metrics. Internally, however we are not tracking Adaptive Insights differently from any other product so you should not expect us to guide or report planning metrics separately going forward. Instead, as with all key products, we will give you milestone updates as and when it makes sense to do so.  For Q3, we delivered total revenue of $743 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 34%. Our Q3 subscription revenue was $624 million, up 35% year-over-year. Approximately $4 million of the over-performance is attributable to the finalization of the deferred revenue haircut related to the Adaptive Insights acquisition. The remaining upside was driven by very strong performance across our product suite.  Revenue outside the U.S. was up 47% to $170 million, representing 23% of total revenue. Subscription revenue backlog was $5.9 billion, growth of 31% year-over-year. Approximately $140 million of this increase or 3 percentage points of growth relates to the inclusion of the Adaptive Insights backlog balance. The remaining growth was driven by an acceleration of net new bookings growth, including a few deals that pulled in from Q4 and very strong renewals with net retention once again over 100%. Our 24-month subscription backlog was $4.02 billion or growth of 31%. Approximately $125 million or 4 points of growth relates to the inclusion of Adaptive Insights.  Our non-GAAP operating profit for the third quarter was $49.7 million and operating margin of 6.7%. The margin upside from our guidance was primarily a result of the strong revenue performance. Third quarter cash flow from operations was $114 million. As we noted in our guidance last quarter, cash flow in the second half of this year is impacted by one-time acquisition related payments with a majority of the impact occurring in Q3.  Total unearned revenue at the end of Q3 grew 28% year-over-year to $1.57 billion. Current unearned revenue was $1.46 billion, up 29% year-over-year. Our biggest investment continues to be in our people and in attracting top talent to Workday. During Q3, we successfully added and integrated over 1,000 net new employees, including over 500 from Adaptive Insights, bringing our total workforce at the end of the quarter to over 10,200. We are very pleased with our operational execution in Q3 and feel well positioned going into our historically strongest quarter. Now let's turn to guidance. The continued strength in our business is allowing us to raise our Q4 and fiscal 2019 outlook as follows. For subscription revenue, we're raising our full year estimate to be in the range of $2.375 billion to $2.377 billion or growth of 33%. We expect our Q4 subscription revenue to be $663 million to $665 million or 35% to 36% growth. We expect professional services revenue to be approximately $433 million in fiscal 2019 and $112 million in Q4. We therefore estimate that total revenue for fiscal 2019 will be $2.808 billion to $2.810 billion, or growth of 31%, with Q4 total revenue in the range of $775 million to $777 million, or growth of 33%.  We are expecting non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 10% for both Q4 and the full year. The GAAP operating margins are expected to be lower than the non-GAAP margins by approximately 27 percentage points in both Q4 and fiscal 2019. Given strength in the business, we now forecast short-term unearned revenue to grow approximately 26% in Q4. We are maintaining our operating cash flow guidance of $550 million for the full year, but believe there may be some upside to that number depending on Q4 linearity and timing of collections.  We are also maintaining our capital expenditure guidance for the year of $200 million for our owned real estate projects and another $200 million for all other CapEx. Please note that next year we will no longer be providing color around short-term unearned revenue growth rates. We did this in fiscal 2019 as a bridge until our peers transition to the new reporting requirements around remaining performance obligations, what we call subscription revenue backlog. While this new metric is not perfect, we believe it's a better gauge of the health of our business over the long term primarily because unlike unearned revenue and billings, it's not impacted by varying contractual invoicing terms.  While we are early in our FY 2020 planning cycle and still have an important Q4 to close, we would like to provide a preliminary and high level view of FY 2020. We remain confident in our ability to sustain strong long-term revenue growth, given the secular market trends towards cloud adoption and our established leadership position. We are currently planning for FY 2020 subscription revenue of approximately $3.0 billion to $3.01 billion. We continue to expect pronounced and compounding seasonality towards Q4 with our Q1 being the seasonally slowest in terms of net new bookings.  We would expect subscription revenue in Q1 of FY 2020 to grow approximately 4% sequentially from Q4. We continue to prioritize growth over margin expansion and have made and will continue to make significant product and other investments next year and beyond. While FY 2020 still faces some margin headwinds from the Adaptive acquisition, we do expect to return to more normal levels of operating margin expansion. We are currently planning for FY 2020 non-GAAP operating margins of 12%, which represents an estimated 200 basis point improvement year-over-year. With that, I'll close by thanking our amazing customers, partners, and employees for their continued support and hard work which allowed us to deliver great results in the third quarter and have set us up for a strong finish to the year.  Operator, let's now begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Kevin Ma: Thank you. This is Kevin Ma on for Brad Zelnick. Congrats on the quarter, guys. I just wanted to ask on Pro services, that reaccelerated pretty substantially this quarter, even taking out what you originally guided for the Adaptive acquisition. Can you give any color on how much of that was from incremental synergies and uptake from financials or any other drivers. 
Aneel Bhusri: Yeah, so what you see in the Pro serve growth is kind of seasonal patterns that are pretty normal for us. That number can ebb and flow based on the number of implementations going on at any given time, how many of those we're priming, so really just normal levels of growth there. 
Kevin Ma: Got it. Okay. That's it from me. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Aneel Bhusri: Mark, are you there?
Michael Magaro: Next question, please.
Mark Murphy: I'm here. Yeah, I was trying to ask you on the platform deals that our field work has been showing a real increase there on the deals that include both HR and financials, and it's been not only in the mid-market but also in the portion of enterprise that kind of gets up towards 10,000 or 20,000 employees. So just curious from what you're seeing how tangible is that trend toward the platform purchases if you look at the bookings mix? And then when you take a look at the pipeline for next year, do you see that accelerating in terms of the platform consideration? 
Aneel Bhusri: Well, there's no question that for medium enterprise buyers, really for the last several years that the platform solution is a really popular solution. They need to move HR and finance to the cloud. They would prefer not to have two different systems. They would rather have one unified system. And now what we're seeing is that trend begin to move up market, probably more driven by financials moving up market. And so I would expect that to continue and to become a bigger part of our business. Tom, anything to add?
Tom Bogan: No, I think that's correct. Hi, Mark. From a perspective, the financials management continues to grow as a percentage of the mix. Although give of course sustained solid growth in HCM, the mix shift is moving slowly. 
Mark Murphy: Okay. And Chano, if I may, just a quick follow-up. I think at Rising you commented that the pipeline was particularly strong for Q4. So I think it's a little surprising to see kind of the blowout results in Q3. Is the confidence in Q4 equally high, or were the deals that pulled into Q3 material enough to kind of change that Q4 setup at all? 
Chano Fernandez: Thank you, Mark. I think we commented we pulled in some business forward from our Q4 quarter but we have similar levels of pipeline coverage as of last year, so I think it's going to be a question of execution. It's still early in the quarter. But we're positive about the outlook. 
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Sanjit Singh: Hi. This is Sanjit Singh sitting in for Keith. Congrats on a really strong quarter. I had two questions. First on international, on the 47% growth there, seems like that's getting a lot of momentum. Aneel, you mentioned about the opportunity to further penetrate the mid-market, but any sort of color you can provide on what's driving the strength in the international side of the house, whether it's new HCM wins or further expansion of the base. Any detail there would be appreciated. 
Aneel Bhusri: I'll turn that question over to Chano.
Chano Fernandez: Thanks for the question. We are happy with the momentum in the international business, the foundation that we had created, the strong customer visibility and we had a hugely successful rise in Europe Vienna. Our footprint across Europe and Asia really is still expanding. It's early days as those markets are behind the U.S. in terms of cloud adoption which is clearly a great opportunity over time. I believe there are a couple of emerging geographies where we still have work ahead of us in terms of establishing consistency, but we are very focused on improving the great opportunity ahead of us in international.
Sanjit Singh: I appreciate the comments, Chano. Maybe as my follow-up, Aneel, you mentioned that ACV growth of 60%-plus in Financial Management, ahead of revenue growth. To me, I know we've been hesitant to call this out before, but it felts like a bit of inflection, and I wonder how you were sort of interpreting the strong Financial Management performance this quarter. Does this feel like a different type of environment for Financial Management versus some of the previous times when we've seen a bit of an uptick and then maybe a little bit of a leveling out. Any sort of comments there. 
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I'm going to be careful to not draw any conclusions from one quarter. We have been growing the business at over a 50% clip on the subscription revenue side now for quite some time. The medium enterprise business continues to be very strong for financials. I think sometimes people discount how good that opportunity is for us, not just in the U.S. but across the globe. And we are continuing to see the move amongst large enterprises. I won't say that all Fortune 500 accounts are showing up at once, but the rate of Fortune 500 accounts showing up to evaluate financials for the cloud is definitely picking up.  So ask again after every quarter and we can start looking at patterns, but I don't want to draw any conclusions just out of one quarter. But very pleased. I do think that one of the things that CFOs are paying attention to by nature, a fairly risk averse crowd, we're now over 500 customers who are using Workday Financials and I think 70% of them are live and in production. And so now there is a cohort of very happy customers using the system to close their books and run their business. So CFOs can ask their peers about Workday and financials in the cloud, and a few years ago, that was a much smaller universe of companies you could talk to. 
Sanjit Singh: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Furby with William Blair & Company. Your line is open. 
Justin Furby: Thanks, guys. Can you hear me? 
Aneel Bhusri: Yes, we can.
Justin Furby: Okay. Great. I guess just  hi. I just wanted to follow up on the financials commentary. I guess if you look competitively, Aneel or Chano, how do you feel about sort of your win rates in that market versus what you see on the HR side of things?  And I'm curious  I know it's pretty early were Adaptive, but what the conversations have changed at all now that that business is inside of Workday and how that changes the dynamic, particularly in the enterprise, if it's changed at all yet. 
Aneel Bhusri: So on the first one, our win rates are relatively similar for HR and finance, and that's been the case for quite some time. In the finance market, there are  the only overlap and really main competitors in finance is Oracle. SAP doesn't have a product in the cloud. Ultimate is just an HR competitor and we see NetSuite less and less. So it is a slightly different competitive landscape but our win rates are pretty similar. In terms of Adaptive, there's a high degree of interest amongst the Workday enterprise customers and Adaptive Insights. Not just the ones who had already signed up for planning, but ones that are HR customers, maybe not quite ready to switch out core financials but looking at planning as a first step to moving financials into the cloud. So Tom and I couldn't be more thrilled as to how the Adaptive products are being received by the historical Workday customer base. Tom, you want to add anything to that.
Tom Bogan: Yeah, I think that's right, Aneel. I think both the receptivity on the part of the Workday customers who bought planning and the conversations we've had with them in terms of moving to the Adaptive platform. But I think from an Adaptive perspective what we've seen is a lot of interest in the Workday large enterprise customer base. And we've had a number of conversations, there's certainly in many cases in the early stages but they've been extremely constructive and we're very optimistic about the potential to grow that business as we move forward.
Justin Furby: Okay. Great. Super helpful. And then just as a follow-up, either for Aneel or Chano. I know you've been sort of throttling the selling effort on Prism this year. When you look out to next year, Im just curious sort of what your expectations are there.  And then student is one that I don't know if we talked about in some time but it seems like that's getting closer to a market that's starting to inflect and curious sort of those two products, Prism and student and how you think about them for next year. Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: So I would say on Prism we're less and threat throttling our willingness to sell. It's much more about making sure that the use cases fit where we are with the products. But the product line is one of the fastest growing product lines from a net new ACV perspective we've ever seen. Can I say what numbers, Robynne. 
Robynne Sisco: Triple digits.
Aneel Bhusri: Triple digit year-over-year growth. And as we begin to mature the capabilities and grow the use cases, we honestly expect that to continue and as we've done some analysis, we've had one of our long-time strategy folks, Derek Butts, do some real analysis on many of our new initiatives. And one of the surprises was the upside we see on the Prism business as we turn an offering into a product line and people analytics is one of those first steps into turning it into a product line. There's a clear path to building a billion dollar business there on Prism that might not have been as obvious to us a little while ago.  In terms of student systems, we're very focused on getting the first four or five large universities into production and after that we can think more about scaling the business. But that's where we are right now, very focused on building out the capabilities and getting those large universities live in the coming quarters. 
Justin Furby: Super helpful. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Zukin with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open. 
Alex Zukin: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on a really strong quarter. Just two from me. So maybe first, Aneel, on financials, can you talk about the activity around selling into the HR base versus net new logos?  And then as you think about the pipeline for both 4Q and next year, how do you think about it in terms of -- or how does it compare in terms of the mid-market financials versus the enterprise financials business? And then I have a quick follow-up on Adaptive. 
Aneel Bhusri: So its basically additional HR into HR. 
Robynne Sisco: Well financials into the HR customer base. 
Aneel Bhusri: And I think and additionally HR into HR.
Chano Fernandez: Yeah. Hi, Alex. This is Chano speaking. Regarding financials into our customer base, we are very happy with the progress there. We clearly have the mapping within our key verticals, and I would say we have great engagement with the majority of the customers. Clearly, how are those going to be folding on particular quarters is yet to be seen, but the progress is on a positive track. In terms of our HR add-on business or additional extensions of the product set into the customer base, if I understood your question correctly, I would say that since the of the go-to-market customers based on this year, we have seen a good acceleration of business there. Especially after our customer base is more significant and is growing, and particularly taking advantage of being a happy customer base. 
Alex Zukin: Got it. Thanks. And maybe just on the pipeline, just finishing up on that, the second part of that question in terms of financials on mid-market versus enterprise. 
Aneel Bhusri: I would say both are similarly -- basically similar percentage or similar mix as we've been having before. So there is good activity in both levels. Clearly since our launch of our go-to-market into medium enterprise launch activities, the medium enterprise has been taking significant traction in terms of the offering and not only the subscription but basically the implementation, fixed fee services and we're taking time to value there, really shortening and really good customer base and basically reference ability. So that is tracking very well. We continue to do well in terms of the large enterprise momentum and activity, both in the U.S. and internationally. 
Alex Zukin: Perfect. And then Robynne, just a quick follow-up on Adaptive, if I may. Is it possible to get just the contribution to subscription revenue, revenue and deferred revenue and unearned revenue in the quarter from Adaptive. 
Robynne Sisco: If you'll recall, last quarter we did talk about what we thought the contributions from Adaptive would be in terms of subscription revenue and we were $4 million ahead of that number this quarter because of the finalization of the deferred revenue haircut which came in lower than we had originally anticipated. We mentioned also at the time last quarter that we expected Adaptive to contribute $22 million in Q4. That number would now be $25 million with the change in the haircut value. But we're actually not going to be updating those numbers now or going forward because as you can imagine, given the cross-selling of the product across both companies, the lines have really already blurred in terms of what's purely Adaptive and what's organic Workday so we don't think that makes sense to break out anymore.  In terms of unearned, we also gave color last quarter that we expected 25% short-term unearned growth for Q3 and Q4, 3 percentage points of that were attributable to Adaptive and including their balances into our balance sheet and so all of the upside from that, both the 29% we delivered this quarter and the 26% we're guiding for next quarter is strength across our product suite that we're expecting. 
Alex Zukin: Understood. Okay. Thank you so much. Congrats again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks so much. Congrats from me as well on the super strong numbers. And Aneel, I'm curious your HCM momentum remains very strong and you made commentary I think back at the management team made commentary at Rising about how much was still left in the Fortune 500 Global 2000 and I just wondered from your perspective how do you think about the durability of that HCM business in terms of sustaining what you would like to see as a target rate of growth. 
Aneel Bhusri: Yeah, I think it continues to be a very healthy business. We're not quite yet at 200 of the Fortune 500. We're at 50% of the Fortune 50. I think we can do a lot better. Without being negative on our competition, the reality is they don't have proof points of large companies in production and we're beginning to where we continue to see the network effect of large companies who are happy with Workday, referencing to other large companies who haven't made a choice yet in the cloud. So I think there's still a lot of opportunity for us especially as you get outside North America where depending on the geography, they're three to five years behind in cloud adoption and they're looking across the globe to see what their peers have done. A multinational thinks like a multinational, independent of where they're based and they want to have successful deployments and as you look at the multinationals in the other geographies and they see a lot of successful Workday deployments it's impacting their decisions. So there's still a lot of opportunity in front of us.  I'd add the other piece, what we saw in Q3 with the success of medium enterprise, really accelerating growth as well with the Workday launch program, reducing the cost of implementation, most of the world outside of the top -- the largest 10 countries, most of the world is a medium enterprise world. Even in markets like Germany, the bulk of the economy is driven by a group called the middle stat, basically the bulk of the economy are medium enterprise companies and now that we've got a better cost story there on the implementation side I think it opens up that opportunity as well. 
Ross MacMillan: Thats great. And just a follow-up, Robynne, just you mentioned a few things that impacted the strength in the quarter, net new bookings accelerations, some deal pull-forward and then renewals. Just on renewals, were you saying renewals that pulled forward or just renewals were at very healthy levels, maybe were larger? What was the implication you were trying to drive on renewals. Thank you. 
Aneel Bhusri: Yeah, just renewals that came up within the quarter were very strong and we continued to meet or exceed our target of 100% net renewal and 95% gross renewal so we're very pleased with our renewal performance in Q3. 
Ross MacMillan: That's great. Thanks so much, and congrats again. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Canaccord. Your line is open.
Richard Davis: Hey, thanks. So we sent our guys out in the field to talk to some of the vendors and stuff, and we were asking about like digital transformation and stuff. What was interesting was they couldn't really -- we got different definitions of it, right. And then the other question that we had, we asked was when they did have troubles with that, the biggest hang-up was when HR and finance were not working as a team.  So Aneel, you've been around long enough to see this before as a whatever, reengineering problem. Where are we in that process in the market in terms of educating people on this? It's more than cloud but where do you draw the line and where do you pull in your systems integrators and how do you see that evolving? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: I think in particular -- it's a great question, Richard. In particular, in companies that are not manufacturing companies but people based industries, HR and finance need to work absolutely hand in hand. Because the biggest asset and the biggest expense for these companies are their people. So we definitely see that as a big advantage for us and we see companies beginning to leverage what they did in HR, say hey, we've already got the work structures in place. We've got the security model in place, why not look at Workday first for financials and we would have all the unified reporting and analytics we would like and then you throw in Adaptive planning and we've got effectively our business operating system all working together.  So I think it's beginning to play that way. And for companies that haven't chosen to do HR until now, they're definitely looking at HR and finance together where five years ago people were just not doing that, they were just looking at HR. So I do think that that digital -- digitization and reengineering as both product lines become market ready or have been market ready happening together is a real positive trend. 
Richard Davis: Great. That's super helpful. Thanks, man.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Kash Rangan: Hi. Thank you very much. Congratulations on a fantastic quarter. I guess I'll ask a macro question, since I assume it's not been asked. So Aneel, I think last year or maybe two years back, you were rightly prophetic in caution that you saw going into Q4 results and ended up that the business environment was largely more supportive than we all feared and we had a nice two-year run.  Now we're back again at those kinds of crossroads with a similar list of topics that are not pertinent necessarily to Workday but to investors keep wondering is this good stretch of results can really sustain the momentum going into calendar 2019. Since you have the purview of talking to decision makers, CFOs, CEOs, that really -- your product touches practically millions and millions of end users. What is your feel for what's on the minds of CEOs and CFO as they prioritize Workday and their budgets for calendar 2019, what are the things you're hearing from your customers specifically? 
Aneel Bhusri: I generally hear that business is good and the uncertainty in the global political environment gives them pause. And I just don't know how much of what gives them pause is just rhetoric. Some companies are worried about the aspects of a potential trade war. So will that factor into the way they're thinking? Right now it seems like bluster back and forth.  So I would say if you just separated out the business cycles, it still seems like we're in a good part of the global growth economy cycle. It seems like most economies are doing well. I think Europe is doing surprisingly well based on what people expect it to be doing. But there's this hangover of uncertainty coming from the political environment that's not just limited to the U.S. but somewhat happening everywhere and I don't think any of us really know what -- how to factor that in or predict it.  So I would say stay tuned. And right now, we're just trying to ignore it and the world -- the new normal in the world is political volatility and hopefully it doesn't have a huge amount of impact on our business. 
Kash Rangan: Congrats on the results. I'll yield to the next question. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Berg with Needham. Your line is open. 
Scott Berg: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I just have one at the moment. I don't know if Aneel or Chano wants to take it, but can you tell us about some of the lessons you've learned with Adaptive in the portfolio today with regards to how it can help you sell financials going forward? I know we all know it's going to help that platform generically over the next two to three years as customers become more comfortable with that entire ecosystem, but is there may be a direct tie that you can tie it from one to the other. 
Aneel Bhusri: Well Id say the number one takeaway so far is our companies have very, very  we hoped they had very similar value systems and cultures, and they do. And if you look at the history of acquisitions in the technology field in particular, I think that's the biggest determinant of success and failure. So from that part, the two companies are working extremely well.  I think largely the thesis that planning was going to open the doors for Workday have played out and the other thing that we knew going in is that Adaptive planning was far ahead of Workday planning, has turned out to be true which is why we put all of our eggs in the Adaptive planning basket and why we're moving capabilities like sales planning and Workforce Planning to Adaptive. It's all played out and what we were hoping to see was interest in large enterprises in the Adaptive product who had been historically Workday customers and all those things have happened.  So Tom and I were talking about it earlier today. It's really played out the way we had hoped to play out and that's not always the case with two companies coming together. So feel very fortunate. You want to add anything, Tom. 
Tom Bogan: Just that there's -- we continue to have momentum. We added approximately 200 new customers this quarter and we agree that there's a great opportunity to sell financials behind that. Most of those customer additions are stand-alone customers but we've also seen a lot of resonance, a lot of interest as I said earlier in existing Workday customers and the opportunity to sell Adaptive to those customers. 
Scott Berg: Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore. Your line is open.
Kirk Materne: Thank you very much. I'll add my congrats on the quarter. Maybe actually for Tom, just a follow-up on that line of thinking around the 200 customers you have. Seems to us talking to a lot of the partners in the field that right now planning is something that CFOs are very engaged in talking about. Is there any way that you can sort of give a, I don't know, a guesstimate or sort of your thoughts on after someone buys into planning or connected planning vision, how long after that do you think they're ready to make another decision around financials?  It seems like an incredible way for you guys to have just that more much more dialogue with CFOs and ultimately so that when ultimately they decide to move their general ledger to the cloud you're involved in that account. I don't know. I'm trying to get a sense on is there a six to eight quarter lag before they're ready to make another decision in financials or can it come faster based on some of your experience or your conversations? 
Tom Bogan: I think we do see the thesis companies are willing to move to a cloud-based planning system earlier than perhaps they are financials. We do see that playing out. So we're very encouraged by the conversations we've had with customers and prospects around moving their planning to the cloud.  I think the decisions around when they're ready to move their financials to the cloud are really dependent company to company. And while I agree that there are opportunities, particularly when we have satisfied customers and we do an effective job of engaging with those customers, we believe that will result in follow-up on opportunities in financials but Chano, I'd say that the timing is probably a little bit more customer situational. 
Chano Fernandez: I agree, Tom. Kirk, I think the most important thing is the feedback we're getting from our prospects and customers so far regarding the capabilities and scalability of the Adaptive planning cloud is super positive. That's the thing that is really relevant. If you think it's -- it's early days but we had a quarter where we were in double digits planning customers over 10,000 employees, clearly some of those are not yet financial customers but we expect that some of those are going to see time to value and planning in four to six months time frame cycles of implementations. I think we'll be in a great position to go back and have a discussion about our point of view and why it makes sense to extend and there is good business value and benefits in taking on to the full financial platform. But it's early days so I guess we'll be learning but we're very excited how that's looking. 
Kirk Materne: And maybe just one follow-up actually on financials which seems to be building some momentum. I guess when you look at the acceleration in that, is there any one particular vertical that seems to be sort of taking off in front of some of the others? I know you guys have nine that you focus on. Are you seeing a lift kind of across all nine, or are a few kind of pulling ahead based on either just more customer references in those? I'm just kind of curious if the entire sort of strategies moving ahead or there's a couple that are going to be sort of lead dogs in this movement longer term. Thanks. 
Chano Fernandez: Well, financial services has definitely begun to pick up. There's no question about that. Business services was already an interesting segment as was the tech segment. But financial services has been slow to move to the cloud and not just for finance but for HR. I'd say that's the area that's picking up very nicely and that's a huge market for financials. 
Aneel Bhusri: The other one I would say, Aneel, core verticals on health care. Has been clearly PSA professional services, automation around more business services, that seems to be performing really well given now the strength of our solution portfolio there. 
Kirk Materne: Super. Thanks so much.
Operator: We will take our final question from John Di Fucci with Jefferies. Your line is open. 
Samad Samana: This is Samad Samana on for John. Just a couple questions. First, you mentioned the acceleration in net ACV. I was wondering if you could give us some additional color on whether it accelerated, when you look at it broken out for mid-market and enterprise and maybe by Geo and then did it accelerate both for HCM and financials and then I have a follow-up question. 
Aneel Bhusri: All of the above.
Samad Samana: Okay. 
Aneel Bhusri: Accelerated across the board. 
Samad Samana: Okay. Great. Thanks for that. Just one follow-up. I think at Rising Europe in the Q&A I think Aneel you mentioned a that the company had 100 customers for Prism already and about half of those are in production. I'm curious if you started to see any type of patterns emerging in terms of what type of customers adopting it, are they more platform oriented on Workday already, are they mostly HCM only, anything bit vertical or by size, just something to maybe help us understand who the adopters of that is. Looks like it's up considerably year-over-year. 
Aneel Bhusri: Why don't we come back to you on that with a more thoughtful answer. Right now I'd characterize it more as early innovators in a new product category. They're all finance -- HR customers but there's quite a few finance customers as well. And what we're seeing is the opportunity to bring in third party operational data to do analysis so health care has been an interesting space for us. They bring in patient data or procedure data to do the analysis with HR and finance data as well. So let us come back to you with a more thoughtful response. I don't think it's a big enough sample set yet to draw any big conclusions. The big conclusion I draw is that it's across industry and across product line so far. So it's what we like it to be. We're not seeing any areas where it's not interesting. 
Samad Samana: Great. Well I appreciate you taking my questions and congrats on an awesome quarter. 
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This will conclude Workday's third quarter earnings call. Thank you again for joining us.

===== 2019 Q2  (2018-09-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Magaro - VP, Investor Relations Aneel Bhusri - CoFounder and Chief Executive Officer Robynne Sisco - Chief Financial Officer Chano Fernandez - EVP, Global Field Operations
Analysts: Kevin Ma - Credit Suisse Justin Furby - William Blair Mark Murphy - J.P. Morgan Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch Brent Bracelin - KeyBanc Capital Alex Zukin - Piper Jaffray Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets Brian Schwartz - Oppenheimer Scott Berg - Needham Pat Walravens - JMP Securities
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Workday's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. And with that, I will hand it over to Mr. Mike Magaro, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Magaro, the floor is yours.
Michael Magaro: Welcome to Workday's second quarter fiscal 2019 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; Robynne Sisco, our Co-President and CFO; and Chano Fernandez, our Co-President. Following Aneel and Robynne's prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after the close of market and is posted on our website, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Also, the customers' page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our third quarter quiet period begins on October 15, 2018. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2018. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you Michael and hello everyone and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to share the details of another strong quarter and Q2 continuing our momentum as a vendor of choice for companies embarking on digital transformation across cloud finance and HR. Our customer satisfaction rate remains among the highest in enterprise cloud software and the success of our customers is an incredibly important part of our enduring business longer term. Let me share some of the highlights from Q2 beginning with HCM. And as of today more than 35% of the Fortune 500 and approximately 50% of the Fortune 50 have selected Workday for core HR. Our continued success amongst the largest companies in the world is a direct reflection of the value we place on live, happy and referenceable customers. In the second quarter some of the new customers we added include Eli Lilly and Company and Bridgestone Americas in North America, Siemens Healthineers in Europe and DBS Bank in our Asia-Pacific region. Notable go lives in Q2 include Humana, Michelin, Samsung and Target. We believe that our global HCM leadership position is once again being reinforced by industry analysts. Gartner published its Magic Quadrant for cloud HCM suites for midmarket and large enterprises on August 15, 2018 and once again positioned Workday as a leader. We also continue to see strong traction in cloud financial management where we had over 60% new customer growth in Q2 and also added another new Fortune 500 customer. We now have over 530 Financial Management customers including 8 in the Fortune 500. In the second quarter Group Foncia, Kemper Corporate Services, and Horizon Healthcare Services are few of the many new customers who selected Workday for core Financial Management. Also and equally important, we had several customers go live in Financial Management in Q2 including Continental Casualty Company and Advantis Healthcare. As we have continued to push into the financials marketplace over the past several years, it's become very apparent that for many companies the first push into the cloud is in the area of financial and operational planning. This market dynamic is the main reason we accelerated our path into planning with the acquisition of Adaptive Insights which closed August 1. With Adaptive Insights we now have the ability to sell best-of-breed planning on a standalone basis or as part of a broad ERP suite. Since the close, Adaptive Insights has been operating as Workday business unit under the brand Adaptive Insights a Workday company. Adaptive Insights CEO and my good friend of 15 years, Tom Bogan is reporting directly to me and has joined the executive committee of Workday. We are thrilled about the combination of Workday and Adaptive Insights which will enable customers to better plan, execute, and analyze across the enterprise all in one system, the leading cloud platform to drive their financial and business transformations. The acquisition increases the power and reach of the combined companies who share a common employee first and customer centric approach to developing enterprise software. Additionally, we have decided that our single planning solution moving forward will be the Adaptive Insights business plan in cloud. This represents a huge opportunity for us to increase the speed to market on our long-term vision of companywide integrated financial workforce and operational planning for all enterprises large and small. With an improved value proposition for the office of the CFO we strongly believe that over time we will drive more sales for financials. We believe having Adaptive Insights as a single planning platform reduces the complexity for both customers and employees. We are committed to unifying Adaptive Insights with Workday not bolting it on. This means the Power of One will stay intact ultimately equipping our customers with access to one source for data, one security model, one user experience and of course one Workday community that enables them to plan, execute, and analyze all in one system. Our investment in broadening our platform and extending our product capabilities is creating many levers to drive enduring long-term growth, while Human Capital Management is our most mature segment and has fueled much of our growth, penetration rates for cloud HCM remain low globally and HCM only represents approximately 25% of our total addressable market long-term. We are in the early days of our journey as a company and remain focused on investing to drive customer success and to help transform the way our customers do business. We look forward to sharing more about our products and market opportunity next month at Workday Rising, our annual customer conference. The financial Analyst Day takes place on October 2, in Las Vegas and we look forward to seeing many of you there. And now over to you, Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks Aneel and good afternoon everyone. As Aneel discussed we continue to see momentum in our business driven by our differentiated technology and unique focus on customer success. In the second quarter we delivered total revenue of $672 million reflecting year-over-year growth of 28%. Our Q2 subscription revenue was $566 million up 30% year-over-year. Our subscription revenue outperformance was driven by net new customer growth as well as a record high for renewals achievement as a percent of the original contract value, a clear benefit of our consistently high levels of customer satisfaction. Our Q2 Professional Services revenue grew 17% to $106 million. Total revenue outside the U.S. was up 48% to $156 million representing a record 23% of total revenue. Subscription revenue backlog was over $5.5 billion growth of 26% year-over-year. Consistent with prior quarters, approximately two thirds of the subscription revenue backlog balance will be recognized over the next two years. Non-GAAP gross margins for the second quarter were down slightly to 74% primarily as a result of a decline in our Professional Services margins. This normal seasonal decline was primarily due to the costs associated with our Annual Global Partner Conference as well as the impact of our annual employee compensation cycle which went into effect at the beginning of Q2. Our non-GAAP operating profit for the second quarter was $68 million an operating margin of 10.1%. This includes the impact of $3 million of expenses related to the Adaptive Insights acquisition which was not contemplated in our previous guidance. Our investment philosophy remains focused on growth and ensuring we deliver the best products to enable our customers to transform the way they do business. We remain early in addressing our long-term opportunity with the majority of our products still in the beginning phases of their growth curves and you should continue to expect that we will reinvest any incremental topline over performance this year. Cash flow from operations was $58 million in Q2 led by stronger than expected collections in our seasonally lowest cash flow quarter. Our trailing 12-month operating cash flow was $512 million, up 36% year-over-year. Our trailing 12-month free cash flow was $338 million also up 36% year-over-year. Note that in calculating our 12-month free cash flow we've excluded $161 million related to our owned real estate projects. Moving to the balance sheet, total unearned revenue at the end of Q2 grew 21% year-over-year to just under $1.5 billion. The current unearned revenue was $1.4 billion in line with our expectations of 25% year-over-year growth. Noncurrent unearned revenue was down 14% year-over-year. During Q2 we completed the settlement of the convertible senior notes that became due in July. The face value of the notes was settled with $350 million in cash. We also issued approximately 1.5 million shares per the terms of the conversion provisions. The shares issued were offset completely by our exercise of the related hedge and as a result the note settlement had no net impact on our share count. Our biggest investment continues to be in our people and in attracting top talent to Workday. During Q2 we successfully added and integrated over 500 net new employees bringing our total workforce at the end of the quarter to over 9100. We continue to execute very well operationally and finished a great first half of the year despite the difficult comps. Now let's turn to guidance. Please note that our guidance incorporates the impact of transaction and integration costs as well as the ongoing operations net of purchase accounting adjustments related to the Adaptive Insights acquisition which closed on August 1. Additionally, given current FX rates our subscription revenue guidance includes a headwind of several million dollars in the second half. For subscription revenue we're raising our full-year estimate to be in the range of $2.341 billion to $2.348 billion or growth of 31%. This guidance includes an estimated contribution of $42 million from Adaptive Insights. We expect our Q3 subscription revenue to be $609 million to $611 million or 31% to 32% growth inclusive of $18 million from Adaptive Insights. We expect Professional Services revenue to be approximately $424 million in fiscal 2019 of which approximately $9 million is from Adaptive Insights. For Q3 we expect services revenue of $112 million with $4 million coming from Adaptive Insights. We now expect our non-GAAP operating margin to be approximately 4% for Q3 and approximately 9% for the full year. This 300 basis point reduction from our previous full-year margin guidance is related solely to the Adaptive Insights acquisition. Approximately $40 million of this headwind comes from one-time transaction and integration costs with the remaining coming from ongoing operations. The GAAP operating margin is expected to be lower than the non-GAAP margin by approximately 31 percentage points in Q3 and 27 percentage points for the full year. Our previous expectations of organic short-term unearned revenue growth in the low 20% for the third and fourth quarters this year is unchanged. Adding in Adaptive Insights however we now expect the growth in short-term unearned revenue could be up to 25% in Q3 and Q4. We expect operating cash flow to be approximately $550 million for the year reflecting the full impact from the Adaptive Insights acquisition. We still expect FY '19 capital spend to be approximately $200 million for our development center project and an additional $200 million for all other CapEx. And finally, I'll close by thanking our amazing customers, partners, and employees for their continued support and hard work, which allowed us to deliver great results for the first half of the year. We are also thrilled to welcome the incredible Adaptive Insights team to Workday and are excited about what we will accomplish together in the second half and beyond. We look forward to seeing many of you Workday Rising in October as we share more insights on our strategic product initiatives and long-term market opportunity. Operator, let's now begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mr. Brad Zelnick from Credit Suisse. Sir, you may ask your question.
Kevin Ma: Hi, this is Kevin Ma on for Brad. Thanks for taking the quarter and congrats on the quarter. Can you give any update on how you are thinking about the go to market strategy with Adaptive and coordinating the sales force with Workday's enterprise reps?
Aneel Bhusri: Sure. So we're going to continue to sell Adaptive as a standalone best-of-breed planning product through the Adaptive sales force which will continue to grow both in their medium enterprise as well as large enterprise business. You'll see them continue to focus on selling planning standalone. If it's inclusive of a larger ERP deal with financials or HR then the Workday reps will take the lead with support from Adaptive and we are figuring out the compensation model just to make sure that everyone is acting in the right mode. It's really important for us to continue to leverage Adaptive's place as a best-of-breed solution and so it will be sold standalone whether or not the customer is a Workday customer.
Kevin Ma: Got it, thank you. And just as a quick followup, can you give any color on how much Adaptive contributed to subscription backlog for the quarter?
Robynne Sisco: Adaptive is not in subscription backlog for the quarter since we closed that transaction the first day of Q3.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Mr. Justin Furby from William Blair. Sir, your line is open.
Justin Furby: Thanks guys, and congrats. And I guess couple of questions for Aneel. Maybe a first one in terms of subscription growth this quarter, it looked like it was more or less stable from Q1 at around 30% and in last few quarters you had some pretty notable deceleration there. So I guess I'm just wondering if you feel like the business is nearing a floor in terms of organic growth over the medium term and what do you think Adaptive does you sort of called out the inorganic pieces, but when you look out over the medium term, what do you think it does to your organic growth in terms of planning and driving that business but also driving financials deal? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes, you know in terms of subscription growth I'd probably defer that question to Robynne, but I think we've been pretty clear all along that the first half of the year had pretty challenging comps from last year and the second half of the year the comps are easier. In terms of Adaptive, what we recognized through the past few years of selling core financials as soon as we introduced planning we had a new entry into the sales cycle. The planning area was viewed currently as a good place to start in the transformation to the cloud and very strategic to the office of the CFO. What we found is that, while we were making traction with our own development efforts, we were two years or three years behind where the market needed us to be. So with Adaptive we very quickly get into the market with a leader defined by Gartner in the Magic Quadrant and those will open more doors for us the broader Financial Management suites. So it's the double bonus of now being viewed as a leader in that space as well as opening up the doors to the larger core Financial Management business and so we're very excited about it. Also the acceleration that we see  the acceleration we see as a big potential for us is in large enterprise that has historically not been a focus of the Adaptive sales organization. They are going to move into large enterprise and of course we have hundreds of large enterprise sales reps that will be able to introduce Adaptive into the large enterprise accounts.
Justin Furby: Okay got it. And then maybe just one more on the HR service delivery market it seems like that is a opportunity and the market is starting to really inflect and I'm just wondering if you guys plan to at some point enter that market directly or if it is really to leverage partners because it seems to me as a pretty big opportunity within your installed base there? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: For the time being it is leveraging partners, but it is definitely one of the areas on our roadmap as we explore new areas of growth.
Justin Furby: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Mark Murphy from J.P. Morgan. Mr. Murphy, you may ask your question.
Mark Murphy: Thank you. I'll add my congrats. So Aneel, I was thinking back here 12 to 18 months ago and you seemed to be entering a pretty unusual period where there were many large enterprise HCM deals and it ended up including Walmart and Target and Dow Chemical and BT and many others and I think you had a single quarter where you closed 13 Fortune 500s and I think it was partly due to some of the competitors products that were being sun-setted or end of life. What are you observing today in terms of the HCM replacement cycle and when do you think is the next point in time where you would expect to see kind of an unusual cluster of the large enterprise deals coming together like that?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, the large enterprise deals are continuing to come and they are coming to Workday and I think we're getting far more than our fair share. I think this past quarter we had eight Fortune 500 accounts that became Workday customers. So it continues to be a very strong market and it's the second quarter which is not typically a Fortune 500 quarter that typically is our fourth quarter. So we don't really see anything changing that dramatically. I think if anything what we're seeing are some of the multinational Fortune 500 accounts not based in the U.S. coming to market and looking for a partner to help them move HR into the cloud and go through their HR transformation. And I'd say most of the international markets are three or four years behind the U.S. and so some of those markets are really beginning to pick up now.
Mark Murphy: Okay thank you, Aneel. As a quick followup for Robynne, I just wanted to ask you what are you observing today in terms of the typical subscription fees that are being generated in financials versus HCM for instance and I mean, if you're comparing like-for-like size of organizations, so if a company has 10,000 employees and you look at the ratio of the subscription fee for financials relative to HCM, what exactly are you observing there and what do you think it would look like in the long run?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, Mark. So the way our list price works is its about a one to one ratio and were seeing very consistent discounting rates across both of those products. And Chano, is there anything you want to add?
Chano Fernandez: That's accurate, that's what were seeing.
Mark Murphy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. Sir, you may ask your question.
Keith Weiss: Hi, thank you, guys and thanks for taking the question and a nice quarter. Similar question to what Mark was asking but on the other side of the business in terms of financials, one of the things that we noted in our recent CIO survey and in a couple of other recent CIO surveys is, ERP refreshes and ERP investment is rising at the CIO priority list. I want to ask you if youre seeing that in your interactions with customers are you seeing financials kind of rise in priority? And then I have a followup.
Aneel Bhusri: Absolutely, and I think the combination of core fin procurement expenses and planning all together we can be an ERP replacement today and it definitely seems to be the next area of focus from IT, it was CRM then HR, IT, and I think its now, I think finance is the next big one to tackle. And one of the reasons why it hasnt, its been clear one of the reasons it hasnt taken off in the past is that the products including ours were just not ready to take over that operations of the truly large multinationals, but from a future function perspective and were confident that they are today and so when they go off do their analysis, they are confident with the fact that, hey Im not actually giving up anything on the functionality side and Im making a huge leap forward on the technology side.
Keith Weiss: Got it. Got it and then the followup question was on sort of the mid market opportunity, any kind of changes that you may put your sort of go to market or the mid market focus with Adaptive, because I know they had a really big new market presence within their customer base. Does that become a new sort of distribution avenue for financials to come into the new market for you guys or with the core financials?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, weve had a very strong run in medium enterprise since about a year and half ago. Chano really created hard and fast lines between large enterprise and medium enterprise all the way through the sales organization, all the way down to the rep level and all the way up to the senior sales executive level. I think that with Adaptive our medium enterprise business lines are very nicely with their medium enterprise business and I think well be able to take their product into our existing installed base medium enterprise accounts and sell into other accounts together. The big benefit though is frankly taking their great product and moving it into the large enterprise market and our 2200 large enterprise customers. That I think we all agree is the biggest opportunity. Is there Chano, do you want to add anything?
Chano Fernandez: No, I think youre right. We had a great financials basically quarter also in the medium enterprise, we commented on the customer growth of 60% year-on-year that was tremendously strong and particularly in that part of the market. Were very excited about with Adaptive expanding the capabilities we have particularly around financial planning and sales operation planning where we have not been playing that much before is being more work force planning. So I think that would be a great offering and we are coordinating on the lining in that mid-market. So we see extended having - and has opportunity there besides the one with large enterprise here in the U.S. and particularly in the rest of the world where the Adaptive coverage is also shorter than basically the footprint we have as a channel there.
Keith Weiss: Super, helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mr. Kash Rangan from Merrill Lynch. You may ask your question.
Kash Rangan: Hi, congratulations on showing the strong sequential billings acceleration, I think you guided to that and you delivered. Im also curious to get your thoughts on how to think about backlog growth rate. Certainly, were seeing more seasonality on the backlog sales, sequentially it did grow but it has grown a little bit faster, so Im just wondering if the business is becoming more seasonal therefore or the weight of backlog performance, is it going to be really shifted towards the second half? And maybe a quick followup, Aneel how do you expect the Adaptive acquisition to catalyze the sales cycles of financials customers and potential prospects and how they are likely to close on the broader geo [ph] opportunity not just the planning aspect? Thank you so much.
Robynne Sisco: So Kash on the backlog we are seeing multiple dynamics there including the seasonality that youve talked about, we also had very difficult comps in first half of last year, so that impacted the backlog revenue growth and we saw some headwinds in Q2 from both duration and FX. As the renewal cycles also can move around that will impact as well. So on a quarter-to-quarter basis, it could vary a little, but we do expect that on the longer term its going to be a good indicator of our growth long-term.
Aneel Bhusri: On the second question Kash, there is no question that we believe planning will accelerate some of the core financial business as well. But I think the most important piece is that much like Workday, Adaptive is very focused on customer success and if they are able to get in the door and win even just the planning business, we will get a shot at the HR business and the finance business down the road. So it just gets us in the door and once we get to the door, we are confident that we will prove ourselves from a customer success perspective and its one of the reasons we were so drawn to Adaptive. They have the same exact focus on employees and the same exact focus on customer success and I think its just going to dramatically open up the market. So you go visit a customer they are not ready to swap out their core accounting system, but they are ready to take on a planning system. Well thats fine. We will get in the door and when they are ready to switch to core accounting, we will be the best positioned both from a product integration perspective and a relationship perspective.
Kash Rangan: Wonderful, thank you so much. All the best.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mr. Brent Bracelin from KeyBanc Capital. Sir, you may ask your question.
Brent Bracelin: Great, thanks for taking the question here. I guess Robynne, I wanted to follow up on subscription backlog kind of growth metrics. If I look at our analysis over last year, it looked like you doubled the number of Fortune 50 customers in year ago. I guess my systemic question is, when do those compares start to ease, is that really kind of the April quarter of next year, just trying to understand if you think about the growth metrics on subscription backlog has decelerated I get the tough compares, it sounds like there is FX as well. But when are we through the bulk of the tough compares there?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, so if you take out the very large deals, were through the bulk of the tough compares right now. So it was really the first half of last year where we had really strong reacceleration of net new ACV and so we do expect net new ACV growth acceleration in the back half of this year as the comps get a little more favorable for us. I think the wildcard here is that large deals of Fortune 500 and the Fortune deals and when those come to market which can make the results lumpy, certainly when they do come to market we really like our odds to win them and weve got great competitive win rates in that space as Aneel talked about, but they are a little hard to predict in terms of timing.
Brent Bracelin: Great, and then Aneel one for you here as we think about eight Fortune 500 wins this quarter, one Fortune 500 cloud financial win, what is the pipeline activity, we continue to hear more around ERP refresh cycles and modernization projects, how is the pipeline on cloud financials in the Fortune 500 look for the second half?
Aneel Bhusri: Chano?
Chano Fernandez: Well, we have a solid pipeline growth for both financials on our international business in the second half. From a mix perspective really the financials continues to grow as a percentage of the mix, although clearly we have given sustained growth in ACA and the mix shift is moving slowly. But there are some large deals there in the second half, its always difficult to predict exactly the timing if those deals are going to happening in Q4 as we have expectations for during Q3 and Q4 or a couple of them may slip one or two quarters right given the timing basically of those discussions. But we had good coverage and healthy pipeline for that financials opportunity in the second half.
Brent Bracelin: Very helpful, that is all I had. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Alex Zukin from Piper Jaffray. Sir, you may ask your question.
Alex Zukin: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question and congrats. Yes maybe just a bigger picture question in terms of the Fortune 500 HCM deals that you expect this year versus next year versus last year not just for you but for the industry as a whole and maybe with the positive economic backdrop and budget cycles, are you seeing in any way an acceleration of that cycle this year and again how should we think about that, the proportion of that activity over the course of this year and next year?
Aneel Bhusri: Its a good question, Im not sure we see an acceleration of activity. I definitely think were through the early adopter segment of companies moving to the cloud. I would hope that we have a shot at getting to 50% of the Fortune 500 and were within distance of that over the next couple of years, if you look at the number that were signing every quarter. I think actually the bigger phenomenon is that these Fortune 500 accounts once they are live are coming back and taking on more modules and we have shared this at past user conferences, we will share it again, but for that first dollar spend on core HR, it can be $2 or $3 more in terms of add-on products whether its payroll or learning or recruiting time now planning. There are so many areas that once we get that customer into production, its so important that we get them into production they come back and buy more. That is probably the biggest phenomenon we have seen as these big companies have gone live there are customer base sellbacks as much stronger than it was maybe two or three years ago.
Alex Zukin: Yes, that is helpful. And then Aneel maybe just another follow up on Adaptive, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that Adaptive will become your planning cloud solution. Im curious can you maybe drill down into what exactly you mean about are you going to rewrite their product on your platform or are you going to standardize on their platform to preserve that power of one, and maybe just drill in a little bit deeper on that and also how long do you kind of expect this process to take before you can really start making the meaningful sales?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I think weve make meaningful sales immediately just selling it. It was a thriving business before Workday and I hope hopefully we can have it do even better. So there are a couple of things into making it our platform. Number one, Workday had its own planning product, Workday Planning that was primarily focused on Workforce Planning. Our original take was that we will continue to build workforce planning and Adaptive would focus on financial and operational planning. As we dug into it and understood the real breadth and power of the Adaptive platform, they are not that far away from Workforce planning. Today it made sense just to say lets put all of our eggs in that one planning basket. So we will be over time sun setting the Workday workforce planning product and moving all those customers to the Adaptive planning platform. In terms of the integration, I will get into trouble with the development team, but I will put a range 12 to 18 months to completely have it unified, but you will see it in steps. The first step will be very tight integration and making sure that the data models are in sync over time user experience and security and I think within 12 to 18 months, you will not be able to tell the difference that one product was built separately. The beauty of it is, is that its not a transactional application. Planning is really built around a modeling engine. Workday did not have a modeling engine in its platform. So that is additive and now were just making sure that the data models, the metadata models, the security model, the user interface are all harmonized and thats something that we have had good experience with in the past.
Alex Zukin: Great, thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne from Evercore ISI. You may ask your question.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much. Aneel, I was wondering if you could just talk about adoption of the Financial Management product by vertical? I know your strategy in the financial management world is a lot more sort of industry focused, so I was just wondering if you could just comment on the industries, you are seeing good adoption or maybe the ones that are sort of either ahead or a little bit behind what you are thinking maybe at the start of this fiscal year? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: We do have a much more industry focused approach to financials, number one because the financial products themselves require more industry capabilities than the HR products do. HR is pretty homogenous across different industries. With financials we started out with E&G, Education and Government, we continue to do very well in that space. Many of the largest universities use Workday Financials as well as Workday HR. That was followed on by healthcare and we continue to land some of the largest healthcare transformations as they move their financials into the cloud. Technology continues to be a strong area for us largely now on the back of 606 and people having to go through the painful change of their RevRec and within Workday that is already built in and easy to use. And then other business services, Professional Services, those have all been good areas for us. Financial services has been strong in pockets. Insurance has been one of our most I guess strongest markets of moving financials to the cloud. Wall Street Banks have been slower, so if I were to say where I would hope we'd see more traction, it would be in Wall Street Banks. Wall Street Banks were also later on the HR side due to the heavy regulation and just the amount of work we have to produce for regulators. So I suspect that in the next year or two, you'll start seeing the big investment banks coming to market with financials for the cloud. I dont know Chano, if I missed any.
Chano Fernandez: I think you covered it pretty greatly. What I would say is when you look at the pipeline particularly on our core financials verticals, they have been there for longer Education & Government and Healthcare, you see that kind of 70% of the deals are kind of ERP deals kind of hovering - having both ACA and financials on the industry component as part of the mix of the pipeline and clearly our win ratios are stronger into the verticals that Aneel mentioned and those services and people focused than outside of our core verticals.
Kirk Materne: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan from RBC Capital Markets. You may ask your question.
Ross MacMillan: Well, thanks so much and my congrats as well. May be two for Robynne. Robynne just the commentary on the tough comps, I think from the HCMs late last year are you exclusively saying that we should look for the backlog growth to reaccelerate in the second half? That's question one. And then question two FX, you mentioned this, but I dont - you said several million, but I just wondered, are we getting to a point now where the international non-U.S. dollar denominated business is getting significantly now such that we should start to think about constant currency versus reported growth, and I wondered if there was any more color on that as you think about the back half. Thanks.
Robynne Sisco: Yes, sure Ross. With regard to the backlog growth and the tough comps, so I wouldnt expect backlog growth re-acceleration because its such a large number $5.5 billion and so the backlog has reached the large numbers there where it would be really hard to reaccelerate growth. So we do expect to see a reacceleration of our net new ACV growth, but that likely wont lead to a reacceleration of backlog growth. We do though expect the seasonal pattern to backlog growth to still hold going forward, so relatively flat Q2 to Q3 and then our more significant uptick in Q4. We still are watching the backlog numbers, still a fairly recent metric for us now that our peers have started to adopt 606 and report this number we're still beginning to evaluate the patterns and think about how we want to look at that and talk about it going forward. With regard to your second question on FX, the FX doesnt always impact us as much as some of our peers because we are functional U.S. dollar currency and most of our entities out of which we sell which means once we contract, enter into a contract then the FX rate gets locked once it's billed and then we actually hedge it going forward. So the real FX impact is on new deals during the quarter and the year whereby we may have gone into the year with an assumption of British Pound deal translating into certain amount of USD and that may fluctuate over time. So not as big of an impact for us as some of the other companies out there but still something we are keeping an eye on.
Ross MacMillan: Great, thanks for the clarification.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Brian Schwartz from Oppenheimer. Sir, you may ask your question.
Brian Schwartz: Yes, hi thanks for taking my question this afternoon. Aneel, I wanted to ask you how you are thinking about capitalizing on the opportunity and operational planning? The reason I ask is that if I recall Adaptive Insights I think about 20% of the users are actually business users and are using it for operational planning. I think you mentioned Adaptive has a modern sales planning product that they just came to market. You are also talking little bit more about ERP here on the call. So I just want to ask you how you're thinking about investing in capitalizing on the operational planning, positioning that Adaptive Insights already has in the market today? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: It was definitely one of the parts of their strategy that was very attractive to us. That was not the Workday planning strategy. Before Adaptive, we were pretty narrowly focused on financial planning and workforce planning. Adaptive had several years ago embarked on sales planning as sales and operational planning as its next push after financial planning. We are only going to accelerate that with more development resources for them and after that theyre going to focus on Workforce planning, so that we can retire our product and who knows after that. There's lots of different directions, it is a really powerful planning platform built around very powerful modeling engine and with their new versions they are able to scale to largest companies in the world. So maybe manufacturing is not and raw materials and part is not something that happened to the next two to three years. But there is no reason it couldnt be part of the Adaptive platform long term.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Scott Berg from Needham. Sir, you may ask your question.
Scott Berg: Hi everyone, congrats on a good question as well. I guess one quick one for you and a quick followup for Robynne. For you Aneel, you had mentioned that Target went live already and knowing when that contract was roughly signed. It seems like your implementation cycles have actually become faster in HR. But can you talk about maybe impacts that youve seen with getting better and improving those process and how it might be speeding up maybe your sales cycles and customers willingness to dive into something like financials.
Aneel Bhusri: Im not sure they have gotten faster. They are definitely more predictable and we've seen Fortune 500, even Fortune 50 companies go live in 12 or 13 months and Target had a great team in place. They really focused on the implementation and got it done in a very quick time. We have seen that in the past with companies like Bank of America, with AstraZeneca. It can be done in that Id say 11 to 13-month timeframe is best-in-class for a Fortune 50 type company. I would say that whats making it more predictable are the tools that were delivering for the implementation side. We've had an ongoing development effort to streamline the inputting of data to streamline the process configuration where many of the functions are now automated. We actually did these things for the medium enterprise to bring down the services cost. But were now able to leverage some of these tools in large enterprise as well. So its definitely a big area for focus. We've got some of our best people working on it based in Dublin to just make implementations faster and simpler.
Scott Berg: Got it, very helpful and then the followup for Robynne. Robynne, you specifically called out improved renewals, I think you said record high renewals. I guess the question is, was that on a gross basis or a net basis, if the gross basis maybe what is driving the improved renewals, I dont know if you can point to anything, if on a net basis what are customers buying more say maybe a year ago?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, so we have been reporting fairly consistently that on a dollar value basis, we have been over 100% right and last quarter was really just a very stellar quarter for renewals. And I'm going to turn over to Chano to comment here in just a minute. But we actually have an increased focus on renewals and trying to sell more into that base and make sure that were maximizing the renewals and that was an organizational shift that Chano affected at the beginning of this year. Do you want to comment on that Chano?
Chano Fernandez: Yes, so our customer base is basically increasing. We make a change in the go to market as some of you have noticed which is putting more focus in terms of our customers for our cross selling and up selling efforts and that seems to be paying off. We look at basically at the pure data from the first half of this year and clearly were just double down the efforts with engagement on those customers making sure that we plan ahead of those renewal cycles properly. So if anything they come as expected or better than expected. That thing has happened particularly in Q2, we are highlighting positively. On top of that clearly we take those opportunities for an increase basically adoption of new products or [indiscernible] use and has come also on board very nicely within Q2. But to answer your question with more door to door [ph] compared to the initial contract in terms of performance.
Scott Berg: Helpful, thank you.
Operator: We will take our final question from Mr. Pat Walravens from JMP Securities. Mr. Ravens, you may ask your question.
Pat Walravens: Great, thank you and I will add my congratulations. I mean as you have geared a little bit, Aneel if you look at the $40 billion CRM market, under what circumstances would it make sense for Workday to offer sales marketing or customer support solutions?
Aneel Bhusri: You know, I have said this really since we started the company. Marc Benioff and Salesforce have been great partners and they have chosen not to enter our space and weve chosen not to enter their space largely because the partnership we have together I think benefits both companies. If that were ever to change then we might reconsider it. But I dont see it changing and they continue to be one of our best partners and its nice having partners where you're not competing, it just changes the relationship. So I dont see that as one of our future growth areas. There are so many other things for us to do. When I look at the world right now 90% of our business comes out of HCM, financials is growing at a nice clip, Prism Analytics relatively new growing at a very nice clip, planning relatively new and then of course the Workday Cloud platform coming to market and is slowly coming to market it is already in limited general availability. But we can already see a lot of demand for that. So we've got enough irons in the fire so to speak that will keep us busy for the next several years without even considering a different category.
Chano Fernandez: Even Aneel you mentioned that HCM only represents 25% of our total addressable market. I mean when you look at the international markets we are in so early stages with that extends over there the opportunity when they are still super significant besides all the other areas and products we just mentioned. So we have no, we see no problem in terms of shortage of market opportunity right now that we need to execute on.
Pat Walravens: Great, thank you.
Operator: We now conclude this call. Thank you for joining us today. Have a great day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-05-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Magaro - VP, Investor Relations Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer Robynne Sisco - Chief Financial Officer Chano Fernandez - EVP, Global Field Operations
Analysts: Justin Furby - William Blair Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets Alex Zukin - Piper Jaffray Brent Bracelin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Adam Holt - MoffettNathanson Kash Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Schwartz - Oppenheimer Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird Brad Reback - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Welcome to Workday's first quarter fiscal year 2019 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session toward the end of the call. And with that, I will hand it over to Mike Magaro, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Mike Magaro: Welcome to Workday first quarter fiscal 2019 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; Robynne Sisco, our Co-President and CFO; and Chano Fernandez, our Co-President. Following Aneel and Robynne's prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after the close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K for information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Also, the customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our second quarter quiet period begins on July 15, 2018. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2018. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Michael. I'd first like to thank everyone for joining our Q1 2019 earnings call. I'm pleased to report that our first quarter of fiscal year 2019 got us off to a great start for the year. We continue to see strong demand across our human capital management and financial management suites of applications and we saw solid performance across customer size, geography and industry. Starting out with the Workday HCM, we had another strong quarter as we continue to lead the market with our true cloud platform. In Q1, we added Inter IKEA Services, [Myer] [ph], Great Lakes, Tyson Shared Services, Unisys Corporation and a Fortune 100 pharmaceutical company among the many new HCM customers in the quarter. Our proven ability to support our customers' large volumes of data and transactions continues to be a big differentiator in our success. We now have over 2,200 customers and our commitment to their success is demonstrated by our industry-leading 98% customer satisfaction rate and referenceability. Notable go-lives in Q1 included 21st Century Fox, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Limited, Ingram Micro and PricewaterhouseCoopers to name a few. Turning to Workday Financial Management, we continue to expand the depth and breadth of our cloud-based finance system. And in combination with Workday Prism Analytics, Workday Benchmarking and Workday Planning, we're delivering a global solution that is essential for empowering business leaders. We saw continued momentum for our suite of applications in Q1 with new Workday financial management customers, including Sprouts Farmers Market, Rivera and Race Truck Petroleum, one of the largest private companies in the US. We believe these wins, when combined with our momentum from fiscal 2018, demonstrate the growing traction of our financial management applications across medium and large companies. In fact, Gartner published its May 2018 Magic Quadrant for cloud core financial management suites for midsize, large and global enterprises. And once again, Gartner acknowledged Workday as a leader for cloud core financial management applications. This year, we are proud of being recognized by Gartner and achieving the furthest overall position for completeness of vision. As always, our key focus is bringing customers live successfully. Among the many go-lives of Q1, I would like to highlight Aon, who became an HCM customer in 2013; and since that time, has added additional products including Workday Financial Management. Aon is now live on financial management in 28 countries, including Australia, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand and the US. Special kudos to their great effort and progress with their global deployments. I'd now like to spend a few minutes talking about innovation. As you know, innovation is a core value and part of our DNA at Workday. First, I'm pleased to share that Forbes recently named Workday number two on its list of the world's 100 most innovative companies. It's an honor to be recognized by Forbes and a testament to our customer-driven innovation. In Q1, I'm pleased to announce that in just three hours we moved all customers to Workday 30. With this release, we expanded our global foundation and industry-specific capabilities of Workday Financial Management and delivered a set of new employee experience features in Workday HCM.  We also delivered against the roadmaps for Workday Prism Analytics by introducing data discovery capabilities. In addition, we introduced the first financials benchmarks and expanded our HR benchmarks through our data-as-a-service offering. We continued to deliver against our unique vision of bringing planning transactions and analytics into one unified cloud system. As we look forward to the rest of fiscal year 2019 and beyond, we will continue our relentless focus on innovation and expect to see continued momentum from our growing family of applications. Switching to the people front, as you all know, we believe a key part of our success continues to be our vibrant company culture, which allows us to maintain high levels of employee satisfaction and greatly helps us attract and retain talent across all levels of the company. And we believe this investment in our people continues to pay off. We're once again recognized globally as one of the best workplaces by Great Place to Work Institute, ranking number one in the UK, number two in Ireland, our largest office outside the US and number three in Germany. A very special thank you to our employees who make these rankings possible. We're very proud that even as we maintain our very fast pace of employee growth around the world, our company culture remained strong. All in all, this quarter was a strong start to our fiscal year. I will now turn it over to Co-President and CFO, Robynne Sisco. Over to you, Robynne.
Robynne Sisco : Thanks, Aneel. And good afternoon, everyone. As Aneel mentioned, we continue to execute well against our long-term market opportunity, differentiating ourselves through our technology and uniquely purposed customer success model. We are very pleased with our first quarter results, delivering total revenue of $619 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 29%. Our subscription revenue was $522 million, up 31%. Subscription revenue outperformance was primarily driven by solid net new ACV growth against a difficult comparison a year ago. Professional Services revenue came in at $96.5 million, representing growth of 20%. We continue to see strong performance outside the US with total revenue up 43% to $139 million, representing 22% of total revenue. Subscription revenue backlog was $5.2 billion, growth of 31%, also against a very difficult comparison period a year ago. Consistent with prior quarters, approximately two-thirds of the subscription revenue backlog balance will be recognized over the next two years. Our non-GAAP operating profit for the first quarter was $81 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 13.1%. The strength reflects strong topline growth, record gross margins and the benefit of overall spend being slightly lower than expected. We did not see any material impact from FX changes within the quarter. We achieved record high cash flow from operations of $184 million in Q1. Our trailing 12-month operating cash flow was also a record high at $470 million, up 28% year-over-year. Our trailing 12-month free cash flow was $310 million, up 24% year-over-year. Note that in calculating our trailing 12-month free cash flow, we have excluded $135 million related to our owned real estate projects as we consider these investments non-recurring in nature. As always, our cash flow results can vary with the timing of customer invoicing as well as seasonal and varying spending patterns. Moving to the balance sheet, total unearned revenue at the end of Q1 grew 18% year-over-year to over $1.4 billion. As expected, current unearned revenue grew 22% to $1.32 billion, which was in line with the low 20s growth we discussed in our Q4 call. The corresponding sequential decline in current unearned revenue from Q4 was the expected result of our compounding seasonality as Q1 continues to represent the smallest portion of our annual net new ACV. Non-current unearned revenue was down 21% year-over-year, consistent with the trend that started last year as we continue to see fewer customers electing to pay more than one year of ACV upfront. We continue to invest in our people and in attracting top talent to Workday. During Q1, we successfully added and integrated approximately 360 net new employees to Workday, bringing our total workforce at the end of the quarter to almost 8,600. Operationally, we executed exceptionally well in the first quarter, delivering overperformance on both the top and bottom line. We're extremely pleased with our results and have gotten off to a great start for fiscal 2019. I'll now turn to guidance. Our focus remains centered on driving strong sustainable growth and we will continue to prioritize both new customer acquisitions and long-term contract economics, which will likely result in continued quarter-to-quarter variability in some of our business metrics, but which will serve us well in the long run. Based on outperformance in Q1, but keeping in mind we still have difficult first half comps from last year, we are raising our fiscal 2019 outlook and providing Q2 guidance as follows. For subscription revenue, we're raising our full-year estimate to be in the range of $2.275 billion to $2.290 billion. We expect our Q2 subscription revenue to be $557 million to $559 million or 28% to 29% growth, with sequential improvement in Q3 and Q4 of approximately 4.5% and 6.5% respectively. Similar to last year, this pattern reflects our increasing seasonal trend towards larger Q4s.  We still expect Professional Services revenue to be approximately $405 million in fiscal 2019 as we continue to prioritize driving the highest levels of customer success above Professional Services revenue expansion. For Q2, we expect services revenue of $104 million. For non-GAAP operating margins, we now estimate Q2 to be in the range of 9% to 10% and we still anticipate 12% margins for the full year as we prioritize continued investment in our growing business over margin outperformance. The sequential decline in non-GAAP operating margin from Q1 reflects typical seasonality and is primarily a result of our annual employee compensation cycle, which took effect at the beginning of Q2. The GAAP operating margin is expected to be lower than the non-GAAP margin by approximately 24 percentage points in each remaining quarter and for the entire fiscal year. We still expect short-term unearned to follow the pattern we laid out on our Q4 call. We also still expect strong operating cash flow growth of 30% for the year. As a reminder, Q2 traditionally generates limited operating cash flows. This is due to the combination of seasonally low collections and the seasonally high sequential increase in expenses resulting from our annual employee compensation cycle mentioned earlier. There is no change to our fiscal 2019 plans for capital expense for our development center project or other CapEx provided on our last call. And finally, I'll close by thanking our amazing customers, partners and employees for their continued support and hard work. We're still in the early stages of executing against our long-term vision as a company, but our progress wouldn't be possible without a shared goal. We're off to a great start and look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. Operator, let's begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Justin Furby with William Blair & Company.
Justin Furby: Thanks for taking my questions. I guess, just two quick ones. Maybe first for Robynne. I think, at the end now, you just reiterated your current deferred guidance, which I think is high 20s for Q2. Can you just remind us why that steps up so much from what you just printed in Q1? And then, I've got a quick follow-up for Aneel.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, Justin. So, we actually said mid-20s for Q2. And the reason it steps up is we do get a slight tailwind in Q2 from some of the contracts that we entered into a few years ago that had step-up payments. So, that's the primary driver there.
Justin Furby: Okay, got it. Thank you. And then, Aneel, it seems like from the guidance you guys are sort of implying a subscription revenue growth at least. If you look at the balance of the year, it's pretty stable from what you just printed in Q1. And I'm just wondering, is that a reflection of financials in some of these emerging products are sort of at a point where they're offsetting any potential slowdown in HCM or what gives you conference around that stabilizing subscription growth? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: I think we have a lot of growth vectors. Financials percent again year-over-year and it continues to be now fairly healthy and becoming a more sizable business. And we've seen good uptake on Prism Analytics and Planning. And I'm very optimistic, probably not for the rest of this year, but I'm very optimistic about the Workday cloud platform going into next year. The demand continues to grow. We're beginning to [doing] [ph] the pricing and packaging. And I suspect it has the ability to just be another booster for us going forward. So, just a lot of fires, a lot of irons in the fire in terms of continued growth. And then, I'd say the last piece is the HCM business continues to be healthy and, in particular, we're doing quite well outside the US where the markets are probably two or three years behind or maybe even five years behind in cloud adoption. So, we're seeing the first wave of big companies moving to the cloud with Workday overseas and there's a lot more opportunity there.
Justin Furby: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. 
Keith Weiss: One clarification question and then one broader question for perhaps Aneel. Did I hear you right, on the call you said that your new ACV did grow in Q1 because it was a step down in terms of billings growth what we saw in Q1 versus what we last year. So, we don't have much visibility into what new ACV looks like, but our back-of-the-envelope math would suggest that's not the case. But you did say new ACV growth grew in Q1. And then, the broader question, just on sort of how machine learning is starting to impact the product portfolio. Are you starting to see people pick up some of that functionality, they're starting to be more of a differentiator or more in use within the product functionality? And how is that impacting, if at all, yet? How people are using the solutions today?
Aneel Bhusri: We've had some machine learning capabilities for now multiple years in areas like retention risk and talent scorecard and customer collections. I'd say the uptake is  I think there's a lot of hype around machine learning. We're providing the technology for our customers to use. They're still getting comfortable with it. The tech vendors are out selling and marketing it, probably ahead of where customers are in terms of using it. But it's picking up and it's definitely a differentiator because I think many customers have plans to use it in the next 12 to 18 months once they get their data and processes in order and a big part of that is getting clean data going forward. In some cases, they're coming off of systems where they don't have clean data. So, it takes a while to up-ramp it.
Robynne Sisco: Keith, on your first question, we did see net new ACV growth over Q1 of last year. So, we're really pleased with the Q1 performance, particularly on a test comparable. If you recall, in Q1 last year, we said we had our strongest net new ACV growth in almost 3 years. So, really difficult comp, but we were still able to beat that for this current year. It's one of the reasons frankly that we wanted to give you guys some color around unearned balances and what we were seeing this year is because we did see, just with existing contracts, a lot of variation. So, we thought that it was important that we share that with you. So, the results that you're seeing are really due to the variation that we knew coming into the year on existing contracts.
Keith Weiss: Thanks. That's super helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC. 
Ross MacMillan: Thanks so much. Maybe one for Robynne. Just to clarify, you'd helped us last quarter with the unearned balance trend through this year. And, I guess, you gave us the view on Q2 after Justin's question. Can you just remind us what we should expect in Q3 and Q4?  And then, Aneel, I just had maybe one for you on international HCM. You made some comments on that. And I was just curious from a competitive standpoint, would love to get your views on how the, call it, two big incumbents stack up internationally. Thanks.
Robynne Sisco: So, Ross, on your unearned question, so what we said last quarter was for Q2 mid-20s current unearned growth, which you should take as 25%. For Q3 and Q4, we said low 20s in current unearned growth, which is about 20% to 22%.
Ross MacMillan: Great.
Aneel Bhusri: Sorry. In terms of international HCM, I think I'll offer up point of view and then ask Chano to jump in. Over the last several years, the competitive win rates have remained pretty consistent and we definitely see more of Oracle in the US. We see Oracle pretty much  they're the competitor we see the most. We see SAP more in Europe than we do in other parts, than we do in the US. And maybe Chano can talk in more detail about what we're seeing competitively.
Chano Fernandez: I think you're right, Aneel. Basically, the opportunity there is fantastic. It's absolutely amazing. And we're very pleased with some of the large new customer that we've been winning into the international markets. Win rates remain very strong. A little bit behind the US, but it's more a question of maturity. Clearly, as Aneel said, the difference is more that the stronger competitor there is potentially the local one because of the higher installed base. And as you know, we're just trying to gain this new business, which is really [updating] [ph] incumbents on the legacies in place. But the most mature markets are in similar win rates as the US ones. And the ones that we are more starting earlier, we're starting with really flagship customers in those markets and a few points behind as part of the maturity in terms of win ratios, but very strong ones.
Ross MacMillan: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Alex Zukin with Piper Jaffray.
Alex Zukin: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe, Robynne, first for you. When you think about your pipeline and the potential seasonality for 2019, does it strike you as any more or less backend loaded than it has been historically? And how should we think about the progression of kind of subscription backlog through the year? And then one  just a quick follow-up for Aneel on the platform opportunity.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah. Alex, so with regard to seasonality, we have seen a trend of more backend loaded years and we don't expect that to be any different this year. It is still early in the year, so we just finished our first quarter. It's our seasonally lowest first quarter. so, we really need to see how the year unfolds, but we do see that trend overall continuing. And then, with regard to backlog, you'll see somewhat similar trends as last year, flat from Q4 to Q1 which is what we predicted and which did occur. A slight uptick in Q2. Q3 will be flattish again. And then, we'll get a big jump in Q4 due to the seasonal high of that quarter. So, fairly consistent with what you saw last year in terms of trending.
Alex Zukin: Great. And then, Aneel, you mentioned some ramping excitement around the platform opportunity, can you maybe talk about what you're seeing from either your partners or existing customers that's driving that enthusiasm?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, as much as we're trying to keep it out of the sales cycle, customers are excited about it. And they want to talk about it. So, we are showing our customers and prospects the evolution of the Workday cloud platform, where it was a year ago and where it is today. And we made tremendous progress. I think where it's getting more exciting is as we're working through the pricing models, and they're going to be very fair to the customers, probably some combination of access fee and then a usage model. You can see how that scales into a nice business over time. I also think that there are good partners in our ecosystem. We've got a great partnership with salesforce. There are some companies within the broader ecosystem that frankly are burning our compute cycles and we have somewhat of a free rider problem. This is not the indirect access issue. They're burning our compute cycles that we're paying for. And with the Workday cloud platform, we will rework some of the partnership dynamics, so at least it's a fair model for us. As a system of record, we have so many different systems hitting our system and we just need to make sure that it's in the best interest of Workday, our customers and our shareholders.
Alex Zukin: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Bracelin with KeyBanc Capital.
Brent Bracelin: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions here. A question really around international financials opportunity. With Aon now being live in 28 countries, wondering if you could talk a little bit about the financials opportunity, pipeline activity internationally, given Aon is now live in those 28 countries.
Aneel Bhusri: Aon was a big milestone for us. To your point, for a complex global financial services company, proving out that Workday is a strong platform. And I think if you talk to the folks at Aon, they're very pleased with both the implementation and now they're experienced post going live. The first wave of larger financial services opportunities, I think, will still be in the US, US-based multinationals, but we are beginning to see the pipeline emerge in markets that are natural markets like the UK, like Australia, like Canada which are more similar to the US. And, over time, you'll see the large multinationals in the rest the world emerge as well, but that's the pattern that we're seeing and I very much expect to continue to see over the next 12 to 18 months. I don't know if you want to add anything, Chano.
Chano Fernandez: No. I think you've commented it all.
Aneel Bhusri: Yeah.
Brent Bracelin: Very helpful. And then, one quick follow-up for Robynne. Financials business growing north of 50% year-over-year again. As you think about the pipeline for the rest of the year, do you think the mix between kind of midmarket and larger financial customers will be similar? Or as you think about growth there or sustainability of growth in financials, what that mix between large and midmarket going to look like here based on the pipeline so far?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. So, we're really pleased with what we're seeing in the pipeline in the large enterprise for financials. The medium enterprise continues to be a great steady run rate business for us. I expect the mix to move around a little bit, given the number of large deals we get in any given quarter. But, in general, I think it will slowly creep up into the large enterprise over time.
Aneel Bhusri: Definitely, on the dollar perspective, on the customer account, that really doesn't  that's not really what drives our model. So, definitely, on the dollar side, you'll see it continue to trend more towards large enterprise.
Brent Bracelin: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Adam Holt with MoffettNathanson.
Adam Holt: Hi. Thanks very much. First a numbers question for Robynne and then I had a product question for Aneel. On the numbers question, I just wanted to dig in a little bit to the seasonality of the business. So, understand that Q1 is a small quarter, seasonally weak quarter, et cetera. You'd think some of that would get picked up year-on-year and the billings and bookings numbers were sub 10% by our calcs. Would you expect triangulating what you said about deferred revenue current and the backlog that bookings will actually accelerate on a year-on-year basis through the year? It looks like they should, but I want to make sure that's right.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah. I mean, definitely, we have a tougher compare in the first half than in the second half. So, we would expect to see that later this year. Having said that, it's early days, so we'll need to see how the year unfolds, but I think you're looking at it in the right way. 
Adam Holt: Thank you. And then, Aneel, we've been hearing some good things about financials in the market  the planning product in the marketplace both with respect to pulling forward the financials business, but also as a standalone. Can you maybe walk us through in a little bit more detail what you're seeing there? Are you seeing more of a Trojan horse strategy around planning plus financials? And are you actually starting to see planning deals outside of the Workday base or are they still largely in the base? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: We won't sell planning standalone, at least not at this point in time. We will sell a subset of financials with planning that would include consolidation and reporting, but really the predominant model is planning either with HR or planning either with financials. And frankly, it's a compelling application in both cases. On the HR side, we've had very significant uptake and interest on the workforce planning side. And on financials, I'd argue planning is the strategic application now for the CFO's office. And it drives the execution system. I'd say the two strategic pieces are planning and the analysis piece with Prism Analytics. And those two together, have definitely created a lot more interest in the Workday financial suite.
Chano Fernandez: [indiscernible], Aneel, in many cases, we're seeing it more and more of them together, which is a great opportunity just for the interest and what our customers are main planning, basically assumptions, but also bringing third-party data from other systems in combination  so, that's basically the enhancing the opportunity going forward as we increase our customer base and the opportunity for selling through within them.
Adam Holt: That's terrific. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Nice top line growth. Aneel, I was curious to see, you have the cohort of customers that signed contracts two to three years back that come up for renewals, what is the prospect for attaching new modules such as Prism Analytics, Planning and Financials look like and how do you  could that have a materially positive effect on the second half of this year or is it still too early to talk about attach rate of new modules on existing contracts? Thank you. That's it for me.
Aneel Bhusri: Okay. I'll take a crack at it and then I'll ask Chano to pipe in as well.  I think just taking a step back, the most important thing to recognize is we now have 2,200 happy customers. And for really the first time, in a concerted way, we're actually looking at selling back to those customers. And the renewal is just one moment in time to sell back. It tends to be a good one to add new modules. But Chano has put in place a strong customer base sales team, so that we're engaged more on those new modules rather than just renewal time anytime that they see an opportunity within an existing customer.
Chano Fernandez: Yeah. I would add that  you've seen that  out of that loyal customer base, we had enjoyed good attach rates and more mature products, like it could be recruiting, payrolls and tracking. We're seeing great growth, very high double-digit growth rates in areas like learning. They have been out there for quite some time now. And we're experiencing the same, but it's more early days in planning  or planning, not so early, and clearly high double-digit growth as well. And as well as in areas like Prism, being a newer product, so we're very excited about the opportunity that lies ahead. Looking a few basically quarters forward, I would expect similar attach rates that we've been enjoying on the other solutions as far as managing to keep the customer focus and satisfaction that we've been doing.
Kash Rangan: Got it. I'll save the other questions next week. See you then. Bye-bye.
Chano Fernandez: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Schwartz with Oppenheimer.
Brian Schwartz: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Quick question for Robynne. Actually two questions. One on the gross margin which hit a rock here. I'm wondering if you still have room for more efficiency gains from these levels. And then, the second question I wanted to just follow up, I think you mentioned in your introductory commentary that you didn't spend all the budget that you're planning for in Q1 and I was wondering if you maybe could just share with us what area of the business that you didn't fully allocate the spend in the quarter.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah. Brian, so where we came up slightly short on our expenses for the quarter was really in the timing of our hirings, so we didn't quite hire to plan. We do plan on catching up. Our focus is on investing back in the business, not on margin expansion. So, it is our goal to actually reinvest any of our top line overperformance and catch up on hiring and other spend.  In terms of gross margin, if you look at subscription gross margin, we think there may be some opportunity there, but we're at pretty high numbers, at the 87, which was our midterm goal. It will be a little lumpy just based on timing of capital spend and other such things, but we will continue to get total gross margin expansion just as the mix continues to shift more toward Subscription versus Professional Services, so we do expect continued efficiencies based on the mix shift for sure.
Brian Schwartz: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much. And apologies for the background noise. But, Aneel, I was curious on the financial side, if there are any verticals that you guys are  I know you guys have a negative targeted approach to a select number of verticals. I was wondering, when you look at your pipeline, some of the enthusiasm from customers, if there any verticals that are standing out to right now and maybe just start there.
Aneel Bhusri: Sure. Not really much of a change. I think anytime we put a vertical focus on selling, we tend to do well usually because we always back it up with product. So, healthcare continues to do well for us. Financial services continues to do well. Our first industry foray was public sector with higher ed and state and local government. We had a series of very nice higher ed wins that we weren't allowed to disclose by name, but they were prominent universities choosing our financials. And then, the last area, technology, I think with changes like 606 and other accounting changes, it just creates an impetus for people to look at changing their system. So, really, it's the world outside of manufacturing and supply chain, the services based economies. They're all at some point going to be upgrading their finance system. And I think we're a good fit for those services-based companies.
Kirk Materne: And if I could just ask quick follow-up, just when you look at the macro environment right now, which seems very healthy, has that changed the thought process at all from CFOs and executives around how fast they might want to move around taking financials to the cloud or is it still sort of methodical approach to it from your point of view and no real change because of how the economy is doing broadly? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: I'd love to say that we're big enough that we can look at the data and see economic trends. And frankly, I just don't think we're there yet. We're still driven by some big wins in a given quarter. I think, frankly, what's driving CFOs is more a focus on operational efficiency first and where the legacy systems are falling down, but, more importantly, now moving towards analysis and prediction as to trying to get ahead of the curve with these faster and faster business cycles. And there are conservative ones, to be sure. And I think they have been more cautious than the HR or the sales worlds, but they are coming around. And I think what people are realizing is that, look, if you're on the legacy system, those systems are not changing. The vendors that sell those legacy systems aren't adding new capabilities there. So, those systems are falling behind. And at some point, you don't have a choice. And I think that's really what's changed the mindset of the CFO. It's now a matter of when, not if. And so, they're looking for the capabilities that would give them business advantage rather than just updating the platform technology wise, and that's why Planning and Prism Analytics have been so powerful for us. I don't really see it as them  that has not come up in any of the sales cycle that has been tied to the economy. Frankly, we did quite well during 2008/2009 because we were viewed as a way to save money. And so, we didn't grow as fast, but we still grew healthy during that economic downturn. So, I'm not sure that we're super tied to macro cycles.  That was a good question.
Operator: We will now take two more questions. Your next question comes from line of Mark Marcon with R.W. Baird.
Mark Marcon: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Basically I have two questions. One would be with regards to financials. Just coming off the last comment that you just made in terms of the CFO attitudes, where would you say we are with regards to kind of the trajectory of financials relative to HCM a few years ago? Do you think we are where we were four or five years ago as it relates to HCM when we're just looking at the trajectory of the financial subscription, particularly with Aon having good success?
Aneel Bhusri: It's hard to unpack it because we're a much larger company now as well. So, we have a much larger sales force. But if I were to guess looking at all the data in terms of adoption rates, I think we're probably five years behind where HR was in terms of adoption and maybe even a year or two later. So, when I go back to five years, five, six years ago, cloud HR amongst large companies was beginning to take off. We had  our first big customer was Flextronics in 2008. By 2011/2012, it was becoming more mainstream. And that's the time we went public in 2012. It feels about that in terms of the number of companies coming to market and the pace of growth of the pipeline, which bodes well. I've been saying about four, five years behind the last couple of years, but the data has moved around quarter to quarter. I think now we've got trendlines that say it's probably five years behind. And maybe slightly further behind outside the US, but it's growing nicely and now it's a consistent business which is a big change in the last couple of years. 
Mark Marcon: And that sounds like it bodes really well in terms of seriousness of some of the proposals that are out there as it relates to the fourth quarter and basically the selling cycle for this year.
Aneel Bhusri: I believe so. It's still early. It's Q1. Q1 on both HCM and financials is really a quarter where you see the big Fortune 500 accounts close. 
Mark Marcon: No, I'm not talking about closing. I'm talking about the serious of discussions in advance of that.
Aneel Bhusri: No. I totally agree with you. The thing is we won't know if they were truly serious until the fourth quarter on some of these big ones. But I think they are. And the way that the pattern of the fourth quarter last year worked, those ended up being serious discussions and we had a wave of big companies join us. And I think, if anything, it's going to be better this year.
Mark Marcon: That's great. And then, just with regards to HCM internationally, can you just talk a little bit about how you size that relative to the US? And if there's anything that we should take into account with regards to differences in terms of margins that we should expect?
Aneel Bhusri: The only data point I have is from our previous life at People Software. PeopleSoft was not as global as SAP in that mid to late 90s timeframe. I think it was 60/40 US versus rest of the world on the HR side. I think it's reasonable to see us at 50-50 at some point in the not-so-distant future on the HR side and we're not anywhere close to that right now. I don't know if, Chano, you want to add anything to that. 
Chano Fernandez: I think you're right on that assumption. That would be my expectation in a few years from now. We're still opening, as you saw, quite significant markets. Like, markets like Italy, we just really enter this year. We clearly have kind of on excess of 300 already multinationals present there, but really going into the market and making investments. We have just done a couple of months ago. So, that tells you that there are still key markets where we are still early. And, clearly, there lies a great opportunity ahead. We're looking in terms of pipeline today and growth and in terms of large basically customers and flagship companies talking to us. It's quite exciting and quite engaging and support a very growth  basically factor going forward.
Mark Marcon: Great, thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Brad Reback with Stifel. 
Brad Reback: Great, thanks very much. I'm not sure if I missed it. Did you guys provide the financial management and the planning customer adds in the quarter?
Robynne Sisco: No, we did not now this time.
Brad Reback: Is that something you can provide?
Robynne Sisco: No. We'll announce when we have significant milestones on that front, but we don't intend provide it at this time.
Brad Reback: Okay. And then, Robynne, on the headcount side, I think you grew about 25%, which is a little faster than any quarter last year. Was that meaningful below plan or just modestly below plan?
Robynne Sisco: It was modestly below plan. We actually came into Q1 with a really good pipeline of candidates, really good momentum on the growth. So, it was slightly below.
Brad Reback: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in today's earnings call. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-02-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Magaro - Workday, Inc. Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc. Robynne D. Sisco - Workday, Inc. Chano Fernandez - Workday, Inc.
Analysts: Mark R. Murphy - JPMorgan Securities LLC Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Kash Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets Brian Schwartz - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Karl E. Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Alex J. Zukin - Piper Jaffray & Co. Philip Winslow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brad Robert Reback - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Vinay Mohan - William Blair & Co. LLC Samad Samana - Stephens, Inc. Adam Holt - MoffettNathanson LLC Mark L. Moerdler - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. And with that, I will hand it over to Mike Magaro, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Michael Magaro - Workday, Inc.: Welcome to Workday's fourth quarter fiscal 2018 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; Robynne Sisco, our Co-President and CFO, and Chano Fernandez, our Co-President. Following Aneel and Robynne's prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after the close of market and is posted on our website, where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations, and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for information on risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workday's performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Also, the Customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our first quarter quiet period begins at the close of business on April 13, 2018. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2017. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon everyone from sunny Florida where we are holding our annual sales kickoff event. Thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to report that Workday had another strong quarter, ending the year with significant momentum across the board. Our success as a company continues to be driven by our forward-thinking customers who expect more from their enterprise applications and continue to choose Workday as their partner for their move to the cloud for finance and HR. We now have over 2,100 customers and our commitment to their success is demonstrated by our 98% customer satisfaction rating, and industry-leading referenceability. On the sales front, our consistent sales execution throughout the year extended into Q4 and enabled us to deliver excellent full year fiscal year 2018 results. In Q4, we saw healthy demand across all product areas and geographies. Starting with HCM, we added nine new Fortune 500 customers, including five in the Fortune 50. A few of the new additions include Home Depot, Banco Santander, General Electric, PNC Bank, Chevron U.S.A. and Telstra. We now have over 175 Fortune 500 customers for our HCM product line, including more than 20 of the Fortune 50. And consistent with past quarters, more than 70% of our HCM customers are now in production. Switching over to our Financial Management applications, Q4 was our best quarter ever for this product line. In the fourth quarter alone, we added 58 new core Financial Management customers, up 45% from last year, including two Fortune 500 customers, one of which is a Fortune 100 company. In addition to the strength of our core Financial Management offering, we also added over 60 planning customers bringing our total number of planning customers to over 250 and our total number of Financial Management customers to over 450. A few of the notable new Financial Management customers include American Family Mutual Insurance and Quicken Loans. Indeed, we continued to see strong signs of increasing digital transformation in the CFO organization and believe that our strong and growing referenceable customer base will be a key driver to our future success. Similar to our HCM product line, Workday continues to deliver on our commitment of getting customers live and successful, with over 60% of our Financial Management customers now in production. As we head into fiscal year 2019, we are confident in the pipeline we have built and the sales execution model we have put in place. As such, we expect fiscal year 2019 to be another strong year of growth. Fiscal year 2019 is also another big investment year for Workday on the product and innovation front. We're doubling down on our focus of customer-driven innovation and are ramping up the investment into our two newest pillars, Workday Prism Analytics and Workday Cloud Platform, both of which are off to a great start. On the Prism Analytics front, we saw over 45 new customers sign up for this new offering in its first quarter of availability. On the Workday Cloud Platform front, significant development progress has been made over the past several quarters. Customer and partner interest in the Workday Cloud Platform continues to grow and we are pleased with the initial results and feedback from our early adopter program. Switching to the people front, a key part of our success continues to be our vibrant company culture, which allows us to maintain high levels of employee satisfaction and greatly helps us attract and retain talent across all levels of the company. To that end, we are proud of our recent recognition as number seven on the list of Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For in the U.S. and number two on Great Place to Work Institute's Best Workplaces in Ireland. Being a great place to work is something that Dave and I have cared about since day one, so it's an honor for Workday to be on these prestigious lists. Staying on the people topic, we also recently announced some leadership changes that further strengthened the company and underscore our belief that much of Workday's ongoing and future success will be fueled by continually identifying leaders from within the company. As we announced earlier this month, Robynne Sisco and Chano Fernandez are stepping into the roles of Co-President and will lead us through our next phase of growth. This move enables Phil Wilmington and Mark Peek to focus on strategic initiatives for us, while also continuing to serve as key members of our senior management team. Phil now serves as Workday Vice Chairman, and Mark has taken on the role of Managing Director, co-head of Workday Ventures alongside Leighanne Levensaler. As we head into fiscal year 2019, I'm optimistic as ever about the future of Workday. On the innovation front, we are delivering against our unique vision of bringing planning, transactions and analytics into one unified cloud system. And with the introduction of Workday Cloud Platform, Workday is being increasingly viewed by our customers as not just an applications company, but as a platform provider too. We continue to invest heavily in our company culture and our value system, and have a great group of employees committed to delivering the highest levels of customer satisfaction to our great customers. Given the backdrop of the continued migration of enterprise systems to the cloud, hopefully you all share my optimism. I'll now turn it over to our CFO and newly minted Co-President, Robynne Sisco. Over to you, Robynne.
Robynne D. Sisco - Workday, Inc.: Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon, everyone. Our fourth quarter capped a very strong year where we continued to demonstrate momentum across our subscription revenue growth drivers. We added a record number of net new customers during the quarter and our high levels of customer satisfaction continued to drive industry-leading renewal rates as well as strong add-on sales to existing customers. Our subscription revenue grew 34% to $490 million for the fourth quarter, and was up 39% to $1.788 billion for the full year. Total revenue was $582 million in Q4, reflecting growth of 33% from last year, and $2.143 billion, or 36% growth, for the full year. In Q4, $441 million of our $490 million of subscription revenue, or 90%, came from the balance sheet, consistent with the Q4 of last year. We continue to see strong quarterly performance outside the U.S., with total revenue up 53% to $131 million, representing a record 22% of total revenue. Subscription revenue backlog was $5.2 billion, growth of 34% against a very difficult comparison period a year ago. Our non-GAAP operating profit for the fourth quarter was $55 million, or 9.5%. For the year, we saw significant leverage in our business, as our non-GAAP operating profit increased to $216 million, or 10.1% of total revenue, up almost 7 percentage points year-over-year. Operating cash flow for fiscal 2018 was $466 million, representing 33% growth from last year. Our free cash flow was also strong, increasing to $324 million in fiscal 2018, 41% year-over-year growth. The operating and free cash flow strength was primarily driven by unusually strong customer collections in our fourth quarter. We successfully added and integrated almost 1,600 net new employees to Workday this year, bringing our total employee count at year-end to over 8,200. Operationally, we continue to execute well against our long-term vision and appreciate the continued support from both our new and existing customers. As we enter fiscal 2019, our strong pipeline gives us confidence in our continued growth story. We see significant opportunity across product segments and geographies, with financial management and business outside the U.S. incrementally becoming a larger portion of the overall mix. Our focus remains centered on driving strong sustainable growth and we will continue to prioritize both new customer acquisitions and long-term contract economics, which will likely result in continued quarter-to-quarter variability in some of our business metrics but will serve us well in the long run. Let me now turn to guidance for fiscal 2019. For the first quarter, we expect subscription revenue to be between $514 million and $516 million, representing 29% year-over-year growth. For the full year, we expect subscription revenue of $2.265 billion to $2.280 billion, representing year-over-year growth of 27% to 28%. Sequentially, we expect quarterly subscription revenue to increase by approximately 6% to 7% throughout the year, with Q2 closer to 7%, and Q4 closer to 6%. On the professional services front, we continue to value and support a growing SI ecosystem. Our partners are seeing robust growth in their Workday practices, and we will continue our tight alignment with them to ensure customers have successful implementations that support the highest levels of customer satisfaction and business value. We are expecting professional services revenue to be approximately $93 million in Q1, and $405 million in fiscal 2019, or growth of 16% and 14%, respectively. Professional services margins will be slightly lower than last year, as we continue to invest in programs to support customer deployments, and to sustain our high levels of customer satisfaction. As we continue to focus on long-term customer economics, contract structures and payment terms, especially with larger customers, are expected to continue to impact unearned revenue trends period to period. As we look at FY 2019, we want to provide some additional color on our expected balance sheet trends, given what we know today. Current unearned revenue growth is expected to fluctuate during the year, with Q1 seasonality resulting in a year-over-year growth rate in the low 20% range. The timing of some large customer invoices in Q2 will improve current unearned revenue growth into the mid 20s, with growth in the second half of the year likely to return to the low 20s. We would expect long-term unearned revenue to continue to decline year-over-year, but expect it will fluctuate period to period based on up-front cash dynamics. We expect more typical seasonal trends in our subscription revenue backlog with little or no sequential growth in Q1. We estimate non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 10% to 11% in Q1, and expect a normal seasonal sequential decline in Q2. We expect our non-GAAP operating margins for the full year to be approximately 12%. This 200-basis-point year-over-year improvement for FY 2019 reflects our continued investment in products and other areas of the business to support our long-term growth aspirations. The GAAP operating margins for the first quarter and full year are expected to be approximately 24 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margin. We expect operating cash flow growth in FY 2019 to be 30%, resulting in an operating cash flow margin of over 22%. Given our recent non-GAAP profit, we are now introducing a non-GAAP tax rate. We have determined this rate by using a three-year non-GAAP outlook and calculating the average expected tax rate over that period, taking into account the impact of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act recently passed into law. The non-GAAP tax rate for FY 2019 is 17%. Our new Pleasanton development center construction project is in full swing and is the focus of our owned real estate investments in fiscal 2019. We expect capital expense for this project to be approximately $200 million in FY 2019. The entire project is on track for completion in early fiscal 2020, and we continue to fund construction from cash on our balance sheet. We expect FY 2019 CapEx, excluding our development center, to also be approximately $200 million. The increase from FY 2018 is driven by datacenter investments, leased facilities expansions, and large furniture purchases as we near occupancy of our development center. With that, let's begin the Q&A process.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan.
Mark R. Murphy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, thank you very much and congrats on a very strong finish to the year. Aneel, you mentioned a Fortune 100 win, I believe, in Financial Management, and I realize that's not the very first singular situation like that, but it seems like it's something that's probably pretty meaningful. Could you share any more details on the deal dynamics there in terms of which general ledger might have been displaced, which vertical, when maybe it would go live, anything else that you think might be interesting?
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: Sure. It's a company that we're not able to name right now. It's a full platform opportunity. I'd say it's best described is in the food business, and its volumes are almost an order of magnitude higher in some areas than anything we've taken on in the past. And that's relative to the Aons and J.B. Hunts of the world, which are already in really high volumes. So, our view is this one really, from a scalability perspective, demonstrates that we can scale to Fortune 100 size companies even in sectors that are not necessarily a target sector for us. This is more of a traditional ERP-oriented company that decided to go with the full platform from Workday. I believe the displaced product is SAP. I'm not sure, but I'm pretty sure that's the case.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Canaccord.
Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey, thanks very much. So, what do you think, what would be, as an outsider, like kind of a reasonable set of milestones that we should expect in terms of kind of your ISV partners that you're building on kind of a more open platform? Because in the end, I think that's a really positive move, because it's going to make your software, like, really sticky. Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: Well, it's a great question, Richard. We're still in the mode of early adopter work with our customers and exploring what they can do with the Workday Cloud Platform. And the takeaway so far is there are lot more use cases and ideas than we had ever expected. By the time that we're together in six months for, or a little bit more than six months for Workday Rising, you'll see a more deliberate step forward on how we're going to open it up with business partners. And that's consistent with what we said at the last Rising; we were going to be in early adopter mode. Basically every one of our big systems integrators is lined up to either want to extend on behalf of customers, or come up with ideas where they would like to build their own intellectual property on top of the Workday Cloud Platform, and right now, my goal is to actually keep expectations both from a bookings perspective and a customers' perspective in check because it's an exciting new move for the company. But just stay tuned for Rising when we open it up more broadly to the broader ecosystem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Congratulations on the quarter. I'm curious to get a little bit more perspective on the sequential growth in the backlog, which was quite impressive. And what, in rank order of descending in terms of priority, were the product sets that contributed to that significant growth in backlog? And I'm also wondering if, at this point in time, the headwind that has affected the calculation of short term deferred revenue due to invoicing durations coming in, are we well past the anniversary so as to expect a more moderate set of comparisons for this particular metric since the invoicing terms had been coming under pressure, but presumably that should go away next year? Just want to clarify these two things. Thanks.
Robynne D. Sisco - Workday, Inc.: Yeah, so Kash, on the backlog, there are really three main factors that drive the incremental backlog number. And that is net new ACV, obviously Q4 being our strongest quarter. You saw a similar trend Q4 last year in the backlog where we got our largest increase quarter-over-quarter in Q4. Additionally, renewals add to that backlog number, so any contract that renews during Q4, that contract value goes into the backlog as well, and Q4 being our historical seasonally high quarter, we've got a lot of renewals that happen in Q4 as well. And then duration, we did see a slight uptick in duration in Q4, but it wasn't a meaningful change from prior quarters. So, those are the big drivers. We expect seasonality in backlog to be very similar in FY 2019, as what you saw in FY 2018, meaning really flat Q4 to Q1, and then some incremental movement in Q2 and Q3, and then another big increase next Q4. So, this represents normal seasonality for us. On the deferred revenue front, as you know, we've continued to structure deals in a manner that best serves the long-term interests of Workday and the customers, and our business isn't linear, and contract structures can vary particularly with the larger ones, which means that we expect both billings and unearned revenue to continue to have variability quarter-to-quarter. So, I don't think we're going to really lap anything that will give us consistency. I still expect it to vary. We did think it would be helpful to give you some color on what we're seeing in current unearned from where we stand today, and the year could unfold in a different manner because it really will depend on some of the new contracts that we do, and how those structures play out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Markets.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks so much. You mentioned that growth from international and from Financial Management are obviously going to be incrementally larger in 2019 than 2018. Is there any way to sort of parse those out? And as a follow-on, I'm curious especially in HCM given the success we've had in the U.S. in the last 12 to 18 months, especially in large Fortune 50 accounts, does the onus begin to shift towards international wins a little bit more as you look forward? Thanks so much.
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: I'd first say that the U.S. market continues to be a very healthy market for HCM. There's still a number of companies that have not made decisions. I think the trend in the parts outside the world, I'm going to turn over to Chano, is that we are both experiencing markets that are later to the cloud, and so we're seeing the early adopters and two, we're opening up new markets. Maybe you want to get into more detail about what you're seeing internationally.
Chano Fernandez - Workday, Inc.: Yeah, we're getting more mature in some of the markets that we're already present and definitely with great customer referenceabilities, opening more opportunity to us, which the thing is executing well on. And as Aneel is saying, we are expanding into new markets, which opens opportunity as well.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets: And Robynne, any comment on financials in international within the backlog mix or any other way to think about that?
Chano Fernandez - Workday, Inc.: If you look at the Q4 data as a point, the representation of financials in international is pretty balanced, meaning that they also contributed well to the growth and to our best ever quarter.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Schwartz with Oppenheimer.
Brian Schwartz - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Aneel, I just wanted to ask you if you could comment on the business linearity in the quarter. You're one of the first companies to report with a January quarter-end. We saw very strong results in the December quarter from the SaaS companies. There was a change with tax reform and the regulatory environment. It seems that the business optimism has ticked up since the start of the year. Maybe hard to parse that given the third month is typically strong in enterprise software, but can you comment at all on the cadence of the business activity and what you saw in the linearity during the quarter? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: Yeah, it's a pretty healthy business environment frankly across the globe right now. And I was interviewed on CNBC during the World Economic Forum. I always get a little nervous when everybody is so optimistic, but I would say right now that there's optimism to be had really across the globe. What's driving Workday though is this focus on really two things: The transformation of the HR function into a people-oriented, leadership-oriented, talent-oriented function, and it's hit the CEO agenda and it's happening across the globe. People realize that we're in a very competitive job environment and their people are their most important asset. And we just have far more proof points of success, not just of deploying cloud systems but actually people getting the benefits of that transformation. And now we're beginning to see that same cycle with the finance organizations. And so I think people are looking at this environment as, hey, business is good. Let's get on with getting ready for the future, and looking at how we're going to be more competitive against their own set of competitors. And it's driving a lot of interest in the products we have. I also think the last piece is that we're seeing the linearity has been strong all year. That's kudos to Chano and his sales team. I don't think the fourth quarter was any different; strong linearity through every quarter. The conversations we're having with companies are much more around the business drivers rather than our quarter-end drivers, and that is a really healthy change for us. And on a previous question, we talked about the  I think Ross had asked about financials. We said we experienced 45% growth in customer count. That's a pretty good proxy for ACV growth, too, just to give you a little more sense as to the growing strength of our financial product line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank.
Karl E. Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Robynne, I wouldn't mind going back to your decision to give us some current DR (00:26:17) guide. I definitely appreciate it and you haven't really given much comment on that metric in a while, and I just wanted to dig a little bit into why you felt comfortable now. Is it that Workday's getting to be sufficient scale, maybe the volatility around payment terms is a little bit less, your visibility into the pipeline is a little bit better? What gave you the comfort maybe to give us a little color where you haven't for a good 12, 18 months?
Robynne D. Sisco - Workday, Inc.: Yeah. Karl, it was really the recognition that even though we're not focused on billings, we know that it's something that all of you have been using to model us for quite some time. And I know it's not an easy thing to let go of. And so given you are still looking at our business that way, we just wanted to give you some color because there is a lot of variability, right. And the historical trends really don't apply, and we expect them to continue to not apply going forward. And so we thought it would be helpful to take some of the noise out of the system to give you guys just a little color into just what we're seeing as we go into the year and what we expect.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI: Thanks very much, and congrats on a nice end to the fiscal year. Aneel, I was wondering could you just talk a little bit about within the financials business where you're seeing some momentum from a vertical perspective. I know this market relative to HCM is a little bit more sold into a vertical. So I was just kind of curious where you might be seeing some nice uptick both in terms of deals signed as well as when you look into your pipeline. Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: I'll offer up a couple comments and then ask Chano to weigh in as well. We have stated strategies around several key industries. The first one was education and government, the second was healthcare, we've been doing more work in financial services, and then I think the last one is technology. And those are really the four places where we saw continued strength with our financial management products in particular. Financial services continues to be a great market for us. The two wins we highlighted, the Family Health Insurance and Quicken Loans are two great names in the financial services area. But when you look at the wins in healthcare, they have been strong as well, and the education and government heritage from five or six years ago continues to be a really strong driver for us. Anything you want to add, Chano?
Chano Fernandez - Workday, Inc.: Those are really the key strong ones. Those are potentially where you see the stronger pipeline. Potentially the only one to add would be hospitality and in some areas business services as well. But the key ones are the ones we highlighted.
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: And I think as Chano laid out those new industries or those additional industries, I think what you should expect from Workday over the next 12 to 18 months is we will become more industry-oriented from our go-to-market messaging, our go-to-market organization, and our products beginning to reflect some of that industry-specific capabilities that our customers want.
Chano Fernandez - Workday, Inc.: If I may add, Aneel, there is also an increased interest in areas like retail where our solution can fit very well for companies that will do their merchandising and logistics on separate systems, which is a very common practice as well. And that's a big, large interesting one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent, guys. Thank you for taking my question, and very nice quarter. I wanted a little big picture about the financials opportunity. In our CIO survey work over the past year, we've seen actually ERP rise in priority. Are you seeing anything from a industry or sort of macro perspective that you think is driving guys more to sort of evaluate how they're doing the financials, how they're doing the ERP that could be in addition to just the product getting better could be helping that overall business?
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: I think there's three things. Number one, the CFO organization tends to be a conservative organization for all the right reasons. They're not going to be the firsters of new technology. I think it's pretty well established now that the cloud is mature technology that works across the biggest companies in the world, and frankly, more secure than the legacy systems. So I think that's number one. The cloud has become mainstream from the CFO perspective. Number two, the finance organizations are trying to transform themselves into being better business partners to the business, and that involves being better at planning and being better at analytics. So our message of planning, analysis, and execution all wrapped into the same system is beginning to really resonate. Where just a new accounting system wasn't enough to drive change, the whole vision that we're able to present gives the CFO and their team a way to really transform the CFO organization. And then I'd say the last thing is the product capabilities that the product as it matures from a global perspective just continues to open up new markets, and people don't look at it as something that's two or three years down the road. Many companies can look at it and say we can make this change right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Berg with Needham.
Michael Magaro - Workday, Inc.: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a really good quarter. I guess my question is, I don't know if it's for Aneel or Chano, but around the implementation efforts for the financials platform with some of the uptick in deals that you've had, are these deals to be implemented by partners or direct? I imagine that Fortune 100 win might be more of a direct type of an implementation, but just wanted to see how you're planning for those over the next year.
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: In the HR world, it's far greater than 80/20 being done by the partners. I think it's probably 85/15 at this point. Financials was 50/50, but it's beginning to also become more partner-centric. On the Fortune 100 account you mentioned, you're absolutely right. We decided to take the lead role, but it's very important for us to continue to get skills into our ecosystem, so we are subbing out work to our partners so that the next financial opportunity that pops up, they could lead it themselves. And that will continue to be our strategy, and I think in two years, we'll be at pretty similar levels on the services component for both HR and financials. Any time we have a newer initiative and we're really trying to prove our customer success, in the case of Prism Analytics right now, we're going to be front and center just to ensure customer satisfaction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Zukin with Piper Jaffray.
Alex J. Zukin - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Investors have really been fixated on these Fortune 500 financials deals for you guys for some time. So maybe, Aneel, do you see these two signings representing any kind of inflection point for Fortune 500 from a pipeline perspective? And is it possible at a high level either for ACV growth in fiscal 2019 or as a percentage of total bookings contribution to get a sense for how you're thinking about your targets for financials or how we should think about them?
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: Yeah. I personally think there's too much focus on the Fortune 500 accounts. Although we are very happy with where we are from fiscal year 2018 and the pipeline for fiscal year 2019 has a lot more of them in there, they're just hard to predict. I think the important trend is that across the board, finance is becoming mainstream in the cloud. And when you look at the medium enterprise, which in many ways is our bread-and-butter business, we have a huge advantage over any competitor in that HR and finance is delivered by one vendor in a unified system. Almost everybody else is cobbling together multiple technologies. And the idea for a medium enterprise company to want to integrate multiple solutions from multiple vendors is just not very practical. They just don't have the skills  well, they have the skills. They don't have the IT scale to do all those integrations. So the idea they can get a lot from one vendor is a really great opportunity for us. And in that medium enterprise, we really stand alone as the only one that can deliver that full unified solution. But on the Fortune 500 accounts, I think we're now beginning to see the movement. It's going to continue to be lumpy. We can't predict when they land, but they're in the pipeline. And now we have some really good proof points. Aon is pretty far along the way to close the books globally for the first time. So that's gone really well. I think a lot of people are looking to see what they do post this next few months. With this Fortune 100 company, it just opens up a new scale of opportunity for us. I think in the traditional Fortune 500, they're all beginning to look at financial systems in the cloud now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow with Wells Fargo.
Philip Winslow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks, guys, for taking my question. The question is sort of to Aneel and Chano. Obviously you mentioned about another large Fortune 100 displacement on the financial side, but if I think about it over the course of this whole fiscal year, there's been a number of large displacements in Financials and HCM. When you look back, call it, over the past 12 months, is there anything that you'd suggest from just a competitive standpoint versus let's say the three kind of legacy players, where either win rates are improving versus those competitors or as you look at the pipeline for this coming fiscal year, where the opportunity set is really starting to diverge and you think that there's sort of a greater opportunity because of some sort of competitive window versus any of these given players?
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: We've said this on past calls. Win rates have been fairly consistent over the last few years. I think what continues to be the case for both HCM and Financials, customer success and proof points really matter, especially in those large Fortune 100 situations, where frankly cost is not the driver. They just cannot afford to have a failed project. It's a huge investment. They usually have a burning platform issue or a major transformation they want to get done. And they call around to the different vendors, customers, and ours are really happy. And a couple of years ago, it was still early enough where it was hard to compare, but now it's very clear that Workday has the happiest customers, and I think that continues to drive success for us. And that's our golden goose. We got to protect it. If I were to say one thing about financials on a competitive side, it really is just two players in the cloud. SAP does not have a cloud financial offering. That's just not our perspective. That is the analysts' perspective. There's nothing to evaluate against. So most of the opportunities for cloud financials come down to us and Oracle. And it's a plenty big market for both of us. And without getting into the commentary that they say or what we would say, I would just say it's a huge market for two vendors and we really like our position right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Reback with Stifel.
Brad Robert Reback - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks very much. Aneel, I think last quarter you said Financial Management ACZ grew at least 50%. Obviously you said 45% a little while ago. Given the big signings, I'm just trying to understand what may have caused that deceleration? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: Honestly I know it's at least 45%. I was asking Robynne. I don't know what the actual number was.
Chano Fernandez - Workday, Inc.: It's not deceleration. It's more than it was last quarter.
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: Yeah.
Chano Fernandez - Workday, Inc.: Aneel said it is a good proxy.
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: I said it was a good proxy in terms of customer count, but it's better than  yeah. Whatever Chano said.
Chano Fernandez - Workday, Inc.: It's not deceleration. It's acceleration.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bahavin Suri with William Blair.
Vinay Mohan - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, this is actually Vinay on for Bahavin. Thanks for taking my questions. And congrats on the quarter. Just wanted to talk about midmarket. I know we haven't touched on that. Could you provide, Aneel, any commentary on what the market was like in Q4 within the midmarket and what that pipeline looks like for fiscal 2019? And then I have a follow-up for Robynne. Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: I would say in the midmarket, less so about Q4 but generally the trend for the year was that our win rates this past year in the medium enterprise were better than they were the previous year. And I think that's due to great sales execution by Doug Robinson and his team in the U.S. Beginning (39:12) to roll out the medium enterprise story in the rest of the world. And Annrai O'Toole and the development folks in Ireland have been coming out with better and better tools to reduce the cost of implementation which we've always said is the biggest driver for our success in the medium enterprise. Software costs are similar, our implementation costs were a bit higher and we're beginning to address that with these implementation tools. So our win rates, I think, historically were in the 50% range in the medium enterprise and they're significantly better in fiscal year 2018.
Vinay Mohan - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful. Robynne, just wanted to follow up on the two large enterprise financial wins. I know you've mentioned talking about focusing on the longer term and looking at contract structures that focus on long-term value. I'm just curious with these two large Fortune 500 wins, I know they're still early, but are they more ramped in nature than maybe some of the strategic HCM wins or any color to help us think through that? Thanks.
Robynne D. Sisco - Workday, Inc.: No, they're actually not unusual in structure at all. They're fairly standard structure deals.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Samad Samana with Stephens, Inc.
Samad Samana - Stephens, Inc.: Hi, thanks for taking my questions, and very, very nice quarter. I guess I wanted to ask on Prism Analytics. It looked like there was a big jump in the sign-up and number of customers now that it's generally available. Is there any particular profile of the adopters that you've seen so far? And maybe color on what they're either replacing it with or are they treating it as an add-on to existing BI implementations? Or is it a replacement? And then, Robynne, maybe if you could just remind us how the pricing model for Prism works? That would be helpful. Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: It's still too early to tell in terms of patterns. The number 45 was a bigger number than I had expected. Whether it's replacement for BI or additional projects, I think it's too early to tell from a 2,100 customer base, what 45 think. What we are seeing are use cases that are very valuable from a customer perspective and in all the cases so far, they're marrying data from other systems with Workday to get to insight that they could not have gotten on their own. The Prism product was built around the Platfora technology that we acquired two years ago. It was rewritten in a pretty broad way to work within the Workday cloud construct and be completely unified with the rest of the platform. It has this great ability to get data in and then to transform it to fit our BI strategy. And so some examples have been for hospitals where they were able to take HR data, finance data, and patient data and better understand the profitability or lack thereof of certain procedures and certain patients. And that's the kind of analysis bringing multiple types of data, and allowing them to do it really quickly and simply that they're not able to do. So I think we're going to see a whole host of use cases around it. My gut tells me many of the use cases are going to be very industry specific. There'll be a set of healthcare use cases, a set of financial services use cases. And they'll be using Workday as that system of record to bring in their core business data, whether it's healthcare data, patient data for a healthcare organization or trading data for a financial services organization, bring it into Prism and then do the rich analytics that they've always wanted to do.
Robynne D. Sisco - Workday, Inc.: And in terms of pricing, Prism pricing is structured largely like most of our other products are, as a percent of HCM, and it runs approximately 40%.
Operator: We will now take two more questions. Your next question comes from the line of Adam Holt with MoffettNathanson.
Adam Holt - MoffettNathanson LLC: Great, thanks. And I'll echo the congratulations. Looks like a really nice end to the year. Well done. I had a question for Aneel and then one for Robynne. Understanding that billings is just one metric to look at, you beat the Street by more than 10% this quarter and it was a real outlier from a growth rate perspective, well above the last couple of quarters, and well above the forward guide. Do you think you're getting to the scale where you're just going to see more back-end loading of the year, or more concentration of the larger deals in Q4? Any thoughts around that? And then a question on cash flow for Robynne.
Robynne D. Sisco - Workday, Inc.: Yeah. So Adam, I do think that what you're seeing here is the compounding seasonality effect, right, that some of our peers have as well. And I don't see that that will change any time soon. And on top of that, you also have the variability of different contract structures, right, which just make it a metric that's very, very difficult to predict. And it becomes less meaningful to really our model and our focus on long-term revenue growth on a subscription basis.
Adam Holt - MoffettNathanson LLC: Got it. And just on cash flow, as we think about cash flow for next year, I know you didn't guide to it, but just to put some parameters around it, it seems like there are a few things that converge in fiscal 2019 that should drive strong cash flow, whether it's the mix of revenue changing, the anniversarying of some of the deal terms. There's a few different things. How should we be thinking about the growth of cash flow relative to either revenue or the soft billings guidance that you gave? Thank you.
Robynne D. Sisco - Workday, Inc.: Yeah, Adam, so I actually did guide cash flow at 30% gross, which will give us cash flow margins in the mid to high 22 percents, right? Which is higher than they've been in the past. And I would expect over the coming years that we'll continue to see strength in cash flow growth and cash flow margins.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research.
Mark L. Moerdler - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my question, and congrats also on the quarter. So changing a little gear a little bit. As you're expanding in general, especially in financials, are you seeing increasing client requirement for local cloud datacenters delivering your functionality in the country that the client specifically is? And how do you expect to plan to be able to meet those requirements? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri - Workday, Inc.: We have been distributed from a datacenter perspective for really for almost our entire history. We have several datacenters in the U.S., several datacenters in Europe. We're opening up two datacenters in Canada through our partnership with AWS. We were a leader and way ahead of the pack in adopting GDPR, and actually working with the EU to be really a progressive company and making sure that the data is protected around the globe. So at this point, we don't really have any concerns. If we do down the road, it's likely that if we have to open up in a specific country, it's likely that we'd use a third-party provider like an Amazon to get there.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in today's earnings call. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2017-11-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Magaro - Vice President, Investor Relations Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer Robynne Sisco - Chief Financial Officer Chano Fernandez - Executive Vice President, Global Field Operations
Analysts: Mark Murphy - JPMorgan Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity Justin Furby - William Blair & Company Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Kash Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Michael Baresich - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Adam Holt - MoffettNathanson Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets John Di Fucci - Jefferies Brad Reback - Stifel Nicolaus Alex Zukin - Piper Jaffray Pat Walravens - JMP Securities Steve Koenig - Wedbush Securities
Operator: Welcome to Workdays Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. And with that, I will hand it over to Mike Magaro, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Mike Magaro: Welcome to Workdays third quarter fiscal 2018 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; Robynne Sisco, our CFO; and Chano Fernandez, our EVP of Global Field Operations. Following Aneel and Robynnes prepared remarks, well take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call, well discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workdays performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for next 90 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Also, the customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our fourth quarter quiet period begins at the close of business on January 15, 2018. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2017. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. Im pleased to report that Workday had another strong quarter. As we highlighted at our Analyst Day in October, we believe we are still in the early stages of the transition to the cloud for HCM and Financial Management applications. And as a company, our focus continues to be on driving innovation and customer satisfaction as we continue to broaden our portfolio of offerings. In Q3, we saw healthy demand across all product areas and geographies. On the HCM front, we added great new customers, including Lowes Corporation, M&T Bank Corporation, Lloyds Bank plc, Software AG and Oshkosh Corporation. Consistent with past quarters, more than 70% of our customers are in production. A few of the notable go-lives included Dell USA, Coca-Cola Company and Cerner Corporation. We also continue to see strong traction for our Financial Management suite of applications. In Q3, we added 37 new Financial Management customers, up over 60% from last year. Some of the new financial customers include Sanford Health, University of Louisiana and Melco Resort Services. In addition to the strength of our core financials offering, we also added another 34 planning customers, bringing our total number of planning customers to over 200. And as importantly, we continue to deliver on our commitment of getting customers live and successful. Some of the key go-lives for the quarter include, Unum Group, Accuride Corporation, and University of Miami. Our momentum and customer success was most recently seen at our Annual User Conference Workday Rising, which took place last month in Chicago. We had more than 8,500 attendees, including almost 5,500 customers, representing over 1,200 organizations. Additionally, we had over 650 prospective customers, representing 270 organizations, our largest prospective customer participation at Workday Rising in the history of the company. At the conference, we also revealed our annual customer satisfaction rating, which came in at 98%. And just two weeks ago, we had a similarly positive User Conference in Barcelona for our European customers and prospects. We continue to believe that our relentless focus on customer success is a unique differentiator in our marketplace and is a major reason for the continued growth of our customer base across the globe. One of the keys to our high customer satisfaction is our continuous innovation cycle, which brings new capabilities to our customers on a frequent basis. During the quarter, we were pleased to introduce Workday 29, highlighted by the general availability of Workday Prism Analytics and Workday Data-as-a-Service. Workday Prism Analytics brings together all of the data and business analytics needed to make critical financial people and business decisions and enables customers incorporate non-Workday data as part of the Workday reports, dashboards and scorecards. Im excited to share that Hitachi, Shelter Insurance and United Technologies Corporation are some early adopters of this leading edge solution. On the Data-as-a-Service front, we introduced our first offering, Workday Benchmarking, which provides key metrics to our customers to help them better understand their companys relative performance in comparison to peers and achieve optimal performance in their respective markets. This solution is offered on an opt-in basis and has the potential to leverage the data across 1,900 global organizations and over 26 million workers. Switching to the people front, a key part of our success continues to be our company culture, which enables us to have very high employee satisfaction scores and greatly helps us to attract new talent across all levels of the company. In the past 12 months, weve had particular focus on bringing in senior talent into a worldwide field operations organization that is led by Chano. Im pleased to report on our newest addition to the senior management team of the company, John Schweitzer. John joined us a few weeks ago as Senior Vice President of Sales and is responsible for sales and field operations for the North America region. John brings strong senior executive sales experience and a reputation for building great teams to Workday and has a strong track record of success at both emerging and large enterprise applications companies. As we look forward to Q4 next year and beyond, we are confident that we are well-positioned for continued growth in all of our markets. As a pure cloud vendor, our technology advantages such as in-memory computing and true multi-tenancy continue to serve us well and enable us to build differentiated solutions for our customers. As a result, we have firmly established ourselves in a leadership position for HCM, where we continue to have an unparalleled combination of product capabilities, technology scalability and customer referenceability and expect to continue to grow our business and market share in this category in the years to come. On the Financial Management front, we are increasingly being viewed by analysts as one of two leaders in the space, as the market begins to transition from on-premise to cloud solutions. The market shift is well underway in the Medium Enterprise segment of the market and is beginning to emerge in the Large Enterprise segment as well. And lastly, in 2017, we have laid the foundation for future growth for many years to come. While our HCM and Financial Management suites will continue to be the primary drivers of growth in the near-term, the introduction of Workday Prism Analytics and Workday Cloud Platform sets the stage for Workday to expand our total addressable market and become a more strategic supplier to our customers, with both initiatives representing billion dollar plus revenue opportunities. With that, I will now turn it over to Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon, everyone. As Aneel mentioned, our third quarter is an exciting time of the year as we host our U.S. Workday Rising Event. Its always great to meet our amazing innovative customers and to be able to speak with new prospects looking to transform their business with Workday. Rising is also when we hosted our Analyst Day and it was great to see so many of our analysts and investors in attendance. We appreciate all the support and interest in our company. Let me start with our results from the third quarter fiscal 2018. We delivered another strong quarter with total revenue of $555 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 34%. Our Q3 subscription revenue was $464 million, up 37%. Our subscription revenue outperformance was driven by net new customer growth, solid add-on sales and high renewal rates with existing customers and a continuation of the improved in-quarter linearity weve seen this year. Our Q3 professional services revenue grew 21% to $92 million. As we highlighted at our recent Analyst Day, were continuing to invest in global expansion, as we believe international markets provide significant future growth opportunities for Workday. In our third quarter, total revenue outside the U.S. was up 48% to $116 million, representing a record 21% of total revenue. Non-GAAP gross margins for the third quarter rose to 74.1%, primarily as a result of the continued mix shift towards subscription revenue. Our non-GAAP operating profit for the third quarter was $50 million and operating margin of 9%. We did not see any material impact from FX changes within the quarter. Our relentless focus on customer success continues to drive our business forward. High customer satisfaction drives strong renewal rates, customer referenceability and add-on sales, which support both long-term growth and profitability. We believe were unique in our customer-centric approach and have a differentiated long-term model as a result. Total unearned revenue at the end of Q3 grew 21% year-over-year to over $1.2 billion. Current unearned revenue, which will be recognized over the next 12 months was over $1.1 billion, representing annual growth of 27%. Consistent with our communication last quarter, non-current unearned revenue was down 18% year-over-year due to fewer customers paying more than one year of subscription fees upfront. The amount of the decline in the quarter was less than we had anticipated as we saw cash upfront trend up a little in Q3. When looking at trends in unearned revenue, both short and long-term, please keep in mind that balances in any given quarter are impacted by increasing seasonality, as well as variability in the timing of renewals, net new opportunities and contractual billing terms. Our subscription revenue backlog, which represents all future revenue from existing customer subscription contracts, both on and off-balance sheet was $4.5 billion, up 3% sequentially and 37% year-over-year. Approximately, two-thirds of the backlog is expected to be recognized within the next two years, with the remaining balance to be recognized thereafter. As I have mentioned before, one of the factors impacting this number is the duration of contracts signed in the quarter. During Q3, we saw a marginal decrease in duration from previous quarters. Duration is generally a product of deal size and customer preference and may vary quarter-to-quarter. In Q3, $421 million of our $464 million of subscription revenue, or 91% came from the balance sheet. This is consistent with Q3 of last year, where 91% also came from the balance sheet. Our biggest investment continues to be in our people and in attracting top talent to Workday. During Q3, we successfully added and integrated 500 net new employees, bringing our total workforce at the end of the quarter to almost 7,900. Cash flow from operations was $144 million in Q3, and our trailing 12-month operating cash flow was $449 million, up 32% year-over-year. Our trailing 12-month free cash flow was $311 million, up 49% year-over-year. During the quarter, we also issued $1.1 billion of 25 basis point coupon convertible senior notes due in 2022, resulting in our ending the quarter with over $3.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. This positions us well to settle our convertible notes previously issued in 2013, continue to invest in long-term growth and maintain financial flexibility for strategic investments and opportunistic M&A. Operationally, we continue to execute exceptionally well as we head into the fourth quarter, our seasonally strongest. The continued strength in our business is allowing us to raise our fiscal 2018 outlook as follows. For subscription revenue, were raising our full-year estimate to be in the range of $1.78 billion to $1.782 billion, or growth of 38%. We expect our Q4 subscription revenue to be $482 million to $484 million, or 31% to 32% growth. As weve mentioned previously, the year-over-year growth in Q4 reflects tough comparisons, as we lap the subscription revenue growth acceleration we experienced in Q4 of last year. We expect professional services revenue to be approximately $352 million in fiscal 2018 and $89 million in Q4. We therefore estimate that total revenue for fiscal 2018 will be $2.132 billion to $2.134 billion, or growth of 35% to 36%, with Q4 total revenue in the range of $571 million to $573 million, or growth of 30%. For non-GAAP operating margins, were expecting approximately 9.5% for the full-year and 7% to 8% for Q4. The GAAP operating margin is expected to be lower than the non-GAAP margin by approximately 23 to 24 percentage points in Q4 and for the entire fiscal year. We are maintaining our operating cash flow guidance of $420 million, but anticipate there might be some upside to that number depending on Q4 linearity, timing of collections and invoicing terms on new contracts. In terms of our fiscal 2018 capital expense for our owned real estate projects, we are forecasting $130 million for the year, down from our previous guidance of $150 million. For all other CapEx, we are maintaining our previous forecast of $160 million. As we discussed at our Analyst Day in October, we remain committed to measured incremental non-GAAP margin improvement with an intermediate term target of 20%, while establishing a new long-term target of 25%. While we are early in our fiscal 2019 planning cycle and still have an important Q4 to close, wed like to provide a preliminary and high-level view of fiscal 2019. We remain confident in our ability to sustain strong long-term revenue growth, given the secular market trends towards cloud adoption and our established leadership position. The strength we have seen in our top line growth today in fiscal 2018 has been driven by three primary factors: first, acceleration of cloud adoption, especially in the large enterprise market; second, continued high customer satisfaction, resulting in strong renewals and up-sell opportunities; and third, improved linearity resulting in more revenue recognized on deals signed with in the year and the quarter. As we plan for next year, we expect to maintain similar linearity to FY eighteen. With that as context, we are currently planning for FY 2019 subscription revenue of approximately $2.25 billion. We continue to expect pronounced seasonality towards Q4 with our Q1 being the seasonally slowest in terms of net new bookings. Wed expect subscription revenue in Q1 of FY 2019 to grow approximately 5% sequential from Q4. We continue to prioritize growth and have made and will continue to make significant investments in product this year and beyond that will limit the pace of margin expansion in FY 2019. With that investment context, we are currently planning for FY 2019 non-GAAP operating margins of 10%. In addition, as we communicated at our Analyst Day, we expect operating cash flow margin to return to historical highs. Ill close by again thanking our amazing customers, partners and employees for their continued support and hard work. We will continue to focus on our customer success, driving continuous innovation and look towards closing out the year with strong momentum. Operator, lets begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Murphy of JPMorgan.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Thank you very much and congratulations on a strong result. So you commented on the linearity, I wanted to ask you, has the linearity of bookings actually continued to improve versus what you saw in the first-half? And would you expect that to continue into Q4 just considering that you had that anomalous air pocket you encountered, I believe in the month of November last year?
Robynne Sisco: Hi, Mark. Yes, weve actually experienced fairly consistent linearity this year significantly improved from last year, but fairly consistent within the first three quarters of this year. And so we do expect that to continue through Q4 of this year and thats baked into our guidance.
Mark Murphy: Okay. And then as a quick follow-up, Aneel, weve noticed outstanding traction with financials in the mid-market and the upper mid-market, I think, a lot of organizations around 3,000 to 5,000 employees. It seems like weve also seen more activity at the 10,000 to 20,000 type of level. So when you look back on it, do you think the typical or median size of the financials customers youre adding today have changed materially versus a year ago?
Aneel Bhusri: Its definitely on average a bigger customer today than it was a year ago and much bigger than a couple years ago. And the ones that we highlighted in our opening remarks were all greater than 10,000 employees to your point. Id say, the other good trend is, I think, well have some good news for you when we report our next quarter with some wins that are above the 20,000 employee size that are more Fortune 500 type accounts. They are beginning to emerge in the pipeline and becoming more predictable, and its more a matter of getting from being selected to actually getting the deals closed.
Mark Murphy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Davis of Canaccord.
Richard Davis: Hey, thanks. So one question, maybe everyones talking about artificial intelligence and machine learning. Im just trying to figure out to what extent do you believe, this is an evolution from kind of in line business intelligence such as Prism and things like that, or is it kind of discontinuous? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: I think, if you have a true multi-tenant cloud architecture like Workday, where every customer is on exactly the same version and the data model is harmonized across every customer, you can then take advantage of all the machine learning and artificial intelligence thats being built, both open source and what were doing and apply those algorithms against the data. So for us, I think, its a natural evolution into this era of intelligent applications. I think, if youre a legacy company, thats different than Workday and youve got on-premise and cloud and single tenant and multi-tenant, I dont know how you harmonize that data and actually leverage the machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities across your customer base. I think, thats  its much harder for those players.
Richard Davis: Got it. Thats super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Justin Furby of William Blair & Co.
Justin Furby: Thanks, guys, and congrats. Maybe I wanted to follow-up on Marks question, Aneel. You mentioned some  it seems like a lot of confidence in some big wins in Q4. Im just curious what drives that confidence . Are those deals that have already closed here through November or they extremely late in the cycle? And then I guess, taking a step back, can you give us a broader sense of what the growth in that business is? It sounds like customers grew 60%, deal sizes are even higher than that. So maybe bookings growth is more than 60%. Just give us a sense for whats going on with that business and what pipeline looks like? Lots of different components of a question, sorry.
Aneel Bhusri: Sure. So Ill start with the last one first. I think, if we look across the year, and of course the Q4 is our biggest quarter, Im going to guess that youll see net new ACV in Financials grow faster than 50%, thats a good guess Robynne, which is considerably faster than what were seeing in HCM, which is still at a very healthy rate. So I think thats a pretty  probably a pretty valuable data point, and were now beginning to get a critical mass of customers and revenue from that base, so that growth rate compounds at  compounds into bigger and bigger numbers. Where the optimism comes from, number one, was a great Q3 in terms of closing 37 new financial customers. Equally positive are all these big companies like Unum and Aon and others going live. Aon is now two-thirds of the way through their implementation and very happy. As these companies go-live, there are additional proof points for bigger and bigger companies to go with Workday, and were seeing that basically being manifested into where we are with several large financial transactions, where weve been selected havent yet closed, but pretty confident that, at least, a few of them will close in this quarter.
Justin Furby: Got it. Thats helpful. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Thank you guys for taking the question. A question for Robynne. In thinking about the invoicing terms , weve been going through a sort of a multi-year trend of you guys invoicing less and less of the deal upfront. To what degree is that still impacting the deferred revenue number, particularly the current deferred revenue number? And should we see that reverse as we head into FY 2019, that sort of headwind to what we calculated as billing starts to sort of turn the other way?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. I mean, as we said for a while, Keith, we continue to structure deals in the best long-term interest of our customers and of Workday. And our business, of course, isnt linear and contractual terms vary, and that makes both billings and unearned revenue challenging metrics to predict and rely on. In addition, our success with add-on sales often results in customers early renewing their existing contracts, which often changes the timing of the billing cycle for those contracts as well. And then uniquely to the unearned revenue side, unearned revenue has actually been negatively impacted this year by our strong linearity, because as we recognize more in-quarter revenue on a contract, we actually exit that contract in the quarter with a lower unearned revenue balance. So as a result of all these dynamics, we continue to expect inconsistency and variability in billings and unearned, short-term and long-term, and thats why we dont really believe either a good indicators of our performance in any given quarter, and they become very, very hard to predict particularly a year out. So we continue to believe that, if we keep focusing on structuring deals that are really long-term focus that the business will naturally continue to grow and be successful and either billings or unearned are metrics that we manage to internally.
Keith Weiss: Got it, got it. And then on the appointment of John Schweitzer, the SVP of Sales, is that a new role for him, or is he replacing someone? Can you talk a little bit more about sort of what was changing in terms of this management?
Aneel Bhusri: We had an open as we transition to a large enterprise and medium enterprise, national organizations in the U.S., one led by Ed LaPerche, the other led by Doug Robinson, Chano and I felt like we needed someone that ran all of North America operations. And just to bring more experience and strength as we continue to scale the business and thats where we brought in John. So it was not a position that had existed before.
Keith Weiss: Got it. So its a new level of sales management on top of both the enterprise and then the commercial?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes.
Keith Weiss: Got it. Excellent. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Kash Rangan of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: Hey, guys, let me add my congratulations and happy holidays in advance. Two things I want to get your perspective on. One is, Aneel, youve talked about net new ACVinFinancials. But can you talk about how net new ACV growth rate trended for the entire company this quarter, especially because youve been telling us not to look at billings growth rate of deferred revenue growth rate as a true indicator of the growth side of the business? And secondly, when you look at Workday today rather two to three years back when some of these larger companies signing multi-year contracts. You have a lot more to go back and renew up-sell just planning analytics, et cetera. So how should we think about the growth curve for the next 12 months? I know, generally software companies grow slower as they get bigger. But youre in a very unique position in that youve got a lot more new product to sell. I might have left out a couple other new products. So how should we think about that in the context of your ability to continue to grow at 30%-plus, if thats still a goal? Thank you so much.
Aneel Bhusri: Im going to defer to Robynne on the ACV question. On the long-term growth, I think, were really well poised for long-term growth. Financials is kicking in. HR continues to be healthy. International operations have really kicked in, as you heard in the opening remarks. These two new drivers of Workday Prism and Workday Cloud Platform, theyre definitely big opportunities for us, but its too early for us to tell. I think, well give you a clearer picture of where we see things both headed into next year after Q4 and then along the way as we begin to get more experience selling in particular Workday Prism Analytics, which is ready to go now. But very new and very different than what weve sold in the past and its still early days for the Cloud Platform. So I continue to see high growth in front us. And  but its hard to be more specific until we get through the end of this year and we get some data points on some of the newer offerings.
Robynne Sisco: And cash on the net new ACVs, we dont disclose net new ACV growth. But if you look back at year Q3 of last year is when we started experiencing acceleration of subscription revenue growth. So weve now lapped that quarter and so were in a period of difficult comparisons. Were very pleased with the net new ACV achievement that we had in Q3. And I think that that really shows up in our revenue beat, as well as our increased guidance for Q4.
Kash Rangan: Wonderful. Thank you very much. Happy holidays.
Operator: Our next question comes from a Karl Keirstead of Deutsche Bank.
Karl Keirstead: Hi, thank you. This one is for Robynne. Robynne, on the Q1 fiscal 2019 guide for 5% sequential growth in subscription revs, thats a little slower than the 7% to 9% youve put up in the last couple of Q1s. And I think off your 4Q guide equates to about $508 million, so up about 27%. So I suppose sort of before we conclude that youre just being conservative in that guidance two quarters out, I just wanted to ask you what maybe are the seasonal factors weighing into that guidance that we should keep in mind? Thank you.
Robynne Sisco: Yes. Thanks, Karl. One of the dynamics that were seeing this coming Q1 that we have not had in the past is that the improved linearity that weve built into and expect for our Q4 business actually increases the revenue recognized on contracts that are signed within Q4. What that means is that, youve got less incremental revenue on those same contracts in Q1, and therefore, it impacts the sequential growth trend. So we dont think its a negative, its just really the shift in linearity thats causing the shift in the sequential change from Q4 to Q1.
Karl Keirstead: Got it. So it sounds like the strength youre seeing in 4Q is just pulling stuff forward a little bit and skewing that sequential growth?
Robynne Sisco: Thats correct, pulling forward within the quarter. Yes.
Karl Keirstead: Yes. Thank you, Robynne.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Winslow of Wells Fargo.
Michael Baresich: Hi, guys, this is actually Michael Baresich on for Phil. Thanks for taking our question. You mentioned youve seen increased movement to the cloud in large enterprise ERP in Financials. Are you seeing any differences in the competitive environment there versus the medium enterprise segment? And what sorts of deals are things like Prism and the Cloud Platform potentially opening up that you may not have seen in the past? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: On the second part, its still too early. I do think Prism is probably the one well get more feedback on sooner, and that definitely strengthens the story around Financials. Its not just a transactional platform, but it becomes both the planning platform with Workday Planning and analytics platform now with Prism Analytics and thats what the office of the CFO was looking for today. So I feel like were going into the market with a complete solution. In the higher end of the market in cloud, if you look at the reports, its pretty much a two-horse race, the other being Oracle. Gartner has the two of us in the Magic Quadrant. The other main competitor is not  doesnt really have a cloud offering yet, so theyre not really even considered. At the  in the medium enterprise or I would say actually probably the low-end of the enterprise, well see NetSuite. So its really just those two. We dont really come across others and the market is plenty big for all of us.
Michael Baresich: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Holt of MoffettNathanson.
Adam Holt: Hi, guys, thank you so much for taking my question. I guess, this is for Aneel, and thank you and good to talk to you again on a call. If we look at the bookings number, it looks like its a little different than we expected. And durations are moving around with you all. But if you look at the business that youre doing, do you feel Aneel that even with durations maybe moving around a little bit, youre actually getting better business with better long-term potential either in terms of the duration or the up-sell potential? And if you were us looking at the business, what do you think at this point is the best thing to look at to measure the strength of the momentum from a customer perspective?
Aneel Bhusri: Ill answer the first part, Ill defer to Robynne on the second. In terms of the kind of business were doing, Chano runs a very tight ship. Were doing very clean healthy business. The big difference is that, were not optimizing for cash upfront and that  and its  it might be surprising, but there are a lot of very big companies that are very concerned about the cash outlays for these projects as opposed to the expense. And frankly, these are AAA credit rating companies focused on cash. I dont really care if we get it a year today, or a year later, or even two years later, given interest rates theres not much were losing for it. If I can get a longer-term contract at better pricing out, well do that every day of the week. I dont know, Chano, if you want to add anything to that in terms of what you see in the marketplace for without the focus on cash.
Chano Fernandez: No, I think its a continuation weve been seeing. And I think definitely we lag the customer referenceability and satisfaction that weve been commenting and thats really helping us out significantly in the market opportunity out there and no particular changes of trends on any of the other dynamics. I think, were more focused on getting healthier discount rates and healthier business. On the long-term, that is good for our customers.
Aneel Bhusri: In terms of whats best to the best guide for how were doing, I still think its subscription revenue growth. There might be some delay in what you see, but thats what we run the business off of. And thats how we project were going to invest in next year. I dont know any other things you want to add, Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Yes. I mean just Adam, I assume that when you talk about bookings, youre talking about calculated bookings off of our backlog number. Keep in mind that the back  subscription backlog number is driven by three primary factors. Theres obviously the net new business that we do in the quarter. Theres also the renewals contracts that we inked in the quarter with the timing of which often varies as an  and can be impacted by early renewals, which is a pretty common occurrence and customers buy additional products from us. And then the third being duration, which I noted tick down slightly this quarter. We dont actually worry about duration. We believe that if we continue to do the right thing by the customer, continue to focus on high-levels of customer satisfaction then well continue to have very high renewal rates. And in the end, the duration of the original contract is not an important factor for us longer-term. I do believe that the backlog number is a meaningful metric. But I think, its more meaningful when you look at it as how it trends over time in any given quarter, given these three variables it can move around. So its not necessarily a direct tie to how weve done in a particular quarter, but it is good for measuring us over a longer period of time.
Adam Holt: Great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Ross MacMillan of RBC Capital Markets.
Ross MacMillan: Yes, thanks a lot. Aneel, Oracle is obviously in the cloud financials market. SAP is moving in that direction with S4/Hana Cloud. Im just curious, do you think the two incumbents sort of pushing this message is a positive or neutral or negative for Workday? And then Robynne, on cash flow from operations margin, next year you said you get back up to your sort of historic high levels. I think, that would get you back to, I believe, it was 22%, but I just wanted to double click on that and make sure thats what you meant, or is it possible that we could actually move about that historic high watermark it on cash flow from operation margin? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: I think, its a big positive when all the vendors in a given marketplace are talking about a shift to the cloud. It creates demand. This is a huge market. Financials market is twice the size of the HR market. As it flips over, theres the  theres a ton of market opportunity for, Id say, for more than one. And I think, were very well-positioned to get our fair share. The biggest thing that were all in this market looking for is the signs that this market is beginning to tip from on-premise to cloud. Yes, so anything that promotes, that is a good thing.
Robynne Sisco: And Ross, on your cash flow question, youre correct that our historical high has been 22%. As I said at the Analyst Day, we believe next year that we can get back to those levels and then over time go beyond. Its still early days for us and looking at next year weve got a huge Q4 in front of us to execute against, which will impact our cash view of next year. So well have better information for you on the next earnings call with regard to cash flow next year.
Ross MacMillan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Di Fucci of Jefferies.
John Di Fucci: Thank you. I think my question is for Robynne. And Robynne, the  all the commentary on the call from both you and Aneel has been positive on the business momentum in the quarter. And frankly, our field checks indicate at least decent momentum this quarter, a good business. But I didnt really hear any answer to Adams question. Is there anything that youd suggest that we consider to gauge the current momentum of the business on a quarterly basis? Like when we look at this, because there are numbers out there that are calculated billings, and we understand how some of the things can move around. But is there anything that we can look at? I mean, looking at backlog, I mean, thats looking at revenue, those are things that we can look at over the long-term health of the business and obviously thats very important, its very important for long-term shareholders. But to sort of gauge the momentum of this particular quarter, do you ever think about, I know, we talked about this, but I dont know maybe you might want to reconsider giving your assessment of new subscription annual contract value. I know you said, it was good this quarter, but maybe, I know, is there any  is there anything youd suggest we look at sorry?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, John, I would just point back to Aneels earlier comment about subscription revenue growth. And I really do believe that thats the best metric. And what you can use this quarter would be the overperformance that we had in Q3 on subscription revenue, as well as the increase in our guide, which  a lot of which is driven off of the net new business that we did in Q3, which will impact full quarter next year. Thats the metric we managed to, and I think its the best indicator on a quarterly basis to gauge how we did.
John Di Fucci: But you also said that over 90% of the subscription revenue in this quarter came in off the balance sheet. And you also said, youre seeing more linearity, which means youre seeing more revenue being recognized in the quarter. So that just doesnt seem to me that it doesnt necessarily seem to be a great gauge for this quarter. Again, weve heard things are good for you guys. So Im just trying to reconcile that with the numbers, thats all.
Robynne Sisco: Yes, I think if you take that information and marry it with some of the commentary that Aneel had in his prepared remarks around your customer growth, around some of new customer logo wins, I think that all of those paint a picture of a highly successful quarter.
John Di Fucci: Okay. Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brad Reback of Stifel.
Brad Reback: Great. Thanks so much. Just a quick question as it relates to 4Q. Do you have any really significant renewals up for signing?
Robynne Sisco: Every Q4, weve got a lot of renewals, because thats our historically highest quarter. And so as the renewals stack up year-on-year, Q4 becomes our largest renewal quarter in general as well. As I mentioned before, we can have renewals move to different quarters if customers early renew. But Q4 is a big renewal quarter for us, and we have great renewal history and we expect to continue that solid renewal history in Q4 as well.
Brad Reback: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alex Zukin of Piper Jaffray.
Alex Zukin: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. I apologize for the background noise. I wanted to ask just one clear  one on the subscription backlog number. Is there any way if you adjust for duration and normalize? Is there anyway to maybe just talk about the growth rate at a high-level? And then one for Aneel. If you think about the financials customers that youre talking about timing for the fourth quarter, were any of them  those customers initially starting off as planning, or they net new obviously maybe existing HCM customers as well?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, look, on the backlog, obviously, the three factors that I talked about before; renewals, bookings, net new bookings and duration all play a factor in that number and interplay. Were not going to be disclosing the  those three components. So I do think that its a meaningful metric to gauge how were doing longer-term. But its going to be difficult for you to actually pull that apart into those three pieces. But the reason that I mentioned the down tick in duration was just to give you guys some color around why the increase in the backlog number maybe was not as high as it had been in Q3 last year.
Aneel Bhusri: In terms of the large finance opportunities in Q4, the ones that Im aware of, theyre actually full platform opportunities and  but Financials is actually the driver in both cases. And Chano, anything else to add? And I dont think, its a broad enough set to say that thats a leading indicator for what theyre going to look like over the next 12 months. Its just happens to be the two in front of us right now are full platform across HCM and Financials.
Chano Fernandez: Youre right on that one. I mean, I would say the main difference you have, the medium enterprises more becoming ERP adoption as a whole starting point and potentially large customer when theyre really large they either take first teens or HR, one of the other because of the complexity of the project is just larger right, but there are some taking I think at the same time as well.
Alex Zukin: Got it. And then Robynne, maybe just one quick follow-up on the duration question and I apologize if this has been asked. But can you talk about maybe why that ticks down, this quarter was  is there anything you guys are doing to drive that, or is that just anymore clarity would be helpful?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. So thats not something that we actively manage or focus on. We believe the duration of the original contract if we can continue to achieve strong renewals isnt an important measure of the business. Duration of a contract is usually driven by the customer, its almost always driven by the customer and what contract term theyre comfortable with. Often the larger deals have longer-term contracts and Q3 historically is a quarter with fewer large deals than other quarters. And thats been true for many, many years, but it also just comes down to customer preference. And then as we have success in add-on business, a lot of customers when they add a new product or new products to their contract, they co-term that with the original contracts. The duration of that new business is actually can be fairly short. So thats a factor as well. So lots of things that impact it and not something that we focus on or think is important in the long-term, although it will impact the backlog number.
Operator: At this time we will now take two more questions. Our next question comes from Pat Walravens of JMP Securities.
Pat Walravens: Oh, great. Thank you. Im going to change directions a little bit, if thats okay. Aneel, one for you to start, which was, I saw you speak like a month ago and you talked about this idea of being a multigenerational company, which I thought was new and interesting. What did you mean by that and how do you do it? And then Ill just put the second out now. Robynne, Id love to know any impact you can share with us in terms of impact on Workday as tax reform passes?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, so the  I think that was at the event down in Half Moon Bay. Its really about two things. One, transcending technology trends and being multi-general across technology trends and not being a vendor that only exists because of one particular trend. And then the second piece is our view on succession at Workday and the longevity of both the opportunity in the company that we can build over time. And so, when Dave and I looked back at our previous company and think about what we want to do differently at Workday, one of the things we set out to do was to build a management team that would that we could pass on from generation to generation and weve done some of that. If you look at the management team currently running big parts of our business, they were not running it five years ago, Chano or Robynne is two examples. And so setting up a pattern of doing that on a consistent basis sets us up for the long-term and for multiple generations of management for this company over time.
Robynne Sisco: And Pat, on your tax reform question, we dont expect tax reform to have an impact on us for quite sometime. We have over $1 billion worth of net operating losses that we can burn going forward. We continue to generate taxable losses based on our GAAP income statement. So we will have a  some slight balance sheet adjustments as we revalue our tax assets and tax liabilities, but it wont  we continue to be in a position where we wont be a cash tax payer for many years to come.
Pat Walravens: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from Steve Koenig of Wedbush Securities.
Steve Koenig: Thank you very much to squeeze me in, I appreciate it. So just one question here and by the way, congrats on a good quarter. Maybe a little bit of historical perspective from the recent past that might help us think a little bit about the future here. As we compare last year to this year, we did see in our text a fair bit of hesitance in the first three quarters of last year, maybe in North America and the U.S, maybe related somewhat to the election. It seems like enterprise buyers start to open up a little bit more in December. You had commented in November about some weakness there around the time of the election. And then it seems like in December and January, it is really off to the races for Workday and for other companies as well. And its been a good year in the enterprise market and certainly for Workday, no question about that, it looks like a much better year. So you spoke, Robynne, about cloud adoption. Is that the only factor? Are there other factors driving Workday this year versus last year? And then as you think about next year and youve given us some initial forecast, and thats helpful. Is there any chance that buyers might catch up with kind of pent-up demand that they werent doing projects as much last year and theyve now caught up, or do you see just a reservoir of projects that are going to continue to support the kind of demand environment youve been seeing this year?
Aneel Bhusri: So I would say that what a difference a year makes. This has been a very strong year. We did definitely have softness in the first three quarters of last year and weve not seen that this year. Weve seen, I mean, going into Q4 of this year, its the best position weve been going into Q4 for several years actually not just compared to last year. Its a pretty consistent demand environment. The pipeline continues to grow at a healthy clip, so its well positioned, it positions us well for next year. Id say the two things that are in our sales execution, I think, actually has improved in the last 12-months. Our win rates are consistently high. Id say, if theres anything that really is continuing to drive, the success is becoming clearer and clearer over time, its our customer satisfaction. When you get to the  especially when you get to the large companies, in many cases, were the only proven solution at  if you have 50,000 or 100,000 employees, theres  you look at all the proof points of successful customers, theyre almost always Workday customers. And its creating somewhat of a network effect, where customers are talking to other customers, hey, if youre going to go down this path and you want to have a successful project and no one wants to have a unsuccessful project, Workday is the safe choice. And I think thats bearing out more this year than it did last year and kudos to the product organization and the services organization, our QA organization, our support organization for keeping these customers happy and for having products that truly scale. But this last quarter, Coca-Cola, just another example of a very large company whos going  who went into production and very happy and happy customers get you more happy customers.
Steve Koenig: All right. Very good. Well, thank you, Aneel. I appreciate it. Congrats, again.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, everybody.
Operator: We, thank you for your participation in todays earnings call. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2017-08-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Magaro - VP, Investor Relations Aneel Bhusri - Chief Executive Officer Robynne Sisco - Chief Financial Officer Chano Fernandez - EVP, Global Field Operations
Analysts: Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity Justin Furby - William Blair & Company Kash Rangan - Bank of America Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank John DiFucci - Jefferies Alex Zukin - Piper Jaffray Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Mark Murphy - JPMorgan Sanjit Singh - Morgan Stanley Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Brad Reback - Stifel Nicolaus Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI
Operator: Welcome to Workdays Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand it over to Mike Magaro, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Mike Magaro: Welcome to Workdays second quarter fiscal 2018 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; Robynne Sisco, our CFO; and Chano Fernandez, our EVP of Global Field Operations. Following Aneel and Robynnes prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after the close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-K for information on risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workdays performance. These non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Also the customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our third quarter quiet period begins at the close of business on October 13, 2017. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2017. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Hello, everyone and thank you for joining us. Today, I am pleased to share details of a very strong Q2. For the fourth consecutive quarter, we have experienced subscription revenue growth of more than 40%. We continue to attract new customers and many of our current customers continue to grow their investments with us. Our customer satisfaction rate remains among the highest in the enterprise cloud and the success of our customers is a hugely important part of our long-term business strategy. Our second quarter results reflect continued progress in executing along our journey as a leading provider of enterprise cloud applications for finance and HR. Let me share some of the highlights from Q2 beginning with our HCM suite of applications. Momentum for our human capital management suite remains strong as many organizations continue their transition to the cloud. Our win rate in the large enterprise segment was notably high and was strengthened by our existing customer list, which includes a who is who of the worlds largest companies. Indeed, as of today, more than 30% of the Fortune 500 have selected Workday for core HR. Of those companies, 17 are in the Fortune 50. In the second quarter alone, we were selected by Citigroup Management Corporation, Nordstrom, Qualcomm and Humana. We are also thrilled to announce that Siemens, the manufacturing giant base in Munich, Germany is replacing their current HR system with Workday human capital management. While Siemens now represents our largest customer headquartered outside of North America, its just one of many new internationally based customers that joined Workday in the quarter. Today, we are also welcoming Shell in Europe and Johnson Electric Holdings in our Asia-Pacific Japan region as new customers. I personally have the chance to spend a week in Japan over the summer visiting with our employees, customers and partners and came away bullish about the prospects of our Japanese efforts and the revitalized Japanese economy. Of course, much of our new sales success can be traced back to our unrelenting focus on customer satisfaction. In Q2, we saw many of our customers go into production, including FedEx and Kohls. And as of today, over 70% of our HCM customers are live on Workday. We believe our global HCM leadership position is also being reinforced by industry analysts. Gartner published its Magic Quadrant for Cloud HCM Suites for Midmarket and Large Enterprises on August 15 and positioned Workday as a leader. Also in the past two weeks, Forrester released a report on its views of the HRMS industry. In the Forrester Wave Report on SaaS human resource management systems Workday human capital management is also ranked leader. We are proud of our placement in these reports as the global market opportunity remains significant and we believe we are still in the early innings of cloud HCM adoption. Turning to our cloud financial management and planning applications, we had another strong quarter of growth and industry recognition. While the shift to the cloud is still in the early days for finance, we continue to see a growing number of signals that suggest that the finance market is beginning to turn to the cloud much like CRM and HCM have in the past. One of those signals was the publishing by Gartner of the first-ever Magic Quadrant for Cloud Core Financial Management Suites for Midsize, Large and Global Enterprises. In this report that came out on June 19, Workday was positioned by Gartner in the Leaders quadrant and was recognized as the leader based on its ability to execute and completeness of vision. These signals are also leading to momentum in our pipeline as companies large and small look to transform the way they run their business with Workday financial management and planning applications. In the second quarter Ohio Health Corporation, The Childrens Hospital of Philadelphia, Giant Tiger Stores and Carlyle selected Workday for core financial management. And we have several customers go live on financial management including Dennys, Yale University, Panera and Christiana Care Health. In addition, Workday planning continues to be a popular add-on for customers looking to do financial and workforce planning and more than 170 customers have selected us for this application including Qualcomm and Bank of America. Since we last met, we made two important product announcements that I would like to highlight. First, we announced fixed fee preconfigured application packages for U.S. based medium enterprises delivered by Workday services and our deployment partners. Companies in this space need predictable deployment timeframes and fast time to value and that is exactly what we are delivering. Our packages are based on the success of several hundreds of deployments in the medium enterprise market. And we believe this approach will increase our already attractive offerings especially where companies prefer single business partner for finance payroll and human resources. We intend to deliver these packages more broadly to companies outside the U.S. in the near future. At our Altitude Conference this past July, we also announced our intention to enter the platform-as-a-service market by opening the Workday cloud platform to our customers, partners, independent software vendors and developers. This community will soon be able to build unique extensions and applications that can significantly enhance what organizations are able to accomplish with Workday. We hosted two hackathons events over the past several months and the early returns from these events have reinforced our view as to the attractiveness of this new offering to the Workday ecosystem of customers and partners. As some of you know I have long been fond of comparing Workday strategy to the process of sending a rocket to the moon. Workday HCM was our first booster rocket that launched the company. International expansion was the second. Financial management was the third stage and the combination of planning and Workday Prism Analytics was the fourth and most recent step in our journey. Opening up the Workday cloud platform and entering the PaaS market will be number five. We believe strongly that our platform-as-a-service initiative is a major step forward for Workday as we continue to innovate and bring increasing value to our customers. I hope many of you will be able to join us at Workday Rising, our annual customer conference which is just around the corner. We will be covering all of our offerings in greater detail including Workday cloud platform and Workday Prism Analytics. The Financial Analyst Day takes place on October 10 in Chicago and you are welcome to join to network with our customers and to hear more about our innovative current and new offerings and now over Robynne?
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Aneel and good afternoon, everyone. As Aneel discussed, we continued to see strong momentum in our business driven by our differentiated technology and uniquely purposed customer success model and are very pleased with our second quarter results. We delivered total revenue of $525 million in Q2 reflecting year-over-year growth of 41%. Our Q2 subscription revenue was $435 million, up 42%. Our subscription revenue out-performance was driven by strong net new customer growth and continued high levels of customer satisfaction which once again resulted in renewing customers increasing annual value of their contracts. Our Q2 professional services revenue grew 34% to $91 million. We continue to see robust growth globally with total revenues outside the U.S. up 59% to $106 million representing 20% of total revenue. We are pleased that our continued investment in global expansion on both the product and sales front is yielding significant results. Non-GAAP gross margins for the second quarter were down slightly to 73% primarily as a result of a decline in our professional services margin. This normal seasonal decline was due to the cost associated with our annual Altitude Partner conference as well as the impact of our annual employee compensation cycle, which went into effect at the beginning of Q2. Our non-GAAP operating profit for the second quarter was $49 million and operating margin of 9.3%. We continue to invest back into our business to drive long-term growth and expect gross and operating margins will continue to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter based on seasonality as well as the timing of our investments. We did not see any material impact from FX changes within the quarter. Moving to the balance sheet, total unearned revenue at the end of Q2 grew 26% year-over-year to $1.2 billion. Current unearned revenue, which will be recognized over the next 12 months, was $1.1 billion representing strong annual growth of 32%. Non-current unearned revenue was down 15% year-over-year. As we mentioned last quarter, we are seeing fewer customers electing to pay more than one year of subscription fees upfront, which has resulted in a decreasing long-term unearned balance. Our subscription revenue backlog was $4.4 billion, up 10% sequentially with two-thirds expected to be recognized within the next 2 years and the remaining balance to be recognized thereafter. Although we dont disclose the duration of net new contracts in the period, we didnt see any material change from the first quarter. Consistent with our other new disclosure from last quarter in Q2, $398 million of our $435 million of subscription revenue or 91% came from the balance sheet. This compares to Q2 of last year where $282 million of our $306 million of subscription revenue or 92% came from the balance sheet. Our biggest investment continues to be in our people and in attracting top talent to Workday. During Q2, we successfully added and integrated almost 500 net new employees bringing our total workforce at the end of the quarter to almost 7,400. Cash flow from operations was $15 million in Q2 led by stronger than expected collections in our seasonally lowest cash flow quarter. Our trailing 12-month operating cash flow was $376 million, up 17% year-over-year. Our trailing 12-month free cash flow was $248 million, up 38% year-over-year. Note that in calculating our 12-month free cash flow, we have excluded $134 million related to our owned real estate projects. Operationally, we continue to execute exceptionally well and finished a very strong first half of the year. Based on these great results, we are raising our fiscal 2018 outlook and providing Q3 guidance as follows. For subscription revenue, we are raising our full year estimate to be in the range of $1.75 billion to $1.757 billion or growth of 36%. We expect our Q3 subscription revenue to be $450 million to $452 million or 33% to 34% growth. We therefore expect our fourth quarter subscription revenue to be $466 million to $471 million or growth of 27% to 28%. Please keep in mind that these second half growth rates reflect more difficult comps from last year, particularly in Q4. We expect professional services revenue to be approximately $343 million in fiscal 2018 and $88 million in Q3. We therefore estimate that total revenue for fiscal 2018 will be $2.093 billion to $2.1 billion or growth of 33% with Q3 total revenue in the range of $538 million to $540 million or growth of 30% to 31%. For non-GAAP operating margins, we are expecting approximately 8% for the full year. We expect non-GAAP operating margins to decline quarter-over-quarter in Q3 to approximately 5% to 6% primarily due to continued headcount growth and seasonal marketing spend including Workday Rising in October. The GAAP operating margin is expected to be lower than the non-GAAP margins by approximately 24 percentage points to 25 percentage points in each remaining quarter and for the entire fiscal year. The strength in our top line growth is allowing us to maintain our operating cash flow guidance of $420 million or 20% growth despite the negative cash impact we are seeing from fewer customers paying more than 1 year of subscription fees upfront. In terms of our fiscal 2018 plans for capital expense for our owned real estate projects we are lowering our forecast from $175 million to $150 million due to changes in the timing of project expenditures. For our other CapEx, we are maintaining our previous forecast of $160 million. And finally, I will close by thanking our amazing customers, partners and employees for their continued support and hard work. We had a great first half of the year and we will continue to focus on our customer success. We look forward to seeing many of you at Workday Rising in October as we share more insights on our strategic product initiatives and long-term market opportunity. Operator, lets begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Canaccord Genuity.
Richard Davis: Hi. Thanks very much. So Aneel you called out kind of good customer satisfaction, but you and I both know that a majority of these digital transformations fail in the eyes of the customer, what are you guys doing better than other people, I mean you have to be doing something because I am old enough remember 80% of Siebel deployments failing? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I think first of all we build these products to be figured and implemented quickly. And secondly, we have a ton of experience getting customers live. We have 1,800 customers, 70 are in production and we just keep refining our implementation approach. We are able to layer in the best practices that we learned from all of our customers into the products. So if you are starting now, you start with a great set of best practices. And then I think we are really focused on time to value and we see really big Fortune 500 companies going into production in 12 months to 13 months. And I think if you have that focus and many of these companies do, Bank of America recent example of really rapid implementation. They see value quickly and also I think you avoid the scope of any implementation projects. At then it goes without saying it all comes back to a great product built by our developers and a great services organization thats committed to customer success.
Richard Davis: Got it. And then just a real quick follow-up, are you guys  are you prepared for that European regulation, the GDPR, are you all set for that?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes.
Richard Davis: Yes, okay, good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Furby with William Blair & Company.
Justin Furby: Yes. Thanks guys for taking my questions and thank you for the stunning quarter. Maybe first for Aneel, it seem like the last three quarters have been packed with Fortune 500 activity and I guess I am wondering what you think the remaining opportunity is out there on the HR side, what the pipeline looks like for the second half and just longer term, the opportunity is there and then I have got a follow-up? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. I mentioned in my  both in the press release and in my comments, we are now over 30% of the Fortune 500. Our best guess is 50% of the Fortune 500 has not made a decision yet. Its our best guess, I am sure data has got some inaccuracies, but directionally I think thats about right. So probably half the market hasnt made a decision, tons of market in front of us and those kinds of opportunities continue to show up in the pipeline. And again success begets success in terms of customer deployments and having happy customers. And I do think that we are beginning to see a network effect of the large Fortune 500 companies talking to each other. And comparing notes on which solutions work and dont work. And I share that view with that Marc Benioff has that we are relentlessly focused on customer success and that scale is beginning to really pay off. It always has paid off, but now we are getting to such big numbers that the customers really do talk a lot amongst themselves.
Justin Furby: Got it. And then maybe either for Chano or for you Aneel, in terms of financials, I guess can you give us a sense for what the pipeline mix looks like today in terms of [ATV] [ph] HCM versus [Technical Difficulty] and maybe what it looked like a year ago and I guess can you [Technical Difficulty]?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes, Chano can give you that perspective.
Chano Fernandez: Our pipeline really continues to grow well across all products. I could say that when you reflect more on the core finance, sales planning and [indiscernible] that is growing nicely as a percentage of the total and we are pretty happy with regard to the cloud financials awareness and continues to grow as evidenced by the Gartner recent Magic Quadrant. So we are pretty optimistic about the pipeline growth.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes, its off of a smaller base, but finance is growing significantly faster than core HR at this point in terms of pipeline right.
Justin Furby: And Aneel, we had a point where its 10% or so of new business or what does it look like from just new bookings?
Aneel Bhusri: Plus or minus thats a good range.
Chano Fernandez: Yes, it is a good range.
Aneel Bhusri: I would say that and I will be the first to admit I have been overly optimistic when the market would turn for financials moving into the cloud. I think Gartner publishing a Magic Quadrant for cloud financials is a big step. Its an acknowledgment that the market is moving and I think its just one of several catalysts including the aging financial systems at most Fortune 500 companies that as they get through their CRM projects and HR projects finances, the next place to go and we are beginning to see that. Its taking longer than we would have liked, but now we feel like we have got the right products and we are well-positioned and beginning to see those big companies show up in the pipeline along with the medium sized ones.
Justin Furby: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America.
Kash Rangan: Hi, guys. Congratulations on a wonderful quarter. Just trying to understand the significant growth in your backlog, if you do a bookings [coverage] [ph] rather than revenue [Indiscernible] because the stuff thats off the balance sheet that seems to be pulling away I calculate about 69% and that seems to be significantly faster than your reported revenue growth rate. I am wondering if you could talk to what is driving that, is that a increasing attach rate of new modules on existing customers as they come up for renewals, which you certainly alluded to. But curious, if that is the case or there some other factors at Workday thats causing explosive growth in your bookings off the balance sheet? Thank you very much.
Robynne Sisco: So, Kash, with regard to the backlog, there are really three main drivers that can grow that number, right, one being renewals that happened within the period, the second being net new contracts within the period and the third being the duration of both of those pieces. We didnt see a material change in duration and so the backlog increased from $4.1 to $4.4 billion was really a result of very, very strong schedule of renewals which we executed very well on as well as a very, very strong quarter with regard to a net new ACV, which includes up-sells into the existing customer base.
Kash Rangan: And in particular if I may, these up-sells could you tell us which products are you seeing the significant increase in up-sell rate as customers come up for renewals? That will be it for me. Thank you.
Robynne Sisco: We havent published attach rates but we are seeing very good traction in planning and learning and we continue to see great up-sells with some of the more mature products as well such as payroll and expenses. So, its really across the board at this point, Kash.
Kash Rangan: Thank you very much.
Aneel Bhusri: [Indiscernible] you check in on that during the financial analyst and we will provide some detail on attach rates across the different modules.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank.
Karl Keirstead: Thank you. Maybe one for Aneel and one for Robynne. Aneel, it felt like you went out of your way to highlight the European growth, congratulations on that and obviously, a win at Siemens. Aneel, thats obviously SAP country and I am just wondering if you could comment on whether you think the pace of the share gains there will be any different than in the U.S. market, where perhaps Oracle had a bigger presence and that was your main rival. And then for Robynne, certainly again in this quarter, the gap between reported subscription revenue growth of 42% and your DR growth of 26% remains unusually wide. And I am wondering if we are almost through the point where those two growth rates can begin to converge? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: On the first one, I will offer a couple of thoughts and turn over to Chano. The perspective that we have always had at Workday is that a multinational in the U.S. and a multinational in Germany or the UK, they face the same needs, they faced the same challenges in terms of running a global organization. And so a lot of what worked in the U.S. has translated very well to Europe. We had to build a great sales team, a great services team, the product was meant to be global from the start. But when you look at a company like Siemens, they are not necessarily looking at just local German companies, they are looking at other multinationals that are of similar size and scale and complexity around the globe, because they compete on a global basis. And so as a result the success we have had in not just winning the Fortune 500 accounts, but actually making them successful through the deployment and post-deployment areas has just played as well in Europe as it does everywhere else. And the same thing is happening in Japan, its happening across Asia, across New Zealand, Australia. If you stay focused on customers and customer success, people pay attention and they also want that same customer success. Anything do you want to talk about specifically about Europe?
Chano Fernandez: No, I think you explained it very well. I think when there are any subtleties, geographical ones and regarding either compliance in particular the relational locally speaking, they are able to compare notes today with many other successful Fortune 500s that are live in Europe, doesnt matter if it is the Unilever or Airbus [ph] or just an office of Phillips or many others. And that also helping out to believe that it isnt losing or its proving and its also proving into that geography and make them more confident to make the move.
Robynne Sisco: Karl with regard to your second question, I would encourage you to look at unearned revenue on a current basis instead of total  current unearned revenue actually grew 32%. I think thats a better comparison to sub-revenue than total given some of the dynamics we are seeing in the long-term. I dont believe that those growth rates will ever perfectly marry each other. The unearned revenue balance will fluctuate based on billing terms under particular contracts. One of the reasons that we are no longer guiding billings thats kind of the variability we see on that front. So I would expect that we will have times when subscription revenue is ahead of current growth rate, unearned growth rates which is what we are seeing today. It could also flip the other way. So I dont expect a perfect correlation between those two rates.
Karl Keirstead: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies.
John DiFucci: Thank you. I think I have question for Robynne and then a follow-up for Aneel and if I could. Robynne, the results look really strong, but is there anything that sum my question and its sort of gets to what Karl was talking about, it was really long-term deferred revenue decline. And thanks for all the color you gave. But I just wanted to sort of make sure that I understand all of it here, you said that the contract duration is not really changing sequentially, can you say the same if you are considering year-over-year and then am I right to assume that less customers paying multi-year contracts upfront, thats going to benefit future cash flow. And finally, can you give us any color on how we should think about how this goes forward, do you do expect continue to see this sort of behavior I guess in payments moving forward in the second half of this year?
Robynne Sisco: Yes. Thanks John. So from a duration perspective, we havent seen a material change from the same period of last year as well. The duration has stayed fairly stable although it can fluctuate particularly in periods where we either have an excessive number or lower number of large contracts which tend to have longer duration, but we have seen fairly  that number to be fairly consistent over the past year. With regard to fewer long-term billings today benefiting future cash flow thats absolutely correct. They will benefit billings as well as cash flow going forward. Its one of the reasons that we have deemphasized trying to get multiple years upfront and that we are trying to set ourselves up for success going forward and so we are not as focused on getting multiple years upfront. And great question about the go forward, I am actually glad you asked that because from where we sit today not only do we expect that long-term deferred balance will continue to decline, we actually see that decline accelerating into the back half of the year. So when we look at the unearned balance in long-term today that will roll into short-term by the end of the quarter. We actually believe that we will see a decline for Q3 that double what we have seen in either Q1 or Q2 on the dollar value basis.
John DiFucci: Okay, great. Thats really helpful. Very clear. And Aneel, I am going to ask you the question I asked you already, I want to hear anyway, but now you have given me more to ask about and thats on the platform-as-a-service and I know its early, but I find this really interesting. You talk about it at least so for about unique extensions to Workday solutions. I am just curious what your thoughts are about unique workloads like how might this rollout? It does make sense that people would use this to add on to what their Workday solutions that they are consuming, but do you envision as ever becoming something like  maybe Forrester.com, where companies actually can build separate, completely separate applications on your platform?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. In the short-term, we are very focused on our customers and our systems integration partners being able to extend Workday in logical areas around HR and finance, but longer term definitely see an independent software vendor opportunity. I think we will be very careful with that. We know we are not looking to get into a whole host of different areas, but as an example if we came across a group that wanted to build supply chain and manufacturing systems or another industry-specific system that we have a long-term view on, but we are going to on our own roadmap we know we would welcome that. So, I think I would consider that the second phase of the platform rollout, the first phase will be to customers, but we are already talking with ISVs that are looking to build new applications on our platform.
John DiFucci: And anything on timing for the first phase, Aneel and then I will turn it back.
Aneel Bhusri: You will hear a lot more about the Workday cloud platform at Rising.
John DiFucci: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Alex Zukin with Piper Jaffray.
Alex Zukin: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the quarter. Maybe the first one for Aneel, as you guys have adopted 606 and become more flexible on cash collections, I am curious how thats impacted pricing in the field and your ability to hold price and then maybe  and then I would follow-up?
Aneel Bhusri: I will probably defer that to Chano. I would just say that independent of price, it just makes the negotiation go smoother that we are not asking for a whole bunch of cash upfront. Its a more logical request to ask for 1 year as opposed to more than 1 year which is we were before. Do you want to talk about how it impacts pricing?
Chano Fernandez: No, I would say that we definitely value our customers relationship and are willing to become flexible to align with the customer success. I dont think you can draw any major trends so far. I would say that overall we are seeing a very stable pricing environment.
Alex Zukin: Got it. And then maybe kind of echoing the questions around financials, whats been the impact at sales cycles and maybe your pipeline now with your new financial performance management SKU, I have been planning in a field for a lot longer and maybe some of the new directional sales focus in that area?
Aneel Bhusri: Its still, I would say, separate out medium enterprise from large enterprise. Medium enterprise is ticking along very nicely with the financial products in many cases that are brought hand-in-hand with the HR products and those are 5, 6, 7 month sales cycles from what I can tell. Large enterprise is still unpredictable. I think they are still trying to sort through what they are going to do with their core accounting systems, but planning has taken off. And we are now over a 170 planning customers this last quarter, landing companies like Qualcomm and Bank of America has really validated that story in that approach of wedging in, planning as a bridge between financials and HR and I start with financials. And I think we are going to continue that playbook. Its working well and resonating with the marketplace. Now, we have got to focus on making sure those first 170 have a really good experience with the product, but its been a nice play until the core financials market in large enterprise begin to take off. With that Magic Quadrant from Gartner, we are seeing a lot more interest in people exploring financials in the cloud. I think that was really  that really was a seminal moment for our industry. Anything, you want to add?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great, thank you for taking the question. I had two quick ones. I think last quarter Aneel its either you or Mark, made the comment about ACD in Q1 and how it grew. You made a comment about how it grew I think 3 times faster than what we have seen in other Q1s. I am wondering if you have any comments to share with us on ACD in that vein related to this quarter. And then the other question I had was just related to I believe you said that there are fewer customers paying even 1 year upfront, that seems like its been a trend for a while, just wondering what do you  how long do you think that continues or whats the reason why you dont trust to get more of your collections 1 year upfront?
Aneel Bhusri: So on the first one, we didnt say 3x faster growth, but we did see acceleration in ACV growth. And I think that we will continue to see that acceleration throughout the year and the four quarters of north of 40% subscription growth, pretty much validate that. So we have definitely seen an up-tick in demand. On the cash collections, I will ask Robynne to answer that. Its not that less people are paying 1 year, less people are paying multi-year. Do you want to?
Robynne Sisco: Thats correct, I mean Heather if you go back a couple of years, we did start talking about our willingness to be a little more flexible on upfront payment terms for the larger strategic contracts. That continues to be the case. Although there havent been any significant shifts in volumes between the last few years and now the real change we are seeing is that we used to go after multiple years upfront, so we would ask customers to pay 2 years or 3 years of their contract upfront. And now we are not really even asking that of customers we are asking 1 year. So its is really the long-term unearned thats been impacted by that and the cash collections and the billings numbers to your point. But the less than 1 year cash upfront really that situation has not changed for several years.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Thank you very much and congratulations on a fantastic quarter. So Aneel, you had mentioned that your win rate in large enterprise was notably high this quarter, as you consider this period where there has really been impressive upside and acceleration and very large new logos, can you just help us to separate out how much of this do you think is being driven by fundamentally higher win rates against those legacy incumbents versus maybe how much of this is a broader acceleration in HR modernization projects, which I guess in theory could be benefiting some of the other providers as well?
Aneel Bhusri: I honestly think there is an element of both the activity level in the Fortune 500 marketplace has definitely picked up. And I think that market was later to move than maybe the Fortune 2000 market was. Within that Fortune 500 market, we have so many proof points of our ability to scale and take companies into production. And our competition doesnt have those proof points. So as these big companies are coming to market, we are winning more than our fair share. So our win rate is actually higher in that segment, because these large companies look around and dont see a lot of success on the other platforms. They might see it in a medium enterprise company, but they dont see in a large enterprise other than Workday customers and thats that network affect I was talking about earlier where as with the CIO of a Fortune 10 company who we have been trying to get into see for 5 years and finally he called me and said hey, I have had so many of your customers tell me what a great experience they have had with Workday and you are a good company to do business with and your products are up and running and working really well, why dont you come and see me. And that you cant buy a lead that gets you in the door like that the customer referrals because of the great work that our products and services people have done. We are getting those kinds of meetings now that a couple years ago I think people would have waited to see what SAP and Oracle would deliver and now as they are moving they want to make sure that they at least consider Workday.
Mark Murphy: And then as a follow-up Aneel, could you update us on your longer range ambitions in broader ERP for example supply chain management, manufacturing, inventory, etcetera, does the announcement of opening up the Workday cloud platform signal to us that you would allow partners to build some of those larger areas of broader ERP or would you keep those larger areas to develop yourself and the platform would be sort of aimed at relatively smaller chunks of code?
Aneel Bhusri: So I think the whole platform opportunity is going to evolve over the next 2 years and our strategy probably will change. But I would just say taking a step back from where we were 5 years ago, where we were predominantly an HR software company in North America we have really transitioned to a platform company. We start out transactions around HR and accounting. We now have planning. We now have analytics. You think about how a business works, any of our customers, they plan, they come up with a yearly plan. They execute against the plan. They analyzed against that plan. We now can do an end-to-end basic business planning exercise for them instead of planning twice a year they could plan as many times as they want, because its all built in a unified way. That in and of itself opens up so much market opportunity for PRISM Analytics for Financials, for platform-as-a-service in addition to the HR and accounting applications. I think that will keep us busy building out those combination of products for the next several years. If somebody came along and wanted to build supply chain or manufacturing on top of work, I welcome them. Maybe in 3 or 4 years, we might decide to want to do it ourselves, but right now I look at whats on our plate to build and the idea of the right people building on our platform is pretty appealing.
Mark Murphy: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Sanjit Singh: Hi, this is Sanjit Singh for Keith Weiss. Thanks for fitting me in. I had two questions. The first for Aneel, you mentioned earlier in the comments that maybe you have been a little bit optimistic on the sort of inflection point in core financially enterprise. You have been able to sustain growth pretty nicely over the last several quarters. And I want to sort of map that back to what you have announced earlier in terms of fixed fee contracts in terms of moving to the mid-market. If that plays out, how much extra runway particularly on HCM could that provide you in terms of sustaining growth in HCM and probably to a degree in financials as well?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, there is a lot of HCM market still out there. And with many of our largest customers, they have just started with core HR. So, even within a large customer, we have opportunity for up-sell. I might turn over to Chano and ask him about how he thinks about these packaged opportunities in medium enterprise. Its definitely an added market opportunity that we havent aggressively pursued until this year with the really dedicated medium enterprise strategy.
Chano Fernandez: Yes. I concur with Aneel that the opportunity in HR is still significant and big ahead of fast, definitely more mature in the U.S. but this is still a big one here yet and clearly a huge internationally speaking. I think with these fixed packages in medium enterprise allow us is first of all making sure that we had a great suitable offer for those customers and at the same time they are taking on more breadth of the product based scope that is just covering the functionality that they really need to transport their business. When it comes to financials, really as I said before, the pipeline momentum as a percentage of the total is accelerating significantly. So, clearly, large enterprise is money in its infancy, but we are seeing a quite significant growth already in the medium enterprise space.
Sanjit Singh: Got it. And then just a follow-up for Robynne, in terms of the margin, if we look at the first half of this year, we are looking at sort of double-digit operating margins and I know last year that you guys had given a snapshot view of the HCM crossing double-digit margins. And so I was wondering if you could update us on where HCM margins sort of stand today, are we sort of in that 15% range, are we in that 20% range and is that sort of just do you see margins in HCM continue to scale over time?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, Keith. So, currently, our HCM margins are above 20% and I think that really speaks well to the long-term operating margin. Obviously, its financials we are still heavily investing in the product in financials and planning in PRISM Analytics and there is other newer products and so those are dragging the overall margins down, but we dont see any reason why financials cant mirror a HCM margin opportunity over time.
Sanjit Singh: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, thanks for taking my question and congrats from me as well. And the quick question, Aneel, we talked about half a lot, can you talk about pause in the context of HR, because I know some of your competitors got some industries or some customers because of that ability to kind of do self-buffer on regulations. So, SAP won a couple of airline deals, because they could stuff or they wanted to do stuff that you didnt want to do into the core. Oracle win some of the PeopleSoft customers that were heavily customized. When you have [indiscernible] should that not changed quite a bit for you?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes, time will tell, but I think it will. Both, Id say, there is two categories of capabilities. There are things that are important to a small set of customers that are just 2 years or 3 years out in our roadmap and that we are not getting to. And as the customer satisfaction issue they can now go off and build it themselves. So they are a happy customer, but they want the capability that we dont have yet. So that actually released quite a bit of pressure on our application development team if that plays out the way it does. And then yes absolutely, the idea that you can build extensions to Workday and those extensions will be upgradable from version to version that takes away any issues about people that are honestly, effectively customizing systems and running it more like an ASP than a true cloud model you kind of get the best of both roles now with Workday  with Workday cloud platform. I do want to say though that we have to be careful not to get too far ahead of ourselves, we are very confident that the platform will stand up and will work well, but we are still learning about how people are going to use it. We are going to have some customer use cases by rising we are going to learn a lot in the way that it gets rolled out over the next six months.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you. And one follow-up as we go deep into your mid-market like looking the olden days you had the large vendors and them trying to move down always ended in disaster [ph] the product was to feature heavy to be adopted and SaaS it should be easier, but can you just kind of help us to understand how you bridge that gap from you are capable of doing and dealing with a lot of customers and your sales force get to work that and thats whats moving kind of more into mid-market and what you have seen in your early experience?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, if you compare to the legacy software and when the processes were too heavy for medium enterprises, it was kind of hard just to hide it. In the case of Workday, we are basically just picking a simple configuration through the system right, so medium enterprise still has to hire people, recruit people, retain people, but they want simple processes. And so what we have learned through all the medium enterprise deployments is a way to configure the system quickly and rapidly in a much more simplified way that fits their needs. And that just was not possible with the old technology where you had to customize it to get it to meet their needs. In our case you could figure it and the tools are meant to do rapid configuration and focusing on best practice rather than giving them too many options.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect. Really helpful. Congrats.
Operator: We will now take two more questions. Our next question is from the line of Brad Reback with Stifel Nicolaus.
Brad Reback: Thanks very much. Robynne or Aneel, can you give us any sense on renewals, what type of uplift you are seeing on a percent basis?
Robynne Sisco: So consistent with previous quarter that we continued to see renewing customers actually we are doing contracts for over 100% of the original contract, so we are still seeing really good traction with add-ons on the renewal front.
Brad Reback: Anymore detail, its obviously pretty clear that its north of 100%, but is it 110%, 130%, anything?
Robynne Sisco: Brad it varies by quarters, you can imagine. And I think the overall story is really positive and really strong with regard to selling more into the customer base and honesty that can actually happen on a non-renewal period as well, right. So the renewal story and up-selling during the renewal process thats only part of the attach and an add-on story. A lot of that actually happens just in the middle of a contract when a customer is ready. And as Aneel mentioned before we will talk more about attach rates at the Analyst Day at the Rising.
Brad Reback: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: We will take our final question from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much and thanks for squeezing me in. Aneel, none of China [ph] that come on this as well, but earlier you mentioned that in the mid-market a lot of times people are looking at buying financial connection together, I was kind of curious where you think things are going to go in the large enterprises meaning do you think people are still going to want to get HCM done first and then take on financials or now that as Gartner reports out and are you starting to see people sort of address that differently meaning maybe take them on both at the same time and I guess just final point on this, would that answer differ when you look internationally where people are just starting to take on HCM at  its still much earlier obviously in that market internationally? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: To-date we havent seen many large companies try to tackle both at the same time that the place where we have seen is our big government agencies and big universities. They will look to do a full scale ERP type deployment, but most large corporations that I think if you were to ask them their top three projects that they have done over the last 5 years, they would say Salesforce, Office 365 or Gmail and Workday if you look at the Fortune 500 and Workday for HR. And as they get through those projects, they come back and I think finance will get the resources and attention, but that would that be a big undertaking. They might subscribe to the two application suites at the same time, but it would be unlikely if they deploy them at the same time.
Chano Fernandez: I think potentially you are right the only other industry we are seeing it is healthcare.
Aneel Bhusri: Healthcare is not so...
Chano Fernandez: And I would say no difference on international update in terms of financials moving to the cloud, particularly when we see international more Western Europe right to be clear or European countries pretty similar to what is going on in the U.S.?
Kirk Materne: Okay. If I could just ask a follow-up on your answer, Aneel, does that mean when you go back in and you talked to these customers that are live now on HCM. Is that the time that then engaged them on financials and they are willing to sort of discuss that? Is that what you are feeling better about sort of seeing these inflections in the market at this point, because you have enough of a critical mass on HCM now live?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes, Id say a lot of it starts with the CIO that we have hopefully converted into a fan through the HR project and that individual he or she looks at the other projects and says hey, where else can I work with Workday. And we obviously talk about finance. I also think its about having references at scale. And just this past quarter, we had Dennys, we had Panera, we had Yale go live and they are all large in their own sectors. The Aon deployment is we are halfway through it. Its going very well. So now these large customers can look at some proof points of big companies having shifted over and thats actually having a very big impact.
Kirk Materne: Great, thanks. Congrats on the quarter.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in todays earnings call. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-06-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Magaro - IR Aneel Bhusri - CEO Robynne Sisco - CFO Chano Fernandez - EVP Global Field Operations
Analysts: Justin Furby - William Blair Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch Scott Wilson - Piper Jaffray Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Kirk Materne - Evercore Mark Murphy - JP Morgan Mark Marcon - RW Baird Richard Davis - Canaccord Brad Reback - Stifel Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets Matt Spencer - JMP Securities
Operator: Welcome to Workdays First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand it over to Mike Magaro, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Mike Magaro: Welcome to Workday's first quarter fiscal 2018 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; Robynne Sisco, our CFO; and Chano Fernandez, our EVP of Global Field Operations. Following Aneel and Robynnes prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate, and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP operating profit and operating margins. These non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of share-based compensation, employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and debt discount and issuance costs associated with our convertible notes. We will also discuss free cash flows, which are defined as cash flows from operations less certain capital expenditures other than owned real estate projects. These non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workdays performance, should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosers regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. In addition, on todays call, we will discuss our forward outlook for non-GAAP operating margin. A reconciliation of our forward outlook for non-GAAP operating margin with our forward-looking GAAP operating margin is not available without unreasonable efforts as the quantification of stock-based compensation expense required additional inputs such as number of shares granted and market price that are not ascertainable. The webcast replay of this call will be available for next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Also the customer's page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our second quarter quiet period begins at the close of business on July 14, 2017. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2017. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Michael. I'd first like to also thank everyone for joining our Q1 2018 earnings call. I'm pleased to report that our first quarter of fiscal year 2018 was one of our strongest quarter to-date. Indeed net new ACV experienced our highest year-over-year growth rate in almost three years. Our human capital management business remains strong with continued performance across customer size, geography and vertical. We also had a strong quarter for our financial management suite of applications as we had a 29 new core financial management customers. Starting out with Workday HCM we had another strong quarter as we continue to lead the market with an industry leading true cloud platform, the deepest product capabilities and unparalleled user experience and the highest levels of customer success. In Q1 we added Target, AECOM, Los Hotel [ph] and Puma among the wave of new HCM customers. We continue to land marque Fortune 500 accounts in part due to our proven ability to support our customers large volumes of data and transactions. A capability that neither of our legacy competitors has been able to demonstrate in the cloud. While these new wins are very important to us, we remain equally focused on delivering excellent service to our current customers and that includes delivering on our commitments to them. Amongst the many go-lives of Q1 I would like to highlight Qantas Airways, who became a customer in 2016 and went live after nine months project, covering all 45,000 employees and contractors in 26 countries, a special kudos to their great effort and excellent project team. We also saw a strong momentum for the Workday financial management suite of applications. We believe that a combination of our expanded set of offerings, the CFOs increasing comfort with the cloud, and our high levels of customer satisfaction are beginning to drive broader adoption of our financial management applications. To that end new Workday financial management customers in Q1 included Nasdaq, and Adventist HealthCare and Nuffield Health the largest not-for-profit healthcare provider in the UK.  I'm also delighted to report that in the first month of Q2, we saw a two existing HCM customers 21st Century Fox and CNA Financial Corporation expand their use of Workday to include our financial management applications. Taken together with our Q1 success, we believe these wins collectively demonstrate both the growing momentum of our financial management applications amongst large companies and the benefit of having a happy HCM customer base. In Q1, we also continue to add to our sales leadership team across the globe and are delighted to welcome Gonzalez Benedict, as our new President of EMEA and APJ. Gonzalez brings a strong background in enterprise applications and will report to Chano Fernandez, our Executive Vice President of Global Field Operations. Shifting to the product development front, we moved all customers to Workday 28 during Q1. With this update, which by the way took less than five hours for all of our customers, we expanded our global foundation and industry specific capabilities in Workday financial management and delivered a suite of new features in workday HCM that equip customers with even more flexibility to meet their performance to management needs. We also continue to deliver against the roadmaps for Workday Planning and Workday Learning by adding new features that expand the global breadth and depth of these products. Indeed, these two new offerings continue to perform very well in terms of new sales. Workday Planning now has over 140 customers as it continuous to be one of the best new product launches in our company's history. And Workday Learning has experienced a similar ramp and now enjoys a base of over 165 customers. As we look forward to the rest of fiscal year '18 and beyond, we will continue our relentless focus on innovation and expect to see continued momentum for our growing family of applications. On the hills of the success of Workday Planning and Workday Learning we are seeing increased levels of activity around Workday financial performance management, a new SKU we introduced at the start of the fiscal year and high levels of interests in Workday Prism Analytics, our advanced analytics offering that will become available with Workday 29 in the fall. And stay tuned for some other exciting offerings that we will discuss in the upcoming months. I would like to end on a note about a topic that is near and dear to me and Dave and the rest of the management team. Continuing to build a value based organization that stands the test of time. In the past year loan we have invested heavily in manager and leadership training including and off sight leadership summit where our 1,200 people manager spend two full days learning about our way of managing and leading at Workday.  We also continue to invest in development programs for our individual contributors to drive much of the performance of the company. And we believe this investment in our people continues to payoff. In the quarter we were named one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For by Fortune and Great Place to Work Institute for the third consecutive year ranking number 18 on this year's list. We ranked number one in the large company category of the San Francisco Business Times, Best Places to Work in the Bay Area list; and rank number one on the Great Place to work Institutes list of Ireland's Best Workplaces for 2017 in the Best Large Company category. We're very proud that even as we maintain our very fast pace of employee growth around the world the company culture remains strong. All in all, this quarter was a great start to our fiscal year. With that over to you Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon, everyone. As Aneel mentioned we continue to execute against our large and growing addressable market. The momentum from the fourth quarter continued into the first quarter with strong product adoption for both HCM and financials. Let's start with our top line results for the first quarter. We delivered total revenue of $480 million reflecting year-over-year growth of 38%. Our subscription revenue was $400 million, up 43% which represents our third consecutive quarter of accelerated subscription revenue growth. Subscription revenue outperformance was driven by strong net new ACV growth as well as better than normal linearity within the quarter. Professional services revenue came in at $80 million representing growth of 19%. We continue to be excited by the expansion of our global footprint. Total revenues outside the U.S. grew 58% to $97 million reaching 20% of the total revenue for the first time. We're still early in our expansion outside of the U.S. and this will be an area of continued investment for us. Our non-GAAP operating profit for the quarter was 61 million resulting in an operating margin of 12.7%. The strength reflects higher top line growth, improvement in our gross margins and the benefit of overall spends being lower than expected. We did not see any material impact from FX changes within the quarter. We achieved a record high for cash flow from operations of $180 million in Q1. Our trailing 12 month operating cash flow was 368 million, up 12% year-over-year. Our trailing 12 months free cash flow was 251 million, up 32% year-over-year. Note that in calculating our 12 month free cash flow we've excluded a 118 million related to our own real estate investments as we consider such investments non-recurring in nature. As always our cash flow results can vary with the timing of customer invoicing as well as seasonal and varying spending patterns. Our business model clearly demonstrates strong economics as we scale and we're confident in our ability to deliver future operating margin and cash flow improvement over time. It is important to reiterate however that given the large growth opportunities still ahead of us we'll continue to prioritize growth over near term margin improvement. Moving to the balance sheet, total unearned revenue at the end of Q1 grew 31% year-over-year to $1.2 billion. Current unearned revenue which will be recognized over the next 12 months was approximately $1.1 billion or strong annual growth of 37%. Even with the very strong Q1 on a sequential basis current unearned was relatively flat, a result of the compounding seasonality we're seeing over time. Non-current unearned revenue was down 6% year-over-year driven primarily by fewer customers electing to pay more than one year of subscription fees upfront. As we discussed last quarter and as part of our adoption of the new accounting standard ASC 606 we're pleased to provide two new quarterly subscription revenue disclosures. The first disclosure referred to as our remaining performance obligation under ASC 606 we will simply refer to as our subscription revenue backlog. This number represent all future revenue from existing customer subscription contracts regardless of contractual billing schedules. This means that amounts already billed which are on our balance sheet in the form of unearned revenue are included in the subscription backlog number as are amounts that will be billed at later date in accordance with the underlying contracts. At the end of Q1 our subscription revenue backlog was $4.0 billion with two thirds expected to be recognized within the next two years and the remaining balance to be recognized thereafter. Second, we are providing the amount of our subscription revenue within the quarter that was in the unearned revenue balance at the beginning of the quarter. For Q1 361 million of our $400 million of subscription revenue or 90% came from the balance sheet. This compares to Q1 of last year were 251 million of our $280 million of subscription revenue also 90% came from the balance sheet. We believe the new disclosures are good proof points in the predictability and longevity of our business and that they will be helpful over the long term. We also believe however that there are significant limitations in trying to deduce current period performance using these metrics, as they will fluctuate in the short term based on many factors including seasonality, contract durations, invoicing term, the timing of renewal, and other contractual dynamics.  Subscription revenue growth continues to be one of the best indicators of our performance from a top line perspective. We continue to see the annual dollar value of contracts from renewing customers exceed the original contract value during Q1 supporting our thesis that satisfied customers become long term customers which will drive long term shareholder value. We continue to invest in our people and in attracting top talent to Workday. During Q1 we successfully added and integrated approximately 250 net new employees to Workday bringing our total workforce at the end of the quarter to almost 6,900. Operationally we executed exceptionally well on the first quarter delivering over performance on both the top and bottom line. We're extremely pleased with our results and have gotten off to a great start for fiscal 2018. I'll now turn to guidance. As a reminder all our financial reporting and guidance is under the new ASC 606 accounting standard and our growth rates are calculated using the restated historical numbers provided last quarter. Based on our strong Q1 results we are raising our fiscal 2018 outlook and providing Q2 guidance as follows. For subscription revenue we're raising our full year estimate to be in the range of 1.705 billion to 1.720 billion or growth of 32% to 33%. We expect our Q2 subscription revenue to be 420 million to 432 million or 37% to 38% growth. The sequential improvement in Q3 and Q4 of 3% and 5% respectively. This pattern reflects our increasing seasonal trends towards larger Q4. We expect professional services revenue to be approximately 333 million in fiscal 2018 and 85 million in Q2. We therefore estimate the total revenue for fiscal 2018 will be 2.038 billion to 2.053 billion or growth of 29% to 30% with Q2 total revenue in the range of 505 million to 508 million or growth of 35% to 36%. For non-GAAP operating margins, we now estimate Q2 and full year operating margins of 6% to 7%. The sequential decline in non-GAAP operating margin from Q1 reflects typical seasonality and is primarily a result of our annual employee compensation cycle, which took effect at the beginning of Q2. In addition, we expect non-GAAP operating margins to decline quarter-on-quarter in Q3 to approximately 4%, primarily due to continued headcount growth and seasonal marketing spends before sequentially improving in Q4. The GAAP operating margin is expected to be lower than the non-GAAP margin by approximately 25 to 27 percentage points in each remaining quarter and for the entire fiscal year. We still expect strong operating cash flow of $420 million or growth of 20%. As you know, following our seasonally strong Q4s, Q1 is consistently our strongest cash collections quarter and correspondingly Q2 is traditionally our weakest. We are currently expecting cash flow from operations in Q2 to be negative, driven by the combination of seasonally low collections and the seasonally high sequential increase in expenses, driven by our annual employee compensation cycle, mentioned earlier. There is no change to our fiscal 2018 plans for capital expense for our owned real-estate projects or other CapEx provided on our last call. And finally, Ill close by thanking our amazing customers, partners and employees for their continued support and hard work. We are still in the early stages of executing against our long-term vision as a Company, but our progress wouldnt be possible without a shared goal. Were off to a great start to the year and look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. Operator, let's begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Justin Furby with William Blair. Your line is open.
Justin Furby: Maybe Robynne, just to start, can you give a sense for this new metric on the subscription backlog for Q1? What the year-over-year compare looks like? Was it a similar growth rate that you saw in terms of Q4 on backlog, or are there any more contracts around Q1 would be helpful? And then Ive got a follow-up for Aneel. Thanks.
Robynne Sisco: So if you look back to when we were disclosing backlog previously, if you take that backlog number and add in unearned balance, youll get a total number that was fairly comparable to the new disclosure under 606. So last quarter we disclosed that amount to be 3.8, and then youve got disclosures for every year-end previous to that. So youve got some pretty good points of comparability there if you look back in time.
Justin Furby: I was just wondering Robynne for Q1 of last year, what that might have looked like in terms of year-over-year growth, if not sequential?
Robynne Sisco: We have not disclosed Q1 of last year.
Justin Furby: And then -- I thought I'd try. Aneel, I havent asked this question in at least a few years, I wanted to take a shot at it again. Just based on what you see today in terms of financials and traction in pipeline, how long do you think it is for that product line would reach parity with HCM from a new booking standpoint and when we get there, whenever it is, what sort of growth story do you think Workday has at that point?
Aneel Bhusri: These questions are hard to predict. So, it's still several years down the road, we've seen really nice pipeline growth in financials, we talked about the two big wins, actually I put NASDAQ in the -- through the three big wins, NASDAQ, 21st Century Fix and CNA. So we're beginning to see that market move and that market is bigger. At the same point though the HCM market has a lot of legs in front of it and if you look at the reacceleration in this subscription growth rate that's still primarily driven by HR, and that HR needs to slow down for finance to reach parity at some point and we're not seeing that, we don't want to see that, but I'd say it's clearly down the road, but now this finance business is becoming more predictable and it's growing faster, but the HR business is really holding its own right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kash Rangan from Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Kash Rangan: A couple of questions for you Robynne and Aneel, one is you said that ACV growth rate was the fastest in almost three years, can you help us understand what exactly drove ACV growth rate and what could have been otherwise a seasonally slow Q1 and also is this a precursor that deferred revenue growth and how we calculate billings should also accelerate just because ACV growth rate was so solid? And if I could -- actually someone asked the backlog question, so this is the only question for me.
Aneel Bhusri: So in terms of Q1, I'd say it was strong execution and I'll turn it over to Chano in a second to talk about it, but very strong sales execution and I do think that we're seeing this phenomenon that especially in large companies in the market, that are out in the market for an HR system, we're just so far ahead of our main competitors in terms of proof points of success. So, if you're Fortune 500 company we've got dozens of -- actually over 100 points of success, and not just winning the account, but the customers actually in production and our competition has very little and we just saw some of those actually trickle into Q1 which historically hasn't seen a lot of Fortune 500 accounts, but we did as well. Maybe Chano you want to add something to that?
Chano Fernandez: I think companies continue to move to the cloud, clearly as the leader in HCM and financials we continue to gain share. I think the momentum from Q4 continue in Q1 on both medium enterprise and large enterprise were strong. And clearly as Aneel mentioned we're at the beginning of our global expansion. So, we had a trickle quarter outside of the U.S. and we continue, really excited about the opportunity ahead of us.
Robynne Sisco: Kash on your billings question, as you know we stopped guiding that because we don't believe the billings number really correlates to any meaningful metrics that are good to gauge our current period performance. So it will continue to vary as it has against the other metrics that we do manage to give, like net new ACV.
Kash Rangan: Appreciate that Robynne, but nonetheless ACVs growth rate should lead to something else accelerating as the rest of the year progresses, I would assume, it has a lag effect, I would assume.
Aneel Bhusri: Well so Kash the thing to understand is that given now that the revenue recognition rules have changed we're not as focused on getting a year's worth of cash or more than a year's worth of cash up front. It doesnt impact revenue recognition and frankly that gives us more tools in the bag to potentially lower discount rates right, there is only so many knobs you have and not pushing the customers on cash means you might be able to avoid some additional discounting, so we're just not focused on collecting cash in the same way that we've -- it's kind of odd because your name is Kash, but we're not focused as collecting as much cash as we have historically.
Kash Rangan: Wonderful.
Aneel Bhusri: It doesnt matter to our revenue recognition anymore.
Kash Rangan: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Zukin with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Scott Wilson: This is Scott Wilson on for Alex. Aneel maybe one for you and then a follow-up for Robynne. A large contender and here is over the last month or two [technical difficulty] senior leaderships of their HCM competitive alternative. Just curious if you have any thoughts on these changes and as a result, any changes in some kind of deals dynamics?
Aneel Bhusri: Our large competitors change their leadership in the field on what seems a pretty regular basis, so I think the previous individual was as high-quality person, if I think that the company's SAP. So I'm not sure what that means other than our win rate against both SAP and Oracle has been consistently high and I think it will continue to remain consistently high.
Scott Wilson: Got it, and then Robynne maybe a bigger picture question got you. I think some people have kind have been trying to get at this, but setting aside kind of invoicing flexibility and billings seasonality and it would seem as though bookings growth is outpacing kind of billings growth and even subscription revenue growth, given that its been the strongest in the past three years. So what is the metrics that you kind of point us to to judge your quarterly success I guess?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, so Scott. We believe that the best top line metric is really subscription revenue growth and while there is a little bit of a lag effect there because we guide we think that's the best insight to give you in terms of how we are doing.
Scott Wilson: Got it, alright Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Karl Keirstead from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Karl Keirstead : Thanks. Maybe two questions for Robynne. Robynne back on the seasonality issue, if you look at total differed revenues it was I think down 2% year-ago it was plus 3%. So maybe that's an example of the seasonal impacts that you've been highlighting. So I guess my question is as we look out to the rest of fiscal '18 should we expect in 2Q and 3Q to have that similar dynamics sort of less sequential DR growth compared to the year ago and then 4Q perhaps better just directionally does that make sense and I've got a separate follow-up.
Robynne Sisco: Yes, so I think what we're seeing right now what we're seeing is our compounding seasonality and as you look at one of our large peer companies you see the exact same dynamics it's just because they are a little more mature than we are, it took us a little while to hit that. I dont think for this year we would expect sequential declines in the next few quarter over the year, but overtime we certainly could more closely follow the pattern of over a large peer on that front.
Karl Keirstead: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe a separate question on the service to side it looks like that's where a decent chunk of the revenue outperformance versus your guide came in Q1 and your guide Robynne for services was 85 million on 2Q suggests that growth will be pretty good. Is there anything happening on the services side worth calling out?
Robynne Sisco: We're just seeing very strong new contracts from the services side and good execution, so nothing really in particular just continued growth on that front. If you look at the year-over-year growth we still are seeing declines because as you know we view professional services as a vehicle more for customer success, getting customers live than for driving revenue growth.
Karl Keirstead: Got it, okay thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question come from Kirk Materne with Evercore, your line is open.
Kirk Materne: Aneel we've obviously heard a lot about the bigger deals over the last quarter or two, but I was kind of curious just on your commentary round the commercial business and some of your efforts in the mid-market and how those are going and maybe just an update on the competitive environment there.
Aneel Bhusri: So we had a very strong quarter competitively against both Ultimate and NetSuite, I think that probably the part that we anticipated was the NetSuite one, our win rate is the highest its been against NetSuite in some time. At the same point the number of competes against NetSuite dropped pretty significantly. So I do think that they are in some disarray over there. So we're not seeing them as much in the competitive market, part of it is we're also moving up market, but when we do see our win rate expanded in Q1.
Kirk Materne: If I could just ask a really quick follow up for Robynne, just Robynne on cash flow you guys obviously outperformed this quarter, but -- not only in cash flow, but on margins. But you're leaving the cash flow guide sort of in place for the full year. I assume some of that's just seasonality through the year, you mentioned that you sort of maybe little bit too conservative on spending in first quarter so I expect you guys might be accelerating a little bit on that front. Can you just talk about sort of the sort of the factors that led leaving cash flow growth for the full year or guidance for the full year alone?
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, Kirk, I mean we were very pleased with our cash flow results for Q1, but they were in line with what we had expected for the quarter. As Aneel mentioned previously we have less of a focus on getting multiple years of cash upfront from customers, so that is also the factor in our annual guide for cash flow and the year's early, so we just need to see how it unfolds over time.
Kirk Materne: Understood, thanks for answering the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Justin [ph] for Keith Weiss. Robynne I know it's in the press release, you certainly called it out, the margin and the cash flow performance, so dovetailing from the previous question have you guys thought about introducing sort of a framework, some of your SaaS peers have done something similar where they look at various scenarios of growth, you know 20%, 30% and then give investors sort of a framework about how to think about margin expansion and margin levels over time. Have you guys thought about introducing that now that we're sort of in positive operating margin territory now for Workday?
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, it's something we have thought about and that we will do it some point in time, we're not quite ready yet, but we realize that it's important to give you some more longer-term visibility so you'll hear more from us on that front at some point in time.
Unidentified Analyst: Then as a quick follow up on the international side of the business, you delivered some healthy growth. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of sort of the penetration. What your view of penetration rates are in the U.S. versus Europe versus maybe rest of world. Where do you see the opportunities at ACM and how long will it take for financials to follow?
Chano Fernandez: We are still in early days globally for HCM, the period that U.S. markets are more mature but opportunities outside of the U.S. remained robust. And I think Aneel commented on the financial structure and following the HCM, going forward.
Aneel Bhusri: I would add that Nuffield Health in the UK is a great data point. It's a very large healthcare organization in the UK and they subscribed to all of our HR and financial products. So it's not a medium size, it's a large enterprise that chose us for finance in the UK, and I think thats a good sign and a good start to selling financials outside the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Murphy with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Mark Murphy: Aneel, in the past you have mentioned one of the drivers of your opportunity set, being the cycle of the legacy deployments that people saw in SAP that are becoming fully depreciated or outdated or are for some reason being sunsetted. And I am just curious what youre observing there in terms of the vintaging of those replacement cycles in HCM and financial? And I think what some of us are trying to get at is just the sustainability of this incredible wave of large shield winds that youve had and whether this feel sustainable for a while to you?
Aneel Bhusri: So were now getting into the later versions, not the really old versions, but the later versions of the legacy systems, coming off maintenance. And so I do believe thats a factor. And I am not sure whats happened in the past two quarters, but activity has definitely picked up. Theres no question about it in Q4 and Q1. My other hypothesis is that the cloud, at least for HR is clearly moving to main-street and it's becoming more accepted. Historically, retail has not been one of the industries, thats been an early adopter of new technology, it's been historically technology and financial services, the high-tech and the fin-services worlds have been early adopters. So now as it's getting to some of these markets like healthcare and retail. I think it's telling you that were moving into another level of adoption of HR and the cloud. And at the same time, the systems, even the most current legacy systems, are coming off maintenance. So I think there are a couple of factors at work right now.
Mark Murphy: And also as the follow-up to that, I wanted to ask. Are you seeing cases where you can allow companies to put a Workday financials kind of a front end on top of a legacy financials backend with the help of connectors, if you will, kind of creating a reporting layer on top of that existing financial system, as a preliminary step to ultimately displacing the general ledger in the future?
Aneel Bhusri: Absolutely, that was actually a big driver of our Financial Performance Management SKU, which we introduced at the start of the sales here. Be able to bring-in not just the financial reporting, but actually Planning, Analysis and Consolidations into an environment, likely thats already an HR customer and come back for the GL later. And that is a newer initiative, but the products are actually fairly mature with the exception of Planning thats getting mature quickly. And were definitely getting traction with that message and with that offering. And so I think it just need continued pushing of that offering into our customer base and to our prospect base.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Marcon with RW Baird. Your line is open.
Mark Marcon: On the HCM side I missed the total number of new logos that you may have brought onboard, and then I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the source of growth there, splitting it out between new logos versus existing clients bringing on new module?
Aneel Bhusri: So, we didn't announce the HCM number and we'll do it from time-to-time. We announced the financials number just because there seems to be so much interest in that number. I think just at a high level, a lot of that growth was driven by new accounts as opposed to selling back into the installed base, that still is a big opportunity in front of us. There is definitely some of it at every quarter, but mostly Q1 was landing new accounts.
Mark Marcon: And then with regards to the big accounts that you ended up mentioning like Target, did they bring you on for all modules or was it primarily the HCM backlog?
Aneel Bhusri: I'm not exactly sure, I know it's core HR, I believe it's at least the couple of the modules, we'll get back to you on that -- we'll get back to you on that one. I mean, some of these larger ones they start out with the core HR project, come back for payroll, recruiting and learning later, but we'll get to the exact details of that. Maybe in the callback.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Davis with Canaccord. Your line is open.
Richard Davis: I think I recall at the Analyst Day there was some discussion about kind of opening up and building out a platform strategy where you have your kind of partners and ISVs [ph] and things like that, where are we on that angle?
Aneel Bhusri: Well I alluded in my script that there's other exciting announcements coming down the path this year. I'll probably just leave it right there. I would just say that we've been working on that initiatives since David Clark committed to at that financial Analyst Meeting in the fall so, and we had actually been working on it for a while before that, so just stay tuned.
Richard Davis: Got it, and then just a real quick follow-up. I mean you guys have done a good job of building a good reputation for a good culture, are you guys on track in terms of hiring for your sales and development staff, how does that field these days?
Aneel Bhusri: I'll answer development piece, and I'll ask Chano to comment on sales. We continue to hire very well on the development front, I would say that that Silicon Valley is just more challenging than it has been. Both in terms of not just competition, but just the cost of living here, so we've been relying more on places like Boulevard, Colorado, and Dublin, Ireland to begin building out our development organization. So, we're finding the talent, it's maybe not all in Silicon Valley, the way it was five to seven years ago.
Chano Fernandez: On the second front, the company is becoming more attractive as appealing to customers satisfaction and innovation, and we're on track, we just to continue to be focused on the right mix between culture, performance, and cultural fit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brad Reback with Stifel. Your line is open.
Brad Reback: A little while ago you guys filed the mid shelf, can you give us some sense of what use of proceeds might be for, given the magnitude of the balance sheet right now?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, Brad we actually had a shelf registration that expired just a short time ago, until this is just replacing that before we filed our next 10-Q which will be tomorrow. There is no current intended use for that shelf registration at this time.
Operator: At this time, we have only time for two more questions. Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ross MacMillan: One for Aneel and one for Robynne. Aneel, coming into this year, you had alluded to the fact that youre going to be as you focused on maybe selling edge financial applications as core financial applications. But it sounds like Q1 got off to a stronger start on the core financial applications. So I was just curious as to whether that was driven by any additional incentives, whether it's in sales force, whether it's driven by just deals closing faster than you expected. Just curious for any color around why you maybe got positively surprised on strength of financial management core in Q1?
Aneel Bhusri: I would attribute it to two things. Chano has brought focus to financial sales. Not that we didnt have it before, but I would say more intense focus to financial sales and we just executed really well. And Id also say that the strength of financials wasnt limited to core financials, it included strength and planning, which we alluded to in the press release -- in the script; expenses, projects, I mean, really across the board. And so not just limited to core financing, it was just the strong quarter across the board. And I think it's a couple of things; there is no question that finance market is moving into the cloud. Were all trying to figure out the pace at which it's moving into the cloud. And what were seeing is were beginning to see healthy levels of adoption. And our sales force getting more focused and getting better frankly at selling financials.
Ross MacMillan: And Robynne, one for you, just on the contracted recurring backlog. I heard you give us something on duration, but it was a little confusing to me. I sounded like you gave us a two year recognition and then beyond two years, I felt we were maybe going to get something more like an average duration. Maybe you could just recap on what you said and how we should think about your disclosure and duration going forward? Thanks.
Robynne Sisco: So what I said was the two-thirds of that $4 billion number would be recognized as revenue over the next two years. We thought long and hard about what the right disclosure should be to give you guys some color around term. You have a lot of information around whats going to roll off over the next 12 months, including subscription revenue guidance from us including the unearned current balance on the balance sheet. So we thought that giving you a little further out would help give you some color on that duration. The disclosure requirements are pretty flexible on what we can do. So we were trying to find something that was quite useful. As our peers adopt next year, if therere other conventions that seem to emerge amount that front then well certainly take a look and reevaluate the way were disclosing it at that time.
Operator: Our final question comes from Pat Walravens with JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Matt Spencer: This is Matt Spencer on for Pat. Thank you for taking my question. If you wouldnt mind, could you please just explain some of the demand drivers youre seeing within learning and also who in particular are you competing against there? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Id say it's the same demand drivers were seeing across the other products. It's the benefits of moving to the cloud, the better user experience. But then Id add that our learning products it's just different what else is on the marketplace, its a lot more than just the administration and tracking of classes, it's the ability to create content, track that content and really engage the employee base on how they are learning within the organization, much more like a corporate YouTube. I think in some places we're replacing some of the best degree players, and in other places we're coexisting for the time being. We're not really necessarily focused on replacing, we're focused on delivering learning to our customer base, if they chose to replace an existing system, great. So I know we've replaced success factors learning quite a few times. I suspect that we're replacing Cornerstone in some places, in other places we've partnered with Cornerstone.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in today's earnings call. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-02-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: James Redfern - Investor Relations Aneel Bhusri - Chief Executive Officer Robynne Sisco - Chief Financial Officer Philip Wilmington - Co-President
Analysts: Mark Murphy - J.P. Morgan Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Walter Pritchard - City Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Alex Zukin - Piper Jaffray Justin Furby - William Blair Phil Winslow - Wells Fargo Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch Richard Davis - Canaccord Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Raimo Lenschow - Barclays
Operator: Welcome to Workdays Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand it over to James Redfern.
James Redfern: Welcome to Workday's fourth quarter fiscal 2017 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; Robynne Sisco, our CFO; and Philip Wilmington, our Co-President. Following Aneel and Robynnes prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. We have also posted on our Investor Relations website additional information related to our adoption of ASC606, which Robynne will review during her prepared remarks. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate, and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP operating profit and operating margins. These non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of share-based compensation, employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and debt discount and issuance costs associated with our convertible notes. We will also discuss free cash flows, which are defined as cash flows from operations less certain capital expenditures other than owned real estate projects. These non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are useful as supplemental measures of Workdays performance, should be considered in addition to and not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. You can find additional disclosers regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. In addition on todays call, we will discuss our forward outlook for non-GAAP operating margin. A reconciliation of our forward outlook for non-GAAP operating margin with our forward-looking GAAP operating margin is not available without unreasonable efforts as a quantification of stock-based compensation expense required additional inputs such as number of shares granted and market price that are not ascertainable. The webcast replay of this call will be available for next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations' link. Also the customer's page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. Our first quarter quiet period begins at the close of business April 15, 2017. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2016. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, James. Hello, everyone and thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter fiscal year 2017 earnings call. I'm pleased to report that after slow November that was highlighted on our Q3 earnings call, business bounced back nicely in December and January, and went up having a very strong quarter, by far the best quarter in the history of the company. The fourth quarter was highlighted by strength across the Board in terms of product and geographies. We saw continued success in the HCM space where we closed the two Fortune 500 accounts in the fourth quarter alone. Some notable wins include BP, Deutsche Bank, Dow Chemical and Wal-Mart. We ended the year with 1,528 HCM customers. We now have 136 of the Fortune 500 using Workday Human Capital Management with over 70% of them being in production. We also had a strong quarter for our Financial Management applications, highlighted by 38 new sales for our planning application and the addition of more than 40 core financials customers, including [ph] Wins Atlas (02:58/4), FactSet Research and John Muir Health. We ended the year with the following customer accounts, 324 for core financials, 111 for planning and 452 for expenses. Of note, we now have five Fortune 500 customers who have chosen Workday planning only two quarters into its general availability. And lastly, we also reached our goal of driving acceleration in net new ACV growth for both the fourth quarter and the full year. As we look back on the fourth quarter, I believe several factors let to our strong performance, our industry-leading products and technology, the great efforts of our sales team and the high levels of customer satisfaction across our customer base. Nearly all of the new Workday customers conducted heavy referencing of the different alternatives and the fact that 70% of our customers are live on Workday and 97% are happy with us, clearly set us apart from our legacy competitors both of whom are struggling for just getting customers in their production. Heading into fiscal year 2018 we are focused on capitalizing on our momentum and surpassing $2 billion in revenues this year. In order to prepare for this next wave of growth we have decided to make some changes to our sales leadership and go-to-market model. On leadership front, our Co-President, Philip Wilmington and I are pleased to announce promotion of Chano Fernandez to expanded role of Executive Vice President, Global Field Operations. Over the past three years, Chano has done a phenomenal job building our European and Asia-Pacific teams and delivering great results. Chano brings a broad global perspective and a strong passion for teambuilding and culture. In his new role he will extend his proven consistent approach to sales and sales operations across the globe. You will all be seeing and hearing from Chano at future investor events. As we have grown larger as the company is become evident that we need to constantly adjust our organizations, stay nimble and focused on our key objectives. To that end, we have now clearly divided our North American business into two groups, large enterprise and medium enterprise. While weve had separation of the account executive level between large and medium enterprise for some time, we are now taking all the way to the senior sales leadership at a national level and bringing the same approach to the services organization as well. Switching gears to the product side, we are pleased to announce two new SKUs for the fiscal year 2018 sales year, Workday Financial Performance Management which is available today and Workday PRISM Analytics which is on track to be delivered in the fall of this year. Workday Financial Performance Management provides financial consolidation, financial reporting and management porting, and includes a connector that facilitates integration of accounting entries from third-party accounting and general ledger systems. This offering also includes Workday planning and will allow customers who may not be ready to replace the core general ledger to take advantage of Workdays powerful and robust consolidation analytics reporting and planning functionality. Our second new SKU, Workday PRISM Analytics is analytics platform that provides Workday customer's the ability to blend and analyze Workday data and non-Workday data from multiple sources. Workday PRISM Analytics includes the data repository for storage of data, governance controls, data preparation tools for transformation blending of mix data services and tools to explore and analyze the data. Last October at Workday Horizon we announced that this new offering would be delivered this fall with Workday 29 and I am pleased to share that we are right on schedule. As a reminder, Workday PRISM Analytics has been enabled by the team and technology from our acquisition of Platfora last summer. Wrapping up our commentary on fiscal year 2018 we have all the ingredients for an excellent year. Our business and pipeline are healthy. We have a great team of dedicated workmates. We continue to innovate at the pace of the consumer internet and our customers are happy. As long as we continue to execute on all these dimensions, fiscal year 2018 should be another great year of progress for Workday. Before handing it over to our CFO, Robynne Sisco, I want to take a minute to thank her and our accounting for accomplishing a significant milestone. She will share more details with you shortly, but Workday has just become one of the earliest adopters of the new 606 revenue recognition standard. Its a strong testament to their hard work and the capabilities of the Workday Financial Management applications where we are able to move so quickly to this new standard that will affect thousands of companies in the upcoming years. Over to you Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon, everyone. As Aneel just mentioned while we ended FY17 on the historical revenue accounting standard ASC605, I am excited to share that effective February 1, 2017 we had early adopted the new revenue standard ASC606. I will discuss our Q4 and FY17 results on this call according to the historical revenue recognition standard ASC605, but we will provide forward-looking guidance according to the new revenue recognition standard. For comparability, restated financial statements under the new standard for the full-year FY16 and the full-year and quarters of FY17 have been provided on our Investor Relations website. I will also talk more a little later about our early adoption of the new standard, the impact of this change and the significance to Workday, our customers and our products. Our fourth quarter capped another strong year for Workday. Our Subscription revenue grew 39% to $365 million for the fourth quarter and also 39% to $1.287 billion for the year. Total revenue was $437 million, reflecting growth of 35% from Q4 of last year and $1.569 billion or 35% growth for the full-year. We continue to demonstrate strong momentum across our Subscription revenue growth drivers, new customers, renewals and sales of additional products to existing customers. Our momentum and the predictability of our business is positively reflected in our backlog and unearned revenue. At the close of fiscal 2017 our non-cancelable backlog, which represent contractual amounts not yet filled and is not on our balance sheet was $2.54 billion, representing annual growth of 63%. Unearned revenue at the end of fiscal year 2017 was $1.23 billion with annual growth of 37%. Combined the non-cancelable backlog and unearned revenue represents approximately $3.8 billion and future Subscription revenue are almost three times our FY17 Subscription revenue. The financial visibility provided by this feature Subscription revenue gives us high confidence and the sustained strength of our business. Our non-GAAP operating profit for the fourth quarter was $8 million or 1.8% of total revenue. For the year, our non-GAAP operating profit was $29 million or 1.9% of total revenue. Our strong results also translated into strong cash flow. Operating cash flow for fiscal 2017 was $349 million, representing 35% growth from last year. Our free cash flow was also strong increasing to $228 million in fiscal 2017 reflecting growth of 82% year-over-year and representing over 14% of total revenue. The strong cash flows were positively impacted by unusually strong customer collections in Q4 and slower than expected capital spend. Operationally we continue to execute well against our vision and appreciate the continued support we have received from our loyal customers. The annual dollar value of contracts from renewing customers continues to exceed the original contract value supporting our thesis that satisfied customers become long-term customers. We successfully added and integrated approximately 1,400 net new employees to Workday this year, bringing our total workforce at year-end to over 6,600. Now I want to talk about the new revenue standard ASC606. As I mentioned earlier, effective February 1st, Workday has early adopted this new standard, but we are proud to be the first software company to do so. While a significant amount of work went into this project in terms of contract review, documentation and thoughtful interpretation of the standard, our Workday Financial Management products was a key driver enabling us to early adopt. Workday Financial Management includes revenue recognition functionality that allows all Workday Financial Management customers to evaluate, model and then apply these new standards both retrospectively and on a go-forward basis. This functionality is embedded in the core system of record and delivered to customers through Workday's regular update process. Had we been using a legacy financial system, it would not of been possible for us to be an early adopter and our adoption would have cost us considerably more money. It is in times like this, times of significant change that the huge advantage of having a true SaaS cloud financial product is most apparent. We elected to adopt ASC606 under the full retrospective method. As required by this method, we fully restated FY16 and FY17 under the new standard using financial data all the way back to 2010. We were able to adopt under this method because we have detailed accessible historical data in our Workday financial system. Under this method all future reporting will be under the new standard only. We believe many companies will have difficulty accessing their data as far back as necessary and in enough detail to adopt the full retrospective method and will therefore adopt what is known as the modified retrospective method instead. Workday Financial Management functionality also supports the dual reporting under both the old and new standards, which is required under this alternative method of adoption. To ensure full transparency, we have provided restated income statements and balance sheets for the full year of FY16 and for each quarter and the full year of FY17 on both the GAAP and non-GAAP basis. These restated numbers can be found on our IR website along with a brief summary presentation on the new standard and its impact to Workday. As a reminder, this new standard is an accounting change only. It has had no impact on our operating or free cash flow and does not change the underlying strength of our business or the opportunities ahead of us. The following three areas are the primary drivers of changes in our numbers under the new standard. First, the timing of Subscription revenue has been impacted for contracts were invoiced amounts have been lower than the annual contract value. Under the old rules, the revenue recognized was limited to amounts invoiced. Under ASC606 that limitation no longer exists and such contracts are now recognized ratably regardless of the associated contractual invoicing schedule. For Workday less than 5% of our contracts were affected by this change. As a result of this change, our restated Subscription revenue now incorporates some of the headwinds from flexible contracts that we had previously discussed in our results, although that benefit is partially offset by other impacts of the new standard. From a cash flow perspective, however, the full headwind remains and the contractual invoice timing and therefore the collection of cash has not been impacted. Note that, this new standard requires companies to recognize revenue ahead of invoicing in the circumstances described, therefore adding an unbilled component to accounts receivable. Second, Subscription and Professional Services revenues have both been impacted where disproportional discounts lead to reallocations of revenue between Subscription and Professional Services under ASC606. Previously such reallocations could only go one direction from Professional Services revenue to Subscription revenue. Under the new standard allocations can go either direction depending on the facts and circumstances of each particular situation. Only handful of contracts were impacted in this manner, but those contracts have resulted in changes to both Professional Services and Subscription revenue in all restated periods. To give you a feel for the total impact revenue of the new standard, our total revenue growth for FY17 is 36% under the new revenue standard versus 35% as reported. Our Q4 FY17 total revenue growth is also 36% under the new standard versus 35% as reported. The third and most significant impact from ASC606 is in the treatment of contract acquisition costs. We are now required to capitalize a larger portion of sales compensation and to amortize those amounts over a longer period of time. The incremental compensation cost capitalize are for indirect incremental payments on customer contracts were previously we only capitalize direct incremental payments. In short, while we use the only capitalize the sales account rep commissions we now additionally capitalize payments to all off sales leaders whose compensation was affected by that particular sales contract. Also while we previously amortize the capitalize commissions over the term of the specific contract which those commissions related which was generally three years we will now amortize all capitalize compensation over a five-year period which represents our estimated period of benefit of those payments. This change alone positively impacted our GAAP and non-GAAP operating margin by approximately 1.8% in FY16 and 1.2% in FY17. Also as a result of this change, the deferred costs on our balance sheet have increased. The total impact of the new revenue standard on our non-GAAP operating margins is an improvement over our previously reported margins of 1.2% in FY16 and 1.4% in FY17. The improvement to our GAAP operating margins is 1.2% in FY16 and 1.6% in FY17. Now let me turn to guidance, all of our future financial reporting and guidance including our guidance on this call will be under the new accounting standard only and all growth rates are calculated using the restated historical numbers provided. As we begin fiscal 2018, our pipeline and momentum are both strong. We estimate that Subscription revenue for fiscal 2018 will be $1.68 billion to $1.70 billion or growth of 30% to 32%. We expect Professional Services revenue to be approximately $325 million in fiscal 2018 or growth of 15%. We therefore estimate the total revenues for fiscal 2018 will be $2.005 billion to $2.025 billion or growth of 27% to 29%. This puts us on track to be the second pure-play SaaS company to reach the $2 billion revenue milestone. Our Subscription revenue forecast for the first quarter is approximately $892 million to $393 million or 40% growth and is expected to grow sequentially in Q2 and each remaining quarter in FY18 by approximately 5%. We expect Q1 total revenue to be $467 million to $468 million or year-over-year growth of 34% to 35%. At this point, I would historically have also provided detailed billings guidance. However, largely as a result of the changes resulting from our adoption of ASC606, which divorces timing of invoicing from revenue recognition, we have concluded that now is the right time to transition from annual billings guidance to annual operating cash flow guidance. Annual operating cash flow is a metric we focus on internally and one which we believe is a better indicator of performance as we scale our business and improve our profitability. Given the increasing seasonality of our business, both between and within quarters, as well as variations in the timing of contractual customer invoicing, we believe the best way to look at cash flow is on an annual basis. For FY18 we anticipate operating cash flow of approximately $420 million or growth of 20%. We expect to have non-GAAP operating margin of 8% to 9% in Q1 and between 5% and 6% for both Q4 and the full year as we scale our business and incrementally improve our profitability. When considering trends in our profitability, it is important to note incremental margin improvement versus our restated FY17 non-GAAP operating margin of 3.3% and not versus the 1.9% margins I discussed earlier today under the old standard. We anticipate Professional Services margins will be lower in fiscal 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017 as we invest in programs to ensure ongoing customer success. The GAAP operating margin is expected to be lower than the non-GAAP operating margin by approximately 25 percentage points to 26 percentage points in Q1 and 26 percentage points to 27 percentage points in both Q4 and for the full-year. During FY18 we expect to grow our employee base by approximately 1,500 net new people. We expect FY18 CapEx excluding our own real estate projects to be approximately $160 million. We continue to invest in our new development center and other real estate projects at our Pleasanton headquarters. In fiscal 2018 we expect capital expense for these projects to be approximately $175 million including CapEx from FY17 that was delayed due to the unusually wet weather in the Bay Area this winter. The entire project is still expected to be ready for occupancy in fiscal 2019 and we continue to fund construction from cash on our balance sheet. With that, let's begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mark Murphy with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Thank you and congratulations on a nice finish to the year. So, Aneel, in the Q3 earnings call you had commented that the first month of Q4 had started out slowly with some deal slippage and you did not include that language this time, is it fair to conclude that linearity in Q1 has started out a little more robustly or more normally, and also are the underlying issues around Brexit or whether its Brexit or trade and tariff et cetera, is that looking like a blip in retrospect is still out there to some extent?
Aneel Bhusri: In terms of linearity, its so early in the quarter, but I think that its back to businesses, November was just an odd month, actually second half of October and November were just odd -- an odd time period. I'm not sure of Brexit and other things have completely gone away, but they don't seem to be impacting our business right now.
Mark Murphy: Great. And just as a follow, Aneel, I was thinking back to the Q4 earnings call year ago and at that time you had talked about the potential for accelerating that new ACV bookings growth and I think you had also commented that the pipeline for financials was up 150% year-over-year. And so now, I think, seeing -- we have seen your Subscription revenue growth did accelerate here in Q4. Do you see parallel, in terms of the set up for fiscal year 18 and in particular, I'm wondering if the availability of planning is boosting the financials pipeline coming into this year.
Aneel Bhusri: There is no question that planning is having a very positive impacts and in my prepared remarks I talked about a new SKU, Financial Performance Management, which basically takes planning, general ledger and a connector, therefore you get all the benefits of Workdays planning and consolidation of financial reporting, management reporting and give a legacy general ledger as a database, that taking with a traction of planning really bodes well as just another new revenue stream on our financial products. And to your point we now have five Fortune 500 companies using our planning, that's as fast ramp as I have ever seen in the new module. And in terms of set up, it feel really good going into this year. I like the organizational changes weve made. In terms of clear alliance between medium enterprise and large enterprise, we have different competitors in those two buckets and then so I make a change to Chano, I think, we now have a very straightforward global way of go-to-market, which is really important as we continue to penetrate the global marketplace.
Mark Murphy: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Karl Keirstead: Thank you. Aneel, as DB signing a big deal, gets the next the front of the [ph] QL (26:37), I will see if we can do this every quarter.
Aneel Bhusri: Sure. [Inaudible] (26:44)
Karl Keirstead: Okay. Thanks for including me. So, Ive got a question, maybe its for Robynne. So, Robynne, on the decision not to give billings guidance with the operating cash flow, I guess, I have two questions. One is, in the past you have mentioned that growth in operating cash flow shouldnt approximate billings growth and I'm wondering should we loosely assume therefore that that 20% operating cash flow guide for fiscal 18 is roughly what the models generating on the billing side? And then, secondly, given that, we are not going to have the billings metric and you're only giving us an annual operating cash flow, if that's the proxy for the health of your business, is there anything that you can give us in terms of the quarterly operating cash flow to help monitor the performance of Workday? Thanks so much.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, Karl. So as you are aware, there are timing differences between billings and operating cash flow. So cash flow lags billings by 30 days or more and can sometimes actually roll into the following quarter. We also have more continuing to invest in our business, which impacts our cash outflows and the timing of large payments to suppliers is also a factor, so the operating cash flow number is little more complex than billings, as youve got things going both directions, they've got more ins and outs. On your second, we really look at operating cash flow on an annual basis. There's a lot of seasonality with cash flow ins and outs between the quarters and so we don't really believe that guiding to it on a quarterly basis really get too much insight into the business. There will be some new disclosures that you will get under the new accounting standards as well and well talk more about that next quarter, when we start disclosing those metrics and there will be things around unearned revenue, as well as each total future revenue under contract.
Karl Keirstead: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Walter Pritchard with City. Your line is open.
Walter Pritchard: Hi. Thanks. A question for Aneel. Just on financials, it seems like, a couple years ago, I wouldnt have thought you would bring in product that might try to bridge customers from an existing financial products and it feels like maybe that business has evolved more slowly than you expected. I'm wondering have youd all change your view of -- the size of the financials opportunity, the timing of the financials opportunity and as a result your pace of investment in that product area?
Aneel Bhusri: No. We are still very optimistic and fiscal year 2017 was a great year. I mean, we are now at 320 core financial customers and at this point in HR. It was a foregone conclusion that the market was moving in that direction and thats how we feel. I think for some of the larger companies though, they view core counting the way some of our large customers view payroll, something that works doesnt have user interface, maybe lets push that down the road, but what they want is all the functionality from the reporting, the analytics, the planning and planning really opened up this threat and if you were think about it to take the analogy of one of our competitors. They talk about their financial wins, but it's really about [ph] Hyperion (30:09) and what we're seeing is that market around financial planning -- Performance Management is just a very hot market right now and if the customer has Workday HR payroll, Workday Financial Performance Management we are getting at the core accounting now or later, its just a matter of time. So if anything, I think, the market opportunity has grown. Two years ago we wont even thinking about being in the performance management phase and today planning and Financial Performance Management is really new growth sector for us that has surpassed our expectations.
Walter Pritchard: And Robynne, could you just help clarify, theres been a couple large deals that youve announced and acknowledged and I think lot of investors are trying to understand whats in those or what from those deals is in the billings and cash flow we saw say this quarter and in the January quarter than what we will see in April. Just generally how those sorts of large deals are rolling out in terms of billings and cash flow progression?
Robynne Sisco: Yeah, Walter. So we can't talk about specific terms on specific customer contracts. Needless to say, these deals didn't happen overnight. They were in our pipeline and so we've built large deals, as well as all of our other deals into the guidance that we've provided.
Walter Pritchard: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Keith Weiss: Thanks. And thank you guys for taking the question. I think, both of these are actually for Robynne. One, I was hoping you could just help me understand a little bit better of why the new accounting standard means you can't give billings growth, I didnt make that sort of any connection very well? And two, on the operating cash flow guidance, maybe to double down on Karls question. Is there anything in particular thats happening in the upcoming fiscal year that would significantly sort of take away or add to that operating cash flow number that we should be to, yeah, thinking about in terms of other working capital accounts?
Robynne Sisco: Yeah. Keith, so to answer your first one, its not specific to the new standard, but what happens one of the impacts of the new standard is that the revenue recognition of the contract is completely divorced from the invoicing schedule. And so due to this, as well as our increase in compounding seasonality we've been experiencing, the increase in contract complexity and variability we've been experiencing. We believe this metric is increasingly less relevant for gauging our business progress, so we thought this was the perfect time to move away from it and towards something that we focus more on internally, which is the operating cash flow. In terms of your second question on operating cash flow, there is really a lot of ins and outs. Keep in mind that operating cash flow does not include capital spend either on our datacenters or for our owned real estate, but there are a lot of fluctuations in the timing of when cash comes in the door from customers and goes out for supplier payments and even payroll. So those are all factored in.
Keith Weiss: Got it. And maybe one follow up for Aneel, so if operating cash flow is kind of sort of a new -- sort of metric if you will for looking at growth. I think you have talked about this in the past about your ability to sustain topline growth 30% for some time. Is there a similar sort of long-term target where we should be thinking about for operating cash flow growth?
Aneel Bhusri: I think that question is for Robynne too. I would say that, I feel especially coming up in Q4, I do feel comfortable with the 30% topline growth that as relates to operating cash flow set back to Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah. I think over the long-term we would expect that operating cash flow would get closer to our revenue growth number, but as we are investing more in our business and we continue to expand internationally and hire very strategically and aggressively, it's going to be lower for some time.
Keith Weiss: Okay. Excellent. Thats very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Zukin with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Alex Zukin: Thank you. The first one is for Aneel. Aneel, can you talk about what the new division of roles is going to be between Phil and Chano, where they overlap and is there any way to qualify what youve believe to be kind of the changes in from a sales management and distribution perspective versus this time last year?
Aneel Bhusri: Yeah. So very simply put, Phils been our Co-President now for two years and he was also acting as the worldwide Head of Sales and had other responsibilities including services, strategic customers, product marketing. So there were a lot of things on Phils plate. So it was natural at some point to pick somebody to run worldwide sales, and frankly, we've been talking about the change with Chano for last couple years and going into this year as we look to past $2 billion and we have a goal of being a much larger company, it was the right time to do it. We didn't even think about looking outside. We knew we have the right person internally and it's time for us to have a standard way of going to market across the globe and Chanos way is a great way. So I'm very, very excited about him in that role and him working with Phil. I think the added benefit is we now probably have three of us who are very focused on large multinational opportunities and getting involved with them.
Alex Zukin: Got it. Thats helpful and may be, sorry.
Aneel Bhusri: I was going to ask Phil to add things he liked too?
Philip Wilmington: No. I think, thats very true. I think the discipline that Chano brings and consistency. Consistency globally is very important for all of our global customers and our go-to-market strategy. And as it relates to the second part of your question in comparison the changes that weve made last year at this time, anything that weve announced today in terms of changes or last week when we announced these changes at our sales kickoff meeting, are very consistent with the foundation that we built over the last couple of years. The total clarity in our organization for mid enterprise was set up a few years ago and now has taken -- we have taken the next logical step, this same is true with Chano, I think, its a very consistent approach.
Alex Zukin: Got it. Thats helpful. Maybe one follow-up for Robynne, can you talk about any changes in contract duration or terms or pricing or what in your mind is kind of leading to that -- we see backlog growth reaccelerating. Is that, whats driving that?
Robynne Sisco: Yeah. There are many factors that impacted backlog growth, particularly the timing and size of renewals and that renewals number is becoming increasingly larger as we grow. Also the duration of new contracts can have an impact on that as well. So, also one thing to note is that we will not be providing backlog going forward as the requirements under the new rules give different disclosure requirements. So we will have some new disclosures for you instead of backlog starting in Q1.
Alex Zukin: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Justin Furby from William Blair. Your line is open.
Justin Furby: Thanks, guys. Just two questions, first, Aneel, I am curious about the regular business, you clearly have a lot of mega enterprise activity. I want to know about -- sort of the regular enterprise in mid market and so sort what are you -- we are seeing there and your expectations going forward. And then you said you are comfortable with 30% in response to Keith question. I guess, how long, is that three-year, five-year, what were you referring to and you said that and I have got one quick follow-up for Robynne? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: So, it was a strong quarter across the Board. Our win rates were some of the highest and where we had stronger win rates. Frankly, we are in versus historical numbers was in the medium enterprise segment against the likes of ultimate enough suite. So really it was strong across the Board. The win rates against SAP and Oracle were as high as they have been in recent memory, but wed also picked up some share points in that medium enterprise segment as well. So, I think, that bodes well for our organizational strategy going into this year. And 30% growth rate, there are so many things that factor into that, I would say that as we look at a planning horizon, we look out two years, beyond two years, I'd be guessing and I am not -- Id rather not guess, but comfortably in two year, ask me in a year and it might be still two years and just keep pushing up right now as we plan and looking at pipelines I feel comfortable with that timeframe.
Justin Furby: So basically no real deceleration in fiscal 19, I mean, is that just given financials in your view that will continue to inflect or what drives the confidence in that?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, we went into last year, hoping to reaccelerate the business and it did. So that provide some confidence going into this year that we now have the more products we have, the more coverage we have, and frankly, lots of our competitors ability is to get customers live, it really bodes well for us to continue to see high growth rates in the business. And I think that last piece, I have been hopping on it for two years now, but it is beginning to catch up with our main legacy competitors. They have just cannot produce referenceable customers at any scale which is why we added 13 Fortune 500 customers to the Workday platform and that's that same platform is a one we use for HR, the same one we use for financials and I think this point of customer success is going to come back to haunt those two companies, lack of customer success in their case.
Justin Furby: Got it. Thank you. And then, Robynne, just quickly, last quarter you offered mid 20 Subscription billings guidance for 18, that seems like the mood is clearly better now than it was in early December. So, I guess, is it fair to say that you feel similar to better about that growth number if we werent going through these accounting changes? Thanks.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah. I mean, we are just not going to give guidance on billings, Justin, now or going forward. But, obviously, we had a great Q4. We are feeling good about this coming year and so let me just leave with that.
Aneel Bhusri: I would just say, we feel better right now than we did in during the earnings call for Q3, about -- less about our business but more about where the market is.
Justin Furby: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo.
Phil Winslow: Hi. Thank you guys for taking my question. You guys done a great end of the year. Aneel, just want to double click on planning again, you made some interesting comments about just sort of how you in terms of sort of position is offering just sort of unify manner but then also into the -- into other companies install basis. Would you think about just sort of the feedback that youd been getting since a launch of planning and then also sort of your go-to-market intentions, why dont if you just kind of double click on that planning, kind of what proof point are you think we should look to hear for planning?
Aneel Bhusri: We are two quarters into it and we have a 111 planning customers. We are two quarters into learning and I think the numbers right about the same. I think its 105 and 106. So if you just look at it from that perspective, where we have a very significant HR install base, youd expect it that learning taking off like it did. Now learning is ahead of plan. The planning is well ahead of where we thought it would be and is clearly hitting a pain point around the budgeting planning forecasting area and as we bring out this FPM product and there is a very well-defined FPM marketplace is clearly striking a core not with just medium sized companies but with Fortune 500 companies. I mentioned that five companies are -- five Fortune 500 companies have signed up for planning those includes Wal-Mart, Nationwide, Stryker and Netflix. Those are big names and for us it's a great way to again we have got HCM, we have got planning, we are really well-positioned to run the tables within that enterprise when they do move their transactional platform as well. and I would --Id also say, in the second half of the year also due to customer demand this Workday PRISM Analytics which allows you to explore both Workday data and other third-party data and get things around customer profitability, gets a things that really involve multiple data sets, thats also another boost for both the financials play and the HR market.
Phil Winslow: Well, my follow-up is actually going to be on PRISM, so you actually answer that question. So thanks for that and congrats again.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heather Bellini: Hi. Great. Thank you. I just had a couple quick, while two quick ones and then one additional one. And just to start off, I was wondering if any of the rhetoric around ACA impacted deal signings in the quarter, we heard that from some of the other companies in payroll recently. So I was just wondering if you saw anything there. And then, I had a question just related to, I know you guys haven't disclosed it in a while, but billing from renewals, if that would something that that you guys were going to share? And then my last question was for Robynne, just the revenue guide for fiscal 1Q and the full year. Is there anyway maybe youve said this and I missed it, but the -- what the impact was related to the transition to fix effects, just we can compare apples-to-apples versus what was said on last quarter's call?
Aneel Bhusri: So, on ACA [inaudible] and I asked Phil, no impact at all. Frankly, that never crossed my radar. In terms of renewals
Heather Bellini: Renewals.
Aneel Bhusri: I will just say is, it was over 100%.
Robynne Sisco: Yeah.
Heather Bellini: Okay.
Robynne Sisco: And we are not going to provide any guidance under the old standard, Heather. But it's reasonable to assume that the impact for FY18 is not that different from the impact to 17 on new standard.
Heather Bellini: Okay.
Robynne Sisco:  with is something like you have.
Heather Bellini: Yeah. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Kash Rangan: Hi. Thank you very much. Let me offer my congratulations. Aneel, sometime back you said that financials as a percentage of net new ACV could reach about 50% of the companys net new ACV in the few years from now. I wondering if you can just give us an update on how you think about financials as a percentage of net new ACV and/or should we be thinking about other aspects of the company, planning product, analytics products, et cetera, that should really be considered as a larger context, not just be narrowly focused on financials? Thats it for me. Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, so, first of all, our definition of financials, I will put into three chunks. There is core financials, which is basically core accounting, general leader, APAR asset management. The second bucket is Financial Performance Management, which includes planning. And the third is spend, which is procurement and expenses. So all three of those categories are part of the financials product line and is why we're bullish that is going to continue to become a bigger and bigger part of our business. I don't know when it is 50% of new of net new ACV, but its a -- we expect it to start moving significantly down that path this year and without getting into lot of detail, we have a lot of conference both and the people, the pipeline and the incentives to make that happen.
Kash Rangan: Got it. And if I could slip in one on the PP&E side, certainly for your -- for the size of the company, it is a big number, how should we think -- we would be thinking about the payoff in terms of how big these markets can be, how much this CapEx can different so far incremental Subscription revenues or big new absentees? Thats it for me. Thanks.
Robynne Sisco: Hey, Kash, its Robynne. Our CapEx spend is primarily around our customer datacenters and so that then continues to grow as we increase our customer base. There is also some spend in there on facilities for expansions internationally.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Davis, Canaccord. Your line is open.
Richard Davis: Okay. Thanks. Aneel, you kind of touched on it, but do you feel that the mid market HR effort is button-down sufficiently to the point where if I was a salesman on that product, this was just kind of year of executions. In other words that the ducks in a row, you got the TCO down in the right spot, et cetera, sweet spot in the quarter right now? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Every sale is hard work, but I would say, whats different from last year, last year I had a sales rep level, we were split between large enterprise and medium enterprise. When you got to the national level a given regions, say, like the eastern region had coverage for both large enterprise and medium enterprise. This year we have taken it to the point where there is a senior executive who reports, the two senior executives report directly to Chano who responsible individually for large enterprise and medium enterprise, at a sales level, at a regional level, at a sales support level and importantly at a services level. And the services level is key, because you go into a project and one day you are bidding on Fortune 50 company. The next day you are bidding services on a 1,000 person high growth company and they require very different types of bids, and so now we have services model that is very align with the sales model. I think that's probably the biggest boost going into this year.
Richard Davis: Got it. Thank you so much.
Aneel Bhusri: We have time for two more questions.
Operator: We will now take two more questions. Our next question comes from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much and congrats on the quarter. Aneel, weve spoke at the end of last year, the couple things you brought up, given around fiscal 17, was the idea that some of the enterprise adoption financials was little bit slower than you guys said obviously hope for it very high end of market and its sounds like you have some products out right now that you think [Technical Difficult] (48:45) or at least get people to sort of take a look at the product where special around EPM. I was just curious, with the split between enterprise and medium size, so say, the enterprise and medium size sales arms. Is there real change in terms of what quarter bearing reps would be carrying in either of those organizations may, I was trying to get sense on, is there going to be higher emphasis on sort of specialist that can come in, in the medium -- I was just trying to get sense of there was any sort of change on how, what they were carrying in their bag? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: So, in terms of the reps across the globe, they will carry all products in their bag. For large enterprise in North America, we have assigned a handful of reps who are going to focus on the highest priority accounts and have direct quarter responsibility, these are reps that really know our financial products well and some ways our financial experts and they will have primary account responsibility for select group of accounts that really fit our profile and that number is less than 100, but its a very important group of accounts.
Kirk Materne: Okay. And just maybe one follow-up for Robynne. Robynne, with 606 and I might be mistaken on this, I think, we get more details just in terms of your filings just surround contracted business and I assume we will get more disclosures on that front, the guidance is still going to be predicated just on sort of an annual operating cash flow, is that fair assumption?
Robynne Sisco: Thats correct.
Kirk Materne: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your last question comes from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. Your line is open.
Raimo Lenschow: Hi. Thanks for that. Can I just follow-on on Kirks question here. If you get contracted business but not billed and the way we could calculate almost what your bookings was. Is there some error in my thinking? You obviously differs to talk about that. And will you give us this kind of metrics looking backwards as well as now or did that really start in Q1?
Robynne Sisco: It -- so its starts in Q1, although, you will get the Q4 balance at time and really that the disclosure is it future subscription revenue and so it will vary unlike backlog did based on the duration of the contracts, the timing of renewals and other such things, so it will be somewhat similar to backlog, but backlog represented future billings and this disclosure will represent future revenue, so slight difference there.
Raimo Lenschow: Okay. And one quick one for Aneel if I may. Hey, Aneel, the -- if you look at the your planning like if you have after conversations, how deep is your planning goal in terms of kind of running the whole customer business where is more deep or like more business units and how do -- what do you think in terms of how quickly you can get these guys to convince to go to full Workday, I think, including the core then, is that kind of like, do you see the new normal will be kind of more modern planning platform and people just leave the old legacy stuff to do the accounting or do you think that will eventually change?
Aneel Bhusri: No. I think people, I think, 606 is a great example. People going to have to change their core accounting platforms and then medium enterprise and now several large enterprise companies they are changing out there accounting platforms, frankly, this planning opportunity is a sound opportunity we were able to move quickly into the market and basically get another revenue stream. So I don't see people deferring their core accounting issues, because 606 is the first of many changes coming down the path, if you're running Oracle or SAP financials, you are going to have a lot of time getting to 606 with Workday is great up by Robynne and her team, but the platform enabled that and I think theres a lot of people that are going to take notice how quickly we move to a very important revenue recognition standard, which you have to start with the underlying accounting system. On the FPM opportunity, it's not departmental, it's enterprise-wide, most companies are using it for financial planning and analysis, some are using it for basically for human capital planning. With this new SKU that basically couples planning with consolidations, management reporting and analytics, it's very attractive then can be run by many Fortune 500 companies along with their HR system and I think it just sets you up to a place core accounting down the road. Again, I will use the analogy, core accounting looks very similar to us as weve now look at all the data the payroll. There are many cases in the first several years of HR where we won the HR deal, but they dont want to touch payroll and now our payroll attach rate is over 60%. And people came back after they went live on core Workday HR, again, lets move to that, lets unify that platform, I think the same thing will happen with core accounting, if they don't choose core accounting up front.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect. Very clear. Thank you and well done.
Operator: We thank you for participation in todays earnings call. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2016-12-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: James Redfern - VP, Corporate Development Aneel Bhusri - Chief Executive Officer Robynne Sisco - Chief Financial Officer Phil Wilmington - Co-President
Analysts: Brent Thill - UBS Justin Furby - William Blair & Company Mark Murphy - JPMorgan Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Pat Walravens - JMP Securities Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Alex Zukin - Piper Jaffray Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets Derrick Wood - Cowen and Company
Operator: Welcome to the Workdays Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand it over to Mr. James Redfern.
James Redfern:  [technical difficulty] fiscal 2017 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; Robynne Sisco, our CFO; Mark Peek and Phil Wilmington, our Co-Presidents. Following Aneel and Robynnes prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after closes market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate, and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations, and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures including non-GAAP operating profit and operating margins. These non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of share-based compensation, employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and debt discount and issuance costs associated with our convertible notes. We will also discuss free cash flows which are defined as cash flows from operations less certain capital expenditures other than owned real estate projects. These non-GAAP financial measures, which are used as measures of Workdays performance, should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or in isolation from, GAAP results. In addition on todays call, we will discuss forward outlook for non-GAAP operating margins. A reconciliation of our forward outlook for non-GAAP operating margins with our forward-looking GAAP operating margins is not available without unreasonable efforts as a quantification of stock-based compensation expense required additional inputs such as number of shares granted and market price that are not ascertainable. You can find additional disclosers regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. Also the customer's page for our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations' link. Our fourth quarter quiet period begins at the close of business January 15th, 2017. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2016. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, James, and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining our third quarter analyst call today. I'm pleased to report that Q3 was another strong quarter for Workday as we saw healthy demand across all major geographies and industries. On the HCM front, we added great new customers including State Street Corporation, GE Appliances, Couche-Tard, the big retailer in Canada, Phillips Lighting, a spinout from existing customer Phillips, Covestro [ph] Deutschland in Germany, and KONE Corporation in Finland. We also had an excellent quarter in terms of adoption of our financial suite of applications. As we mentioned at Workday Rising in September, we're thrilled to add Panera and Denny's to our growing list of large financials customers. Other additions in Q3 include Iowa State University, the metropolitan Washington Airports Authority and Zillow. Lastly, we also added a prominent large investment management company as a new financials customer. We will be disclosing their name in the upcoming months. As always our key focus is brining customers' lives successfully; more than 70% are in production and recent deployments include Airbus Group, Centrica, First Financial Bank, ING Group, and St. Luke's Health System. In the third quarter, we also hosted our Annual User's Conference, Workday Rising. The show was a smashing success by all accounts, over 7,000 attendees, including 4,300 customers representing 947 organizations. Additionally we had over 600 prospects, representing 254 organizations, our strongest prospect showing at Rising in the history of the company. During the conference, we unveiled our annual customer satisfaction rating which this year came in at 97%. We continue to believe our ability to deliver high levels of customer success is a unique differentiator in our marketplace. During Workday Rising, we also announced a general availability of three new products, Workday Planning, Workday Learning, and Workday Student. We're seeing strong demand across the board for these new applications with particular excitement around Workday Planning. Indeed one quarter move from its initial delivery, we have already signed up over 70 customers for our revolutionary new Planning application. Just a few weeks ago, we had a similarly positive User Conference in Barcelona for our European customers and prospects. Since the event technically happened in Q4, I will save the update on that event for our next earnings call. I will end my comments with our view of the current market environment. During Q3, we saw no real change in the overall competitive dynamics in our key markets and our win rates against major competitors remain the same. We continue to lead with product differentiation, technology innovation and real customer success and this approach continues to work well for us. However, one recent development worth mentioning is slippage of some large deals early in Q4. Specifically, we have seen a few multinational prospects delay their projects. Some attribute the delay to global uncertainties such as Brexit, the U.S. Presidential Election and pending elections in other G8 countries. We suspected and hope these are isolated events that will be short-lived, but felt it was noteworthy enough to mention on this call. Other than that, our pipeline for both HCM and financial product lines is healthy and growing as we head into the remainder of Q4 and then onto fiscal year 2018 I will now pass it over to our great CFO, Robynne Sisco who will share more color on the financial aspects of our business. Take it away Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us. Let me start with our results from the third quarter of fiscal 2017. We are pleased to once again generate record quarterly revenues and solid derived billings growth. We continue to exhibit strong momentum and growing our business at scale and we want to thank our employees for their continued dedication and our new and existing customers for their loyal support. Our total revenue for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 was $410 million, an increase of 34% from a year ago. Within that number, subscription revenue grew 38% to $336 million. Our Q3 professional services revenue was $74 million or growth of 18%. Our total derived billings, which is the sum of revenue and the sequential change in total unearned revenue, were $454 million for the third quarter or growth of 33% over last year. Subscription billings, which is the sum of subscription revenue and the sequential change in total unearned revenue, grew 37% to $380 million. Our non-GAAP operating profit for the third quarter was $4 million or an operating margin of 1%. This was better than we had expected and largely due to topline over performance and slower than expected hiring during Q3. In the quarter, we did not see any material impact from FX changes in general. While we are pleased with our margin performance in Q3, which indicates the increasing profitability of our model, we continue to prioritize topline growth over margins given the large opportunities still ahead of us. Our trailing 12-month operating cash flow for the quarter was $338 million, up 62% year-over-year. Our trailing 12-month free cash flow was $207 million, up 162% year-over-year. Note that in calculating our 12-month free cash flow, we have excluded $85 million related to our owned real estate investments as we consider such investments non-recurring in nature. We have over $1.9 billion of cash and marketable securities on our balance sheet, which continues to demonstrate the strengths of our business and provides more than ample cash for our capital expansion and strategic M&A. In addition, total unearned revenue at the end of Q3 reached a milestone level of over $1 billion and is up 43% year-over-year. Current unearned revenue which will be recognized over the next 12 months was $900 million or annual growth of 44%. The long-term nature of our contracts combined with our high levels of customer satisfaction is visible in our future subscription revenue and this continues to give us confidence in the sustained strength of our business. We added over 400 net new employees this quarter bringing our total employee count to over 6,400. We continue to enjoy an employee turnover rate that we believe is among the lowest in our industry. Let me now turn to guidance. As Aneel mentioned, during November, we saw expected close date slip on some large contracts. These delays have impacted our subscription revenue estimates for Q4 and fiscal year 2017. For fiscal 2017, we are raising the range of our estimated derived billings and now expect billings to be $1.887 billion to $1.892 billion or 32% growth. We estimate that our subscription revenue for fiscal 2017 will be $1.282 billion to $1.285 billion or growth of 38%. Additionally, we now expect professional services revenue for FY 2017 to be $278 million, representing growth of 19% and total revenues to be $1.560 billion to $1.563 billion or 34% growth. We continue to expect annual backlog growth in excess of 50%. Based on the fiscal 2017 guidance, we expect Q4 derived billings, which is the sum of total revenue and the sequential change in unearned revenue, to be approximately $630 million to $635 million or 25% to 26% annual growth. We expect Q4 subscription revenue to be $360 million to $363 million or 38% to 39% growth year-over-year with professional services growth slowing to 9% year-over-year to $67 million. As a result, we expect Q4 total revenue of between $427 million and $430 million or growth of 32% to 33%. We continue to prioritize growth over margins while maintaining our long-term goal of 20% plus non-GAAP operating margins. We expect Q4 non-GAAP operating margins to be a loss of 2% to approximately breakeven, reflecting normal Q4 seasonality as annual sales compensation plans conclude. Our non-GAAP operating margin for fiscal 2017 is expected to be approximately 1%. The GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter and FY 2017 is expected to be approximately 26 to 27 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margin, due primarily to the impact of share-based compensation expense. Let me turn to CapEx. When calculating our free cash flow, we're excluding owned real estate projects as we consider these to be non-recurring in nature. Excluding these projects, our CapEx in the third quarter was $28 million and $131 million on a trailing 12-month basis. We expect CapEx for fiscal 2017 excluding owned real estate projects to be approximately $150 million. We continue to expect capital expenses related to our owned real estate investment projects for FY 2017 to be approximately $125 million. We expect operating cash flow growth to approximate growth in billings for fiscal 2017. While we are early in our fiscal 2018 planning cycle, we're currently modeling 30% subscription revenue growth next year, which takes into account our expectation of a continued headwind from flexible terms. We expect FY 2018 subscription billings growth to be in the mid-20s. Due to the compounding effect of increasing seasonality and variability in the timing of recurring and renewal billings, we currently expect Q1 subscription billings growth rate in the low teens. We remain committed to measured incremental non-GAAP margin improvement in FY 2018. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Brent Thill: Thank you. Good afternoon. Aneel just on some of the slipped deals you mentioned on the multinational side, can you just give us a sense, do those deals -- are they technically won or are they still kind of going through the technical [back] [ph] office you will and a quick follow-up for Robynne.
Aneel Bhusri: It's still early, it was just the first month of the quarter and so we're still waiting to see how it plays out. I'd say there were a handful of large multinationals, a couple in the financial services space that are trying to figure out what Brexit means and now what our Presidential Election means to them and they just said hey we're going to hold off on making a final decision. I think in both cases, we're selected. So, its not a competitive dynamic, it's much more of a uncertainty issue and this is coming directly from the CEO of these companies.
Brent Thill: Okay. And Robynne just when you mentioned 30% subscription growth for 2018 and the headwind still on flexible terms, can just help us understand what -- are you seeing more of the same in terms of the behavior from customers asking for these flexible terms, is that -- or is that increased as of late?
Robynne Sisco: No, it hasnt increased. We just expect that it will continue along the path that we've been on all this year into next year and that the compounding effect of multiple years of doing this won't flip until FY 2019 where it becomes a net neutral.
Brent Thill: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The question is from Justin Furby from William Blair & Company.
Justin Furby: Yes, thanks. I just -- a quick question for either Aneel or Phil. Just on the guidance for next year, the 30% growth, do you think that we've hit a point where HR and international from the other non-financials' markets can sort of sustain that growth or do you feel like for you to hit that number or be that financials has to become a more meaningful part of the mix next year. Can you give any sense I guess for what that mix looks like today on a new business basis? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: We're -- I would say we're pleased with how Q3 shaped up from a bookings perspective on financials. Maybe we'll give a year end look after end of Q4. I think we expect financials to continue to perform well next year, but we're not looking for any step functions increase in growth and financials. The HR business is very healthy and it's growing very rapidly outside of the U.S. and growing quite nicely in the U.S. So, I think the 30% number is one we feel comfortable with for at least the next few years depending on -- I think the business can continue to grow at a nice clip and may be even reaccelerate when the financials really becomes a bigger part of the business.
Justin Furby: Okay, got it. And then just for Robynne, just to be clear Robynne is the idea that in that 30% guidance, is that another five points of headwind or what's the right way to think about fiscal 2018 in terms of the headwinds that you're baking at? Thank you.
Robynne Sisco: Yes, the headwind we expect next year is not dissimilar from what we've experienced this current year.
Justin Furby: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Murphy from JPMorgan.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Thank you very much. So, Aneel heading into Q4, how are you handicapping the ability of your quota carriers to deliver successfully on the targets for Workday financials which were structured into the quotas for your broader sales teams earlier this year? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Aneel Bhusri: I'll probably defer that one to Phil; he's closer to that detail.
Phil Wilmington: Let me make sure I understand the question. In terms of you say handicap, is it in terms of predicting the ability for the model to perform?
Mark Murphy: Yes, correct. So, I believe they were given - a portion of their quota for this year was allocated to financials in some manner of speaking so I think there was a bit of a change in that structure coming into this year, I'm wondering how you think it will play out?
Phil Wilmington: I think quotas were not product-specific, but responsibilities to carry the product line, you're accurate, we gave the responsibility of the entire product line to the sales force. We're pleased with the number of platform deals and the progress there. We've seen -- as we said, a little bit slower in the large end of the market by some of the pushback we've seen now, but overall, we're pleased with the progress that the model has provided. And I think it will work going forward.
Mark Murphy: Okay. And then as a follow-up, Aneel, I think we don't normally hear about deal slippage early in the quarter. I think commonly we hear about that at the end of a quarter. I think because presumably the deals could still be closed later in this quarter. So, I'm just wondering are you conveying that it's just going to be a little more backend loaded quarter or do you see the potential for that slippage to may be extend a bit beyond the end of Q4 here and into next year?
Aneel Bhusri: I would say that I hope it's a backend loaded quarter. We'll see how this uncertainty subsides and I would say we don't see any of that uncertainty in the midmarket -- middle sized -- medium-sized companies are mostly U.S. based, but people that are -- entities that are global in particular in financial services, they have expressed that uncertainty and I think the dust will settle and we'll end up on a really good note in Q4. But we're conservative and when we see something happen in the marketplace, we feel like it's our duty to share that with investors.
Mark Murphy: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Raimo Lenschow from Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Two quick questions. Aneel one of your competitors pointed out weakness in the HR space, weakness in the international side and that they cited more issues around data, where the data is residing post-Brexit et cetera. Is that kind of what you see or is it really like more macroeconomic uncertainty that's playing out there? And then I saw you on stage yesterday at AWS, congratulations, it's now the second cloud provider that you're kind of working with, how do you see long-term infrastructure strategy playing out now with kind of two guys that you want to work with going forward? Thank you,
Aneel Bhusri: Sure. On the first one the data sovereignty issues havent really been raised with Workday and I think it's because we've got such a good story in Europe for data sovereignty. We have the two data centers and we have an ability for European customers to keep all of their data in Europe without having anything leaked back to the U.S. So, that has not been an issue. And I wouldnt call it macroeconomic concerns. I think its macro-political concerns, waiting to see what happens in Italy, waiting to see what happens in France. There's just some uncertainty. I personally believe this uncertainty will go away and it's early enough in the quarter where we can -- where we have time to make it up, but there's definitely uncertainty in the marketplace that candidly we haven't seen from that political environment in quite some time.
Raimo Lenschow: Okay. And on the data center side?
Aneel Bhusri: On the data center side, so we basically have two partnerships, one for dev test with IBM, public cloud with Amazon, in the case of Amazon, an AWS. We're on the hook for delivering pair of Canadian data centers, so we're going to launch in Canada with Amazon. I suspect for data solvency issues coming up; we'll also have other customer facing data center opportunities that will also go into the public cloud. Our view is pretty simple. Over time the players out there are building great infrastructure and the more we can leverage it rather than having to build it ourselves, the more it allows us to focus on building great applications. And so when we started Workday, there really wasnt a public cloud to leverage. Now, as there is, we need to make sure that we take advantage of it so that we really can put our efforts into where we differentiate our products and running infrastructure is not that. So, I think you'll -- I don't know, you're not going to see any more announcements. I think we've pretty much said who are we work with, those two vendors and from here on, we're going to hopefully work more closely with both of them.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Kirk Materne from Evercore.
Kirk Materne: Yes, thanks very much. Aneel I was wondering on the planning side, obviously, a great early start with so many customers on Planning, about how long is it going to take to get some of those customers into production to start fueling or providing more example for others that it works and also start to make the financial sale -- potentially more strategic as you integrate Planning? I'm trying to sense of when we can start seeing some of these Planning customers up and running? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes, we'll start seeing Planning customers go live in mass in the Q1 timeframe is my best guess based on our current set of go lives. I think the more points -- proof points we have, the more people are buying into it. The message is definitely working. We have a lot of very exciting large companies in the pipeline for financials and Planning is a key component of it. We just need to see those through the fruition and see them closeout. But it clearly is going to change the dynamic of the conversation and I think going live with the budget customers in Q1 will only help that.
Kirk Materne: If I can ask a really quick other one for Robynne. Just what these infrastructure partnerships with IBM and now AWS, does that change anything, we should be thinking about from a CapEx perspective longer time? I assume that it probably doesnt move the needle all that dramatically, but I was just curious? Thanks.
Robynne Sisco: Yes, that's right. I mean in the short-term in the next several years, we don't expect any meaningful impact at all. Longer-term, obviously, we hope that we will get margin improvement based on these partnerships.
Operator: The next question is from Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you guys for taking the question. A question about the guidance, particular Q1 guidance and for FY 2018. Is there an extra layer of conservatism because of these slip deals that are being applied to those. You talked about renewal day, I guess another way to asking the question, would Q1 -- would that drop down in subscription billings growth, would that be as steep if it wasnt for the conservatism around slip deals, or is that more so just renewal base dynamic?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, it's really just about the compounding seasonality that we have in Q1 as we get more and more seasonal each year and then you've got variability and when renewals come up and other such things in the billing cycle. So, it really doesn't have anything to do with the deal slippage that we're saying today. And keep in mind that we're are early in our planning cycle for 2018. We do some substantial amount of our FY 2017 business will be done in Q4 and so we really need to see how Q4 plays out. And we'll give you more details about FY 2018 in the next earnings call.
Keith Weiss: Got it. So, that's a level of seasonality that we should probably be thinking about longer term in our models, just Q1 being more seasonal than -- much more seasonal than we've seen historically?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, that's correct.
Keith Weiss: Got it. And then one maybe for Aneel. In terms of some of the M&A activity that's been going on in the SI, with your SI partners, can you talk to us how some of those relationships are developing post some of that acquisition and whether sort of the strengthening of those relationships is living up to your expectations?
Aneel Bhusri: Well it's still early. They -- the two big ones Wipro's purchase of Appirio and Accenture's purchase of DayNine. I'm not even sure they've closed yet. But the early signals are pretty positive. They are both leaving -- Accenture and Wipro are both leaving Appirio and DayNine basically intact and letting them operate. And that's really what we had hoped they would do. We wanted them to let those well-functioning smaller organizations operate but with the resources and connections of a large organization. So, at this point, we're hopeful. It's definitely brought us into more strategic conversations with both Accenture and Wipro and we love the fact that big players are doubling down on the Workday ecosystem. So far so good is what I would say but we're very -- we're watching it very carefully.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you. I guess Aneel I had a question and I was wondering a little bit of a follow-up I'll attach to it. If we look back to since you went public, you had a tendency of really exceeding your full year forecast by a wide margin and over the last few years, we've seen the magnitude of those beats compress. I'm just wondering is this because financial maybe has taken a little bit longer to really take off and you thought is there something behind that that we should be thinking about.
Aneel Bhusri: Honestly, I think it's more than anything else; it's just a large numbers. We're now a big organization, 6,400 people. We do a better job of planning our markets easier to predict and I think we come in pretty close to where we plan. I'm very happy with where financials has taken off in the marketplace in terms of platform deals in the mid-market. Would I like to see more attraction in large enterprises? Absolutely. To me it's just a matter of time and when that large enterprise market really takes off, right now its -- we're getting some nice wins like Denny's and Panera and the big financial services company that we're not allowed to mention yet. I think as those companies go live, we're going to see a step function in the way that people adopt financials and that will be an important point for us along our trajectory. I don't envision a world in three or four years where people are running SAP and Oracle and PeopleSoft financial systems, I just don't see that being the case. And if you look at historically, the mid-market is where technology adoption happens first. We saw and that we've been successful that market has already shifted over to the cloud; it's just a matter time before the high end of the enterprise flips over as well. When it happens, I think we've got a pretty good sense. I'd love to see it happen faster, but we don't control when the market flips.
Heather Bellini: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Pat Walravens from JMP Securities.
Pat Walravens: Great. Thank you. I have two. So, Phil, just sort of big picture, I'm wondering if you're satisfied with the performance of the sales organization and the changes you've made. And if there's anything else that you think -- any other changes you think you need to make for next year? And then I guess maybe Aneel, so have you seen any benefits yet from Oracle's acquisition of NetSuite?
Phil Wilmington: I guess on the first part, we're pleased with the progress of the salesforce. I think there are always things that you're looking to do to improve and to make more efficient and effective your distribution channel. But I don't foresee any major changes that we would make going forward. We're pleased with the progress. I think stay in the course the additions that we'll make will be in markets of expansion. We're very pleased with the progress we made in EMEA and APJ. We'll continue to pursue those, but no major changes in the horizon.
Aneel Bhusri: On the NetSuite front, I'd love to say yes to your question, but it's too early. Well, I think we'll know a lot more. Ask that question again at the end of Q4 where we have some competes against NetSuite and I think we'll be able to answer that in a more definitive way.
Pat Walravens: Okay. Will do. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Karl Keirstead from Deutsche Bank.
Karl Keirstead: Great. Thanks. Aneel you mentioned that with respect to financials, you're not really looking for a step function growth in fiscal 2018. Maybe I'm wrong, but it feels like in prior calls, you sort of suggested we were getting closer to an inflection point. So, I just clarify is this you being a little bit more conservative around the financial trajectory perhaps in light of this uncertainty you flagged? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: No, I didn't say I didn't expect if that's where it came across. I don't know when it's going to happen, that step function. It could happen in fiscal year 2018. All the signs are there in the pipeline. The pipeline has grown really nicely. We've seen the traction with Planning; we've now got a large number of financial customers live on the system. So, all the things are happening. When does a large number Fortune 500 accounts close in the same quarter, I'm not going to try to predict that. Do I think there's a chance that we have a step function in the next fiscal year? Absolutely.
Karl Keirstead: Okay. Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: The market is there.
Karl Keirstead: Got it. Understand. And then if I could do a follow-up with Robynne. Robynne if I could just go back to Keith's question around the guide for Q1 subscription billings, it's a fairly market the change from the subscription billings growth you just posted, so do you mind just elaborating on the key reasons why it's decelerating so much if it is seasonality what's causing that? If it's renewal activity, what's causing that? Maybe a little more color might help us. Thank you.
Robynne Sisco: Sure. So, we are seeing increasing seasonality, more deals coming in the back half of the year and we've seen that over multiple years. So, we have a compounding effect of that happening. In addition to that, we've got fairly significant variability in the renewals as well as other things like for example, if a customer pays more than one year ahead, then we won't get a billing the next year, right. So, there's a lot of complexities with the billings and when we look at the scheduled billings for Q1 of this year, they are smaller portion of our billings number than they were a year ago, So, it's actually a lot of dynamics.
Karl Keirstead: Okay. And is it also fair to say that you're not assuming that some of these slipped deals that Aneel talked about are going to close in 1Q, it will be 2Q or after, is that also the case?
Robynne Sisco: The deals Aneel was talking about are really slippage from November to later in Q4. So, not impactful to FY 2018, but impactful to our Q4 revenue estimate, given we'll get less revenue on those deals since were closed later in the quarter.
Karl Keirstead: Okay. I understand. Thank you both.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Zukin from Piper Jaffray.
Alex Zukin: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the progress of your efforts to move down market, and particularly also strategically is it part of some of the uncertainty around the timing of this financials uptick in the -- at the larger enterprise level that's driving this push down market?
Aneel Bhusri: No. I think I've been pretty consistent on the earnings call in the past. Our win rates against SAP and Oracle are quite a bit higher than they are against NetSuite and Ultimate. And I think that's -- against NetSuite and Ultimate, they were both above 50% this quarter, but as not as high it is against SAP and Oracle and frankly, it's because we're so focused on the high end of the market and yet, there's a lot happening in the middle market and it's just getting more competitive in that segment. The biggest impact there is reducing the cost of implementation. We've been bringing out new tooling. I think you're going to see the real focus on the mid-market. It's hard to make major changes during a sales year. Go-to-market changes -- programmatic changes. I think you'll see the real focus on what we're doing in -- as we launch fiscal year 2018 selling and support.
Alex Zukin: Got it. And then maybe one for Phil. This question has been asked a couple of times, just one more time, I guess, do you anticipate -- I mean from our patterned checks, we picked up that you guys did beef-up your financial overlay sales team, would you consider at all a dedicated financial sales motion sometime next year?
Phil Wilmington: I think the financial overlay decision we made is the right decision. And when you say we beefed it up, we did at the beginning of the year, we're pleased with progress that that the expertise that that brings to our regions. I think which they focused on that business strategy going forward.
Alex Zukin: Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley: Great. Thanks very much. I was wondering if you would have any interest in quantifying the impact of the slip deals to the billings guidance you gave to the fourth quarter.
Robynne Sisco: No. I mean really the main impact was on revenue because we saw slippage within the quarter.
Steve Ashley: All right. Okay. And then my other question--
Aneel Bhusri: We don't know how the deals will shake out. Whether they will still close in this quarter or not and we're just going to be conservative until we get better data.
Steve Ashley: Great. And then I have other -- my follow-up is you were becoming more of a platform. You've acquired Platfora. You're offering Data-as-a-Service. Does this change how you go-to-market relative to the IT Department? And does it change the timing and your relationship with them going forward? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: I think it probably elevates our visibility with IT earlier on in the sales cycle than just HR. The platform deal in self does that. At the end of the day, when people look at Platfora, I think at first blush, they look at it as a vehicle for us to have a financial data warehouse. So, I mean really it -- what we see in the platform deals is those are much more likely to get to not just the CFO, but even to the CEO. And IT as part of that, but if it gets to the CEO, it has to go through IT as well. So, that's really the dynamic we see where. Early on when we were just really focused on HR accounts, we were selling to HR. We still had a deal with IT, but we didnt really often have to go into the CEO's office. Frankly, we love going to CEO's office, we get to position ourselves much more strategically and that is the change with platform and -- both financials and a broader platform story.
Steve Ashley: Thank you.
Operator: We have time for two more questions. The next question is from Ross MacMillan from RBC Capital Markets.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks so much. One for Robynne and one for Aneel. Just so I'm clear on this point when you say that subscription billings growth next year will be in mid-20s, if we had not had to slip deals, would we be thinking about the same growth rate just off a slightly higher base or did you actually modify your thoughts at all around subscription billings next year as a result of these slip deals? And then I have a follow-up.
Robynne Sisco: No, we have not modified our current view of next year for these slip deals that we saw in November. And again it's early days and Q4 and how we deliver and Q4 will have a significant impact on next year. So, we'll have better information for you on FY 2018 at next quarter's call.
Ross MacMillan: Great. And Aneel I wondered if you could just comment on the S4/HANA SAP Public Cloud addition that they plan on launching next year. I don't know if you've seen any of that in market; just love your early thoughts around that. Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: We've seen in market from time-to-time until it's actually out and live in production. There are always -- I think both of our large competitors are really good at marketing well before the product is available. I don't see it being impactful. Frankly, I think as SAP gears up to launch financials in the cloud that might be impactful in a positive way, because it will signal that financials are truly going into the cloud. Right now, it's just us and Oracle competing for business. I don't want to throw our competitors under the bus as much as I would enjoy doing that. It's worth digging into both of these vendors, their ability to actually run their customer's data center operations, I mean run their data center operations for customer. I think if you dig out, you'll find that there's quite a few problems as they move into the cloud.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks.
Operator: The last question is from Derrick Wood from Cowen and Company.
Derrick Wood: Thanks. Aneel just curious of this cautiousness you saw impact in Q4 on a few deals, was that really relegated to just a few deals or do you see the dialogue around the election uncertainty spreading in a broader way?
Aneel Bhusri: I think time will tell. The good and the bad for me is I've access to a lot of CEOs over the last couple of months. I'm part of a Business Council and I really don't think anybody in the Business Council expected the U.S. Election to play out the way it did. Independent of who they wanted to play out with, people did not see that coming, the rhetoric around trade agreements and some of the protectionism. For Brexit, real issues as Brexit starts getting -- put in the place for institutions that have a significant presence, especially financial services institutions based in Europe what that means to them. So, I believe this will dissipate. And I believe on our Q4 call, we'll be talking on a very positive tone. But we saw enough of it that we felt like it was definitely worth flagging and hopefully goes away and we got two months to make sure it goes away. But our typical closing pattern on a -- for Q3 -- for Q4 in terms of monthly, we know saw slipping. So, we want to highlight it to you.
Derrick Wood: Great. If I could squeeze one more and Robynne. Just on Q3, I know we'll see the domestic versus international in the Q, but can you give us any color as to how growth trended between the two geographies?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, we had a strong showing overseas and so you should expect that that international percent of revenues to continue to slowly tick up. Obviously, we have large numbers in the U.S. and so it will be a while before you see any major moves. But it should continue to trend upward.
Derrick Wood: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation in today's earnings call. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2016-08-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: James Redfern - VP, Corporate Development Aneel Bhusri - CEO Robynne Sisco - CFO Mark Peek - Co-President Phil Wilmington - Co-President
Analysts: Mark Murphy - JPMorgan Justin Furby - William Blair & Company Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Brent Thill - UBS Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity Kash Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch Sanjit Singh - Morgan Stanley Nicole Hayashi - Goldman Sachs Brian Schwartz - Oppenheimer Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Kirk Materne - Evercore ISI
Operator: Welcome to the Workdays Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand it over to Mr. James Redfern.
James Redfern: Welcome to Workdays second quarter fiscal 2017 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO, Robynne Sisco, our CFO, Mark Peek and Phil Wilmington, our Co-President. Following Aneel and Robynnes prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after closes market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate, and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations, and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures including non-GAAP operating profit and operating margins. These non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of share-based compensation, employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and debt discount and issuance costs associated with our convertible notes. We will also discuss free cash flows which are defined as cash flows from operations less certain capital expenditures other than owned real estate projects. These non-GAAP financial measures, which are used as measures of Workdays performance, should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or in isolation from, GAAP results. In addition on todays call, we will discuss forward outlook for non-GAAP operating margins. A reconciliation of our forward outlook for non-GAAP operating margins with our forward-looking GAAP operating margins is not available without unreasonable efforts as a quantification of stock-based compensation expense required additional inputs such as number of shares granted and market price that are not ascertainable. You can find additional disclosers regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Our third quarter quiet period begins at the close of business October 15, 2016. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thanks, James. Hello everyone. I'd also like to extend my welcome to our Q2 earnings call. And I'm pleased to report that we had a strong Q2 and a first half of fiscal year 2017. The results were well balanced across our key initiatives as we saw consistent strength across product lines, geographies and industries. Starting with North America, we are pleased to report several key HCM customer wins. Building on its existing partnership with Workday, IBM will now use our Human Capital Management Suite to manage many of its global HR processes for more than 350,000 employees. Additionally, in anticipation of its upcoming close of the EMC acquisition, Dell has added to its existing Workday subscription bringing its total employee count to over 125,000. Other notable HCM wins in North America included Duke Energy and University of Virginia. Moving to the EMEA region, we had another excellent quarter with notable HCM wins including Kering with 47,000 employees and Repsol with 30,000 employees. In July I had a chance to personally visit many of our European offices and came away very enthusiastic about the market opportunity, competitive dynamics and most importantly our growing and talented European team. Lastly, we had our strongest quarter ever in the APJ region. I'm personally pleased to welcome Samsung as a global Workday customer, our first customer in South Korea. We also had a strong quarter in the ANZ region, welcoming two international airlines, Air New Zealand and Qantas to the family of Workday customers. Switching over to the financial management market, I'm excited to report that we had our second best quarter ever in terms of adding new financial management customers. In fact nearly one third of all new customers purchased Workday financial management. Some of our notable financial management wins in Q2 included Raising Cane's, the large restaurant chain, large healthcare institutions including Arkansas Children's hospital and Eisenhower Medical Centre, the Telenor Group in Norway and high tech growth companies such as Pivotal Software and AMP Dynamics. And from a competitive perspective our win rates in the financial management arena are now similar to our traditional win rates in the HCM space, which largely remain unchanged. Equally exciting on the financial management front, were very encouraged by the rapid adoption of Workday planning. To date we have signed over 50 customers for Workday planning with the product headed to general availability with Workday 27 available this September. Of course much of our traction is due to our continued strong levels of customer success and we continue to enjoy the highest levels of customer satisfaction in our industry. In Q2 we saw the following customers go live with Workday. LSU, easyJet, Trinity Health, Western Digital, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, the American National Red Cross and many others. Earlier this month, we closed the acquisition of Platfora, a leading big data provider of operational analytics and data discovery tools. The acquisition was similar to others we have completed in the past and was focused on acquiring world-class technology and talent. We are excited to have many highly talented people join us from Platfora, focused on building the Platfora technology into the fabric of our technology platform. I wanted to take a minute to extend a big welcome to the Platfora crew, our new colleague at Workday. You'll hear more about Platfora and our other new offerings such as planning, learning and student system at Workday Rising our Annual User Conference, which takes place in late September in Chicago this year. We hope to see many of you there at our Financial Analyst Day, which takes place on Tuesday, September 27. If you haven't registered, please consider joining us. It promises to be a great event as we're expecting more than 6,000 attendees. And then we'll head to Barcelona in November to host Workday Rising for our customers based in Europe. On a final note, I wanted to reiterate what I said on our Q1 earnings call. Fiscal year 2017 is shaping up to be a great year for Workday with a particularly strong pipeline in the second half of the year. Indeed the pipeline looks strong across the Board for both Q3 and Q4, including a significant jump in medium and large financial management opportunities. I look forward to reporting back to you on our results after the end of Q3. And now I'll turn it over to our awesome CFO, Robynne Sisco. Take it away Robynne.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks, Aneel. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. Let me start with our results from the second quarter of fiscal 2017, which continued our positive start to the year. In the second quarter, we generated record quarterly revenues and once again delivered strong derived billings growth. Workday continues to grow at a remarkable rate given our scale and after another strong quarter, we want to thank our employees for their continued dedication and our new and existing customers for their loyal support. As Aneel pointed out, we continue to demonstrate strong momentum with new customers while seeing continued strength in renewals and add-on product sales to existing customers. Our total revenue for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 was $378 million, an increase of 34% from a year ago. Within that number subscription revenue grew 37% to $306 million. Our Q2 professional services revenue was $71 million, or a growth of 21%. Our total derived billings, which is the sum of revenue and the sequential change in total unearned revenue were $431 million for the second quarter or a growth of 38% over last year. Derived subscription billings, which is the sum of subscription revenue and the sequential change in total unearned revenue, grew 42% to $359 million. Next I'll turn to operating expenses and our results of operations. Our non-GAAP operating profit for the second quarter was $6 million or an operating margin of 1.6%. This was better than we had expected and largely due to topline over performance and strength in our gross margin. In the quarter, we did not see any notable impact from FX changes in general or Brexit in particular. While we are pleased with our margin performance in Q2, which indicates the increasing profitability of our model, we have not changed our focus on growth over margins given the large opportunities still ahead of us. Our trailing 12 month operating cash flow was $319 million, up 62% year-over-year. Our trailing 12 month free cash flow was $178 million, up 130% year-over-year. Note that in calculating trailing 12 month free cash flow, we have excluded $26 million in capital spend related to our owned real-estate projects as we consider such projects non-recurring in nature. We have approximately $2.1 billion of cash and marketable securities on our balance sheet, which demonstrates the strength of our business and provides more than ample cash for our capital expansion and strategic M&A. In addition, unearned revenue on our balance sheet at the end of Q2 was $979 million, up 43% year-over-year. Current unearned revenue, which will be recognized over the next 12 months was $855 million or annual growth of 42%. The combination of strong unearned revenue, Q2 year-over-year growth and backlog of well over 50% and our high levels of customer satisfaction continues to give us confidence in the sustained strength of our business. During the quarter, we also added over 450 net new employees bringing our total employee count to over 6,000. We continue to benefit from an employee turnover rate that we believe is among the lowest in our industry. Now let me turn to guidance; for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 we expect derived billings to be approximately $445 million or 31% growth year-over-year. We expect Q3 subscription revenue to be $331 million to $333 million or 36% to 37% growth, with professional services growing only 7% to $67 million. As a result, we expect Q3 total revenue of between $398 million and $400 million or growth of 30% to 31%. For fiscal 2017, we anticipate derived billings of $1.88 billion to $1.89 billion or 32% growth and total revenue of $1.548 billion to $1.558 billion or 33% to 34% growth. We expect subscription revenue from fiscal 2017 will be $1.278 billion to $1.285 billion or 38% growth. The timing of revenue recognition can be impacted by the timing of when contracts are signed within the quarter, the amount of cash we bill and various other contractual terms, all of which are factored into our guidance. Professional services revenue is expected to be $270 million to $273 million for the year. We continue to prioritize growth over margins while maintaining our long-term goal of 20% plus non-GAAP operating margins. While the positive margin we achieved in Q2 reflects the financial strength of our model, we are continuing to invest in our business and do not anticipate maintaining that level of profitability next quarter or for the full year. We expect expenses related to the Platfora acquisition, which closed in early Q3 to impact our Q3 operating margins by approximately 250 basis points. Taking that into account, we expect our Q3 non-GAAP operating margins to be a loss in the range of 2% to 3%. We continue to expect that non-GAAP operating margins will be approximately breakeven for fiscal 2017, inclusive of the financial impact of the Platfora acquisition. The GAAP operating margin for the third quarter and the full year is expected to be approximately 25 percentage points to 26 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margin, due primarily to the impact of share-based compensation expense. Finally, let me turn to CapEx. When calculating our free cash flow, we are excluding owned real-estate projects as we consider these to be non-recurring in nature. Excluding these projects, our CapEx in the second quarter was $27 million and $141 million on a trailing 12-month basis. We expect CapEx for fiscal 2017 excluding owned real-estate projects to be approximately $160 million. This is lower than our previous estimate as we are starting to see the benefits of investments in our technology platform, which have driven higher levels of infrastructure utilization. We continue to expect capital expenses related to our owned real-estate project for FY '17 to be approximately $125 million. Operating and free cash flow excluding these projects are expected to grow at least as fast as billings for fiscal 2017. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Murphy of JPMorgan.
Mark Murphy: Yes, thank you very much. And first off, congratulations on a very strong quarter. So, Aneel, some of your partners are noticing a pretty remarkable difference in terms of HR leaders wanting to do a full suite upgrade of both HCM and financials, and they are suggesting that Workday is clearly shining in those situations. And one of them actually had said the mix of the platform conversations increased from one out of 25 a few quarters ago to one out of four today. And I'm just curious, does that track to your observations across the business and maybe can you see a future point where a majority of the deals would be platform discussions?
Aneel Bhusri: We've definitely seen that trend Mark in the midmarket and we saw it in Q4 last year, Q1 of this year and now with Q2 -- in Q2 this year we saw healthy number of platform deals, maybe I'll ask Phil to comment on more detail, but it's definitely a rising trend. It's predominately a midmarket trend right now meaning companies up to 10,000 employees. And we obviously hope it moves up market.
Phil Wilmington: Yes, Mark, I think that trend does exist. Nearly one third of our transactions this quarter included financials. I think that's an indicator of that trend and we see that in the pipeline in the second half of the year. So we're optimistic about the trend that you're seeing in talking with our partners and we think that will be substantiated going forward in the second half of the year.
Aneel Bhusri: And I might just add that I think that NetSuite ultimate partnership, which now is obviously thrown in the air again with Oracles acquisition of NetSuite, I think that was in reaction to the success we were having in that mid market with platform deals that was their response. And Im not sure they really have one now, given this recent acquisition of NetSuite by Oracle.
Mark Murphy: Thank you. And if I may, I had a quick follow-up question for Robynne. So we did notice the acceleration in the deferred revenue growth that you have acceleration in the total billings, and there was even more acceleration in the subscription billings growth and it occurred against a tough comparison. I was wondering is it -- mathematically, can we read into that, is that a validation I guess of Aneel's comments on the prior call that the net new ACV bookings could accelerate this fiscal year?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, Mark, thats exactly right. In fact, we saw that accelerated growth in both Q1 and Q2 and we expect it for the full fiscal year as well.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Furby of William Blair & Company.
Justin Furby: Thanks and congratulations on a stunning billings number. I had two questions I guess. The first is for Aneel. And I'm wondering, Aneel, if you think about -- if you think -- whether or not you think HR can grow 30% a year for the medium term? So the next three to five years, do you think it can do that growth when you consider international and payroll and learning and recruiting and some of the other products and then I have got one follow up.
Aneel Bhusri: I think that's a reasonable number when you do include international and new products. International business has really picked up momentum. We were very pleased with what we saw and particularly, in APJ, that was really the most exciting quarter we've had as a company in that region. So I think that that sets up for future growth. Anything else to add? Do you feel good about that number, Phil?
Mark Peek: Phil has to sign up for that number.
Justin Furby: Okay, I let Phil sign up for it too then.
Phil Wilmington: Well, I appreciate. Let me sign up for that Justin. I think the key there is, as you touched on it, is international. But its also exciting the growth we're seeing in adoption rate of new products. Recruiting has been very, very solid. Payroll attach rates continue to increase. Learning management is very solid. So the increases in awareness and acceptance there, I think is another key to that establishing or continuing that performance rate.
Justin Furby: Okay, got it. And then the second question is either for Phil or Aneel. I'm wondering if you think we will look back a few years from now and we'll be able to point to a quarter or a year where we can say wow financials really kicked in meaningfully, or do you think instead it's more of a continued grind over the next several quarters? And I guess I'd love to hear any more color around pipeline in terms of building -- what the growth looks like there year over year. And can you give any sense for the mix? Are we at a point where it's a quarter or 20% of new ACV? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: So, my perspective is Q4 of last year was the first wild quarter on financials when we had, I think, 40 financial customers, and it was almost like a step-up in terms of momentum, and that has continued into Q1 and Q2. I know theres a lot of focus on Fortune 500 wins, but were looking at it from a pure ACV and revenue momentum, and its growing really rapidly. Its become a very important part of our business. So I think it actually happened in Q4, and Im hoping for another step function in another 12 to 15 months when the financials begin to take off internationally as well. Right now, were just getting our first wave of financial customers outside the U.S., but I think that will take off down the road to. Anything you want to add?
Phil Wilmington: No, I think the second part of your question was, are we seeing pipeline growth and were seeing significant pipeline growth year-over-year. So I think, as Aneel said, Q4 of last year began to show the acceptance of our financial product. Weve prepared ourselves for a long grind however. I think thats how we prepared our field organization. Thats how we think well continue to earn the business. Its a tough fight of financials. We prepared ourselves for that, but were optimistic about what the pipeline holds in the second half of the year.
Justin Furby: Got it. Thanks very much guys and congrats.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead of Deutsche Bank.
Karl Keirstead: And one for Robynne. Aneel, obviously one of the big market events in the last three months was as you even flagged Oracle acquiring NetSuite, you talked a little bit about the impact on the payroll. But on the financial side, obviously there is some overlap. It might be good for you to take a moment, if you don't mind, to remind us how the target market might differ. How frequently your financials business overlaps with NetSuite, and whether really you'll think it has any effect on the trajectory of financials at Workday. And then my follow-up is for Robynne. Robynne, there was an unusual $14.5 million non-GAAP other expense item below the margin line. If you don't mind just explaining what that was. Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: So if people go back to 2011, 2012 right before we went public, I actually had predicted that Oracle would buy NetSuite in the next 12 months, so I got the timing wrong. But it was -- to me that was set up to happen at some point. So weve been preparing for it probably longer than most. I think the puzzling thing for me about the acquisition is that when you look at Oracles traction in Cloud applications and you listen to how their leaders talk about it, its primarily a mid-market phenomenon and I can just say from the Workday perspective, Oracle doesnt compete well in large enterprises because their products are not proven at scale. So they seem to be doubling down on the mid-market with an acquisition of NetSuite. We probably see NetSuite in 20% of our opportunities that would be my best guess. They are definitely an SMB to mid-market player. Ive got a lot of respect for what theyve done in that segment, we do bump into them. I think more than anything else it calls a question whether Fusion actually was working and whether this becomes the primary platform for Oracle Apps going forward because otherwise its thoroughly confusing and confusion is very good for Workday. So I think this anytime a company has confused us to which product to buy from a competitor and were very clear about which one we have, we only have one code line, I think it bodes well for us. And thats based on what happened when Taleo was acquired and Success Factors was acquired, that both of those have led to a lot of defections over to Workday.
Robynne Sisco: Karl, your question about the other income charges, we took a $15 million write-off this quarter on an investment we made in a private company, which recently recapitalized with a private equity firm. So that was a one-time isolated charge and you should not expect that to repeat in future quarters.
Karl Keirstead: Got it. Thats helpful. Thank you both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill of UBS.
Brent Thill: Thanks. Aneel, just on the financials option among the larger enterprises. What, from your perspective, is the hurdle that you need to clear before you start to see that really start that the fly will continue to spin there? Is there lighthouse wins that still need to come live? What needs to happen? I'm not saying it has to happen overnight, but what are you seeing that gives you confidence that may start to kick in in the back half of the year?
Aneel Bhusri: Theyre in the pipeline and theyre in the pipeline in a much bigger way than they ever have been before. The Aon project is going well and that was our, I would say our second lighthouse account after Netflix and Netflix has been live with Workday Financials for several years now and Aon is now on that path. So in sectors like healthcare and education and government, those have already turned over where we have some of the largest healthcare and government and higher aided institutions already running Workday. Its now just getting it into the general commercial area. Theyre in the pipeline and Phil and I are going to spend the next couple of quarters making sure we get a couple of those done. So I can stop having to answer this question. But Im very, very confident that the trend is continuing. At the end of the day, if you fast forward five years from now and you see what happened in the shift from Mainframe to Client Server almost every day left Mainframe and went to Client Server. Almost everybody is leaving Client Server and going to the Cloud. It happened in CRM first. It happened in HR second. Its now happened consistently in the mid-market in Financials and then the next place for it to happen is in large enterprise and that's very, very similar to the HR adoption pattern as well. We didnt talk about it because a lot of that adoption pattern happened while we are a private company, but it's happening exactly the same way.
Brent Thill: And there's a lot of excitement about the upcoming planning solution; many say that's the impetus for them to replace financials. Can you just give us a sense of timing and what you are seeing? And I would assume, Phil, you are having conversations with clients already that are yielding financial wins in this quarter given that is on its way.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes so just in terms of planning product, it goes into general availability in September. So just a month away. We signed over 50 customers. We put that in the press release that was higher than what we had expected. We have signed it and it definitely changes the conversation. The product line it's the first time where planning and transactions have come together in a unified way. All the other time it's been through acquisitions, different security models, different user interfaces, data going back and forth. Were the first one to do it in a unified way and many customers dont actually believe its possible. Now they see it coming into production. I think theyre quite excited and Phil can talk about what were seeing on the demand side as a result of planning.
Phil Wilmington: There are certainly pipeline increases it relates to both financials and human capital management. I think its brought together with planning, forecasting and budgeting. Organizations dont think of it just as Human Capital Management solutions or just as financial. What are they spending on money on? Theyre spending their money on their employee base. Theyre trying to plan for that process. Theyre trying to be predictable. All of those things are brought together through planning, forecasting and budgeting. The line is blurred between whats HCM and whats financials to the CFO or to the executive team. And those are the conversations that were now having and thats why the makeup of the second half pipeline and next years pipeline is very exciting because its not just the discussion of HCM or a discussion, a different discussion about Financials. It's a discussion about the platform that Workday brings to the table for our customers currently and for our prospects and forecasting, budgeting and planning is really the application that bridges those two areas of concern for our customers.
Brent Thill: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis of Canaccord.
Richard Davis: Thanks very much. So when you acquired Platfora, I was disappointed because that was like one of the best companies in big data. So congratulations to your bizdem guys, but disappointing for us. But in any case, the question to you guys, you historically rewrite a lot of the companies you've acquired in terms of their software. Do you need to do that for Platfora? Because to me it was a pretty cool ingestion engine as well as actually all the way into the analytics layer, but if you could talk a little bit about how that's going to fit into your business because it was actually a pretty legit company.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, thank you for that Richard. Historically we really havent rewritten the underlying architectures of the products weve acquired. Weve basically rewritten the interfaces so that it can be sewn into the Workday architecture in a unified way. Its what we did with GridCraft with their collaborative spreadsheets. Its what we've done with MediaCore and the video technology. So we'll rewrite the part that fits into the Workday piece, but the core technology usually stays pretty similar to where it was and thats exactly what I would expect out of Platfora. They have world-class technology. Theres no need to rewrite it. I think what we need to do is to make it work in a true multi-tenant cloud environment. They were supporting on-premise cloud both on a multitenant and single-tenant way and were going to drive it towards a multi-tenant used case where its really lined up against Workday data and the third party data that we bring in. The real power of the Platfora platform is now our ability to bring in third-party data and analyze it in a deep way. The Workday analytics are very powerful, but theyre really good on Workday data and as we're trying to move into this big data world where companies want to bring in third party data, we felt like we needed a data discovery and insight tool that can help us do that. And we did an exhaustive search led by James Redfern and the product team and sold on Platfora. So they really have done a phenomenal job building up this platform. And you'll hear a lot more about our plans to pull it together at Rising. They will be featured in the keynote.
Richard Davis: Okay. I will be there for that, but thank you very much. That's good color. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan of BofA Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: That's the longest firm name. Congrats guys on the quarter. Aneel, one very simple and strategic question for you, when you look at Microsoft acquiring LinkedIn and another company apparently also was interested in acquiring LinkedIn, how do you think that changes the landscape more particularly? And also more generally speaking, as you step back and look at the immense amount of M&A that has happened since you actually presented at our conference, how do you see Workday's role in the evolution that's going on in the cloud industry, which is actually quite breathtaking from an M&A perspective? Thank you so much.
Aneel Bhusri: So, its obviously close to the LinkedIn folks. Reed Hopkins, one of my very dear friends. I think its a really good marriage of those two companies. It doesnt impact Workday in anyway. Weve already talked about how were going to continue to partner with LinkedIn and Microsoft is becoming increasingly important partner to us. So I dont think it really changes any dynamics on that front. On the M&A front, every company has to pursue whatever strategy best suits them. We've historically been an organically driven company, much like an Amazon and Apple where they will do acquisitions here or there, but for the most part they're going to organically build things out and I think thats still the right path for us. You'll see us make acquisitions like Platfora. You'll see us find other ways to get into new markets, but were pretty comfortable with our current strategy and staying the course that were on.
Kash Rangan: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley.
Sanjit Singh: Hi this is Sanjit Singh for Keith Weiss. Congrats on an excellent quarter. Actually I wanted to revisit the mid-market commentary. A number of the challenge has obviously point to you guys having some nice traction there. In terms of the NetSuite Oracle question, I was actually wanted to get your view on whether you think that's actually an opportunity for Workday. Aneel, you mentioned last quarter that you were looking to lower the cost of implementations and really start to focus on that market. And given potential disruption with the acquisition, how much of a near to medium opportunity is the mid market for Workday?
Aneel Bhusri: Its very sizable, I think the more we've dug into it, were very competitive in that world and weve done quite well, but that market is far more sensitive to the cost of implementation than the large enterprise market is and weve been working on from very powerful tooling led by Annrai OToole, who is one of the principals at Cape Clear and has been with us since Cape Clear became part of Workday. Were going to showcase some of that tooling to you at the Analyst Day in September at Workday Rising. Those tools are the critical piece for us to be more successful and gain even greater market share in that mid-market, bringing down the cost and implementation by 50%, 60% with these toolings, giving those customers less configuration choices, but most of them dont want them anyways and thats the way the -- thats the way the ultimate of the NetSuites really keep the implementation costs down. The software costs are pretty comparable. So I think its a huge opportunity for us and we just have to tackle these implementation costs.
Sanjit Singh: That's really interesting. Robynne, a question for you. In terms of the full-year billings guidance, is there any color can you provide in terms of the split between professional services billings and subscription billings, particularly on the subscriptions billings piece? How we should think about that in terms of contributing to overall billings from a growth rate or from a dollar perspective?
Robynne Sisco: Yes, you can think of the professional services billings is largely equal to revenue and the rest is all subscriptions billings.
Sanjit Singh: Got it. That makes ton of sense. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini of Goldman Sachs.
Nicole Hayashi: Great, thanks. This is Nicole Hayashi in for Heather. Aneel or Phil, year to date, we have seen some public companies that have missed their quarters due to failed financials implementations by your competitors. Could you talk about how difficult it is to successfully go live, and how you plan to handle the relationship with third-party resellers for financials in particular since you expect professional services growth to be slower for the fiscal year? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, number one, we dont have any resellers of our financial products. We sell everything direct. We have implementation partners, which I think thats probably what you mean. In terms of success rates, weve had near-perfect success with deploying financials at large medium-sized, large and medium-sized companies. So I think in many cases, our success record is much stronger than any of the legacy providers. Actually, I would say the same about NetSuite, I think the cloud providers in general just do a much better job of getting customers into production. And our timelines are typically six to nine months. So not something were really focused on or worry about.
Nicole Hayashi: Okay, great. Thanks. And, Robynne, I might have missed this, but could you comment on duration this quarter and how it's trended compared to last year or last quarter?
Robynne Sisco: Yes Nicole, so our duration, our weighted average duration is still around four years, which has been the case for quite some time. So no meaningful change this quarter.
Nicole Hayashi: Great. Thank you.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Brian Schwartz of Oppenheimer.
Brian Schwartz: Yes hi, thanks for taking my question here today. Aneel, in the press release and the commentary, you talked about the strength and the quarter results being balanced across your products and geographies and verticals. I wanted to follow up on that comment and ask you how you would assess that strength of those items across your pipeline momentum. Now you've given us a ton of color here today on the product momentum in your pipeline, so won't ask for any more for that. But is there anything that you can comment on in terms of specific geographies or specific industries that are surprising you in terms of momentum building in the pipeline? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: So Id say its been part of an ongoing theme for the last four or five quarters, actually tied almost specifically to when Chano Fernandez took over our European operations, Europe has just been on a run now for multiple quarters and has become a high growth, highly predictable business. And as I mentioned in the prepared comments, I had a chance to spend a week in Europe and visit all our offices. And the momentum there is very clear. The customers are happy. The meetings I got were at the senior levels of the largest companies in Europe just wasnt the case two years ago. So we feel like weve now entered a really exciting phase in Europe and Chano is beginning that same assault on the APJ market. Rob Wells is our leader in Australia and New Zealand working for Chano and you win brands like Air New Zealand and Qantas, and you make them successful and in Commonwealth Bank of Australia, those markets are beginning to take off. And then, of course, with the recent win with Samsung in Korea, Samsung is probably the most important company in Korea and one of the most important ones in the world. So were opening up these international markets and landing bigger accounts and I would have expected if youd asked me 12 months ago, how would you open up Korea? I wouldnt have said wed open it up by winning Samsung, and I would have hoped we would have gotten some good traction Australia. But to get Qantas as a name brand account really, I dont think you can do any better. So compare it to candidly to some of the stumbles we had in PeopleSoft growing internationally, kudos to Phil and to Chano, our entries into Europe and to Asia Pacific have been much more fruitful than they had been in our past lives.
James Redfern: Operator, we have time for two more questions.
Operator: Yes, we will now take two more questions. The first question coming from the line of Steve Ashley of Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley: Thanks so much. I'd just like to circle back to planning, a follow up on Brett's question. You talked about having 50 people who have already signed up for it. And just to clarify, are HCM only customers buying planning? And what kind of uplift or add-on sales ACV might that be? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: HCM-only customers can buy Planning. Financial-only customers can buy Planning and Financial and HR customers can buy Planning. So we sell them to any Workday customer. If its HCM-only, it probably gears more towards workforce planning, but many of the accounts weve signed are actually for our Financial Planning and analysis and Phil do you want to talk about ACV and the mix between HR and financial customers as it relates to Planning?
Phil Wilmington: In terms of the ACV, in terms of the percentage of the transaction, I think its very comparable with other add-on products that youve seen with recruiting to HR, expenses into the financial suite of products. So its in that range. I think to your question of who is buying it, it goes back to the comment I made earlier in terms of it is the product that blends together for us, the platform approach of HR and Financials. Headcount Planning talks about the dollars that companies are going to spend, and it involves the financial end of the organization. So its a perfect mix for us to be able to combine our conversations with our HR customers as well as the financial side of the organization.
Steve Ashley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Kirk Materne of Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much for squeezing me in, and congratulations on the quarter. Robynne, I had a question for you. Obviously the pipeline of bigger deals is going up, and that's obviously great. I was just wondering how you are contemplating some of these deals in the guidance. Meaning, do you feel pretty good about the cadence to get those deals to close, and how you have thought about that as you laid out the guidance for the back half of the year. I'm just trying to get a sense on the upside relative to what has to happen to meet your guidance. Thanks.
Robynne Sisco: Yes, as we had mentioned in last quarter call, we are seeing ourselves a little more backend-loaded this year. Having said that, how these deals get signed within the quarter, particularly Q4, given that thats our seasonal high, is a big driver for revenue within the quarter. So thats something that, you have taken into account in the guidance and well really have to see how that plays out.
Kirk Materne: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in todays earnings call. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-05-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: James Redfern - VP, Corporate Development Aneel Bhusri - CEO Robynne Sisco - CFO Mark Peek - Co-President Phil Wilmington - Co-President
Analysts: Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Brent Thill - UBS Mark Murphy - JPMorgan Justin Furby - William Blair & Company Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Richard Davis - Canaccord Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Kash Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Di Fucci - Jefferies Mark Moerdler - Bernstein Research Pat Walravens - JMP Securities
Operator: Welcome to the Workdays First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand it over to James Redfern.
James Redfern: Welcome to Workdays first quarter fiscal 2017 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO, Robynne Sisco, our CFO, Mark Peek and Phil Wilmington, our Co-President. Following Aneel and Robynnes prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after market closed and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate, and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations, and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures including non-GAAP operating losses, operating margins, free cash flows, earnings per share and interest expense. These non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of share-based compensation, employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and debt discount and issuance costs associated with our convertible notes. We will also discuss free cash flows which are define as cash flows from operations less certain capital expenditures other than owned real estate investments. These non-GAAP financial measures, which are used as measures of Workdays performance, should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or in isolation from, GAAP results.  In addition on todays call, we will discuss forward-looking outlook for non-GAAP operating margins. A reconciliation of our forward outlook for non-GAAP operating margins with our forward-looking GAAP operating margins he is not available without unreasonable efforts as a quantification of stock-based compensation expense required additional inputs such as number of shares granted and market price that are not ascertainable. You can find additional disclosers regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. Also, the Customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Our second quarter quiet period begins at the close of business July 15, 2016. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparison in this call will be to our results for that comparable period of our fiscal year 2016. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Hello everyone and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that we're off to a strong start in fiscal year 17 with our Q1 results following an excellent fiscal year 2016 and an especially strong Q4. Business was strong across product lines and geographies and in the first quarter we welcomed almost 100 new HCM customers and more than 20 financial management customers. New customers included ConAgra Foods, Best West International, L.L.Bean, Cerner Corporation, Finnair, Financial Times and Premier Healthcare Services. We are particularly pleased with the progress we've made in Europe and are beginning to see similar levels of success in the APJ region. During this past quarter, I personally spent a week in Australia and New Zealand and came away very excited and with a belief that we can be a leading player in that region. As we all know sales is only part of the equation for success in today's world of cloud solutions. The real differentiator in our marketplace is our ability to get customers into production, so that they can get value from our modern cloud business applications. To that end, I'm pleased to report that we once again saw several large organizations go-live with Workday in Q1 including companies such as 3M, Hitachi, DS Smith, Memorial Hermann Health System and Warner Music Group. As we head into the rest of fiscal year 2017, we believe we are well-positioned for continued growth and customer success. Our pipeline is healthy especially for the second half of the year, and we saw little to no change in the competitive dynamics and win rates as it relates to our main competitors. Going forward, we plan to put more emphasis on selling and servicing medium-sized companies on the heels of the development of lower-cost deployment technologies that we've built for the segment of the marketplace. From a product line perspective, we continue to innovate rapidly and are on track to deliver Workday Planning, Workday Learning and Workday Student later this year, which we believe will accelerate our momentum based on very positive initial customer feedback and interest. The HCM market continues to grow nicely and we're the clear leader in terms of product capabilities and customer satisfaction. We continue to see healthy demand for HCM across the board and as I mentioned earlier are seeing growing momentum in some of the international markets where we have entered in the past few years, and we continue to see growing demand for our financial management applications. In a recent report Gardner predicted that by 2018 at least 25% of new core financial application deployment in large enterprises will be with SaaS solutions. Given the lack of focus on true cloud financials by our main competitors, we believe Workday is well positioned to enjoy success with financial applications, much like that we have with HCM. And I am pleased to report we saw financials adoption begin to spread to other parts of the globe as we added new customers in the UK, Netherlands, France and Finland. In this past quarter, we also continue to build and strengthen our senior management team as we aim to grow our business from 1 billion in revenues in fiscal year 2016 to 3 billion in the upcoming years. To that end, we're very pleased to welcome Diana McKenzie as our new and first CIO and equally excited to promote Robynne Sisco into the role of CFO after several years of as our Chief Accounting Officer. Workday is now 5,500 employees strong across the globe and I'm grateful for all their hard work across all parts of our business. Lastly, I wanted to address the topic of profitability as many of you know profitability has been a core value of the company since Dave and I started Workday back in 2005. For the past several years we have been primarily focused on growth but have always kept our eye on our path to profitability. To that end, the senior management team spent a few days offsite earlier in the quarter planning our path towards profitability over the next few years both from an operating margin and cash flow generation perspective. We came out of that session with a clear strategy that has since been shared with the whole company. I hope to share progress with you on that front on an ongoing basis. With that, I will turn over to Robynne
Robynne Sisco: Thanks Aneel. Good afternoon everyone and I thank you for joining us. I look forward to working with all of you over the coming quarters and years and I am excited to be joining Aneel, Mark and Phil on this call. I joined Workday prior to our IPO and it is a great privilege to step up to the leadership role as CFO and to continue preparing Workday for the many years of strong and profitable growth we see ahead. With that, let me turn to our results from the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we started the year with a strong first quarter generating record quarterly revenues, strong billings growth as well as strong trailing 12 months operating cash flow and free cash flows. We continue to grow at an exceptional rate and thank our new and existing customers for their continued support. Our total revenue for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 was 345 million, an increase of 38% from a year ago and within that our subscription revenue grew 39% to 280 million. We continue to demonstrate strong momentum across all our subscription revenue growth drivers, new customers, renewals and sales of additional products to existing customers. Our professional services revenue grew 31% to $65 million. As we mentioned on our last earnings call, given our success in simplifying implementations combined with the growth and maturity of our partner ecosystem we are increasingly shifting our go-to-market approach within professional services towards our partners. While Q1 was a strong quarter in services going forward we will not be ramping our professional services organization at the same growth rate you've historically seen. Our total derived billings, which is the sum of revenue and a sequential change in total unearned revenue was 372 million for the first quarter or a growth of 37% over last year. Total subscription billings which is the sum of subscription revenue and the sequential change in total unearned revenue, grew 38% to 306 million. Let's spend a few minutes on operating expenses and our results of operations. Unless otherwise noted, all references to our expenses, operating results and free cash flow are on a non-GAAP basis and are reconciled to our GAAP results within the tables posted on our IR website. Our non-GAAP operating profit for the first quarter was $11 million or an operating margin of 3.2%. As Aneel discussed the senior leadership team is focused on profitability as one of our core tenets. Q1 operating expenses benefitted from strong operating leverage and better than anticipated gross margins for professional services. While we are pleased with our margin performance in Q1 which indicates the increasing profitability of our model we've not changed our focus on prioritizing growth over margins given the large opportunities still ahead of us. Our trailing 12 month operating cash flow for the quarter was 328 million, growth of 90% over the comparable period a year ago. Our free cash flow was also strong increasing to a 188 million in the trailing 12 months greater than 10% of our trailing 12 month total revenue and not more than 200% from the same period a year ago. Note that in calculating free cash flow we have excluded $19 million related to our owned real-estate investments as we consider such investments non-recurring in nature. The strength of our cash flow in the quarter means that we now have $2.1 billion of cash and marketable securities on our balance sheet which continues to provide tangible evidence to our customers of the strength of our business and provides more than ample cash for our capital expansion and strategic M&A. In addition unearned revenue on our balance sheet at the end of Q1 was $926 million which is 42% growth year-over-year. Current unearned revenue which will be recognized over the next 12 months was $798 million or annual growth of 39%. The financial visibility provided by the future subscription revenue which reflects the long term nature of our contracts continues to give us high confidence in the sustained strength of our business. Operationally we continue to execute well against our vision, we successfully added over 300 employees to Workday this quarter bringing our total employee count at quarter end to over 5,550. Let me now turn to guidance, for Q2 fiscal 2017 we expect derived billings, which is the sum of revenue and the sequential change in unearned revenue to be approximately 420 million or 34% growth. Our subscription revenue forecast for the second quarter is 303 million to 304 million or 35% to 36% growth. We expect Q2 total revenue to be 371 million to 373 million or growth of 31% to 32%. The professional service is growing only 15% to 17% year-over-year in Q2 as a result of our pushing more services to our ecosystem. For fiscal 2017 we currently expect the range for our derived billings to increase to 1.87 billion, to 1.885 billion or 31% to 32% growth. We continue to estimate that our subscription revenue for fiscal 2017 will be 1.275 billion to 1.285 billion or growth of 37% to 38%. As we pointed out last quarter the timing of revenue recognition can be impacted by the amount of cash we bill and other contractual factors and we anticipate this will impact subscription revenue growth this year by up to five percentage points. As mentioned earlier with the shift in our go-to-market strategy with respect to services we expect professional services revenue to be approximately 270 million in fiscal 2017 or growth of 16%. Given these components we expect total revenue for fiscal 2017 will be 1.545 billion to 1.555 billion or growth of 33% to 34%. We continue to prioritize growth versus margins while maintaining our long term goal of 20% plus non-GAAP operating margins. While the positive margin we achieved in Q1 reflects the financial strength of our model, we do not anticipate maintaining that level of profitability next quarter or for the full year. We continue to expect non-GAAP operating margins will be approximately breakeven for fiscal 2017 with the Q2 operating loss between 1% and 3%. The change in our operating margins between Q1 and Q2 is driven largely by our expectation around hiring in Q2 and increases in cash compensation from our annual merit cycle that came into effect on May 1. The GAAP operating margins for the second quarter and the full year is expected to be approximately 25 to 27 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margins due primarily to the impact of share based compensation expense. Broad equity ownership among our employees remains one of our core principal and we continually monitor our compensation arrangement with review to maximize our long-term free cash flow per share. When calculating our free cash flow, we are excluding owned real estate investment projects as we consider these to be non-recurring in nature, excluding these projects our CapEx in the first quarter was 34 million and 140 million on a trailing 12 month basis. We expect CapEx for fiscal 2017, excluding owned real estate investments to be approximately $185 million. Cash flow is inherently difficult to forecast on a quarterly basis due to the changes in working capital, so we continue to expect operating and free cash flow growth excluding owned real estate investments to approximate growth in billings for fiscal 2017. We continue to expect capital expenses related to our owned real estate investment projects to be approximately 125 million.  Finally, we believe passionately in what we're trying to achieve as a company and we're still in the early stages of executing on a very big opportunity, we appreciate your interest in Workday and value your support of our long-term ambition.  With that, let's begin the Q&A process. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. 
Keith Weiss: Thanks for taking the question guys and very nice quarter. I just was hoping if you could clarify on the commentary on speaking about the margin profile on a going forward basis. Was the result of those discussions that you guys arent going to change your view on margins and still look at growth over-margin or is there some change in the margin profile, or were you just trying to point out that Q1 was normal versus the unchanged long-term priority?
Aneel Bhusri: I think Q1 is probably anomalous; the business plan for the year is pretty much set in stone at the start of the year, and were not really going to deviate from that. My comments in the opening remarks were much more about our focus for fiscal year '18 and beyond and the importance we're making throughout the company of getting to significant levels of profitability in the near future. The fact that it happened this quarter I think was really just a coincidence. 
Keith Weiss: Got it. And were there any difficulties in hiring or bringing or finding the people that you needed that maybe essentially push some of the expenses out of Q1 into Q2?
Aneel Bhusri: We were behind in some pockets but in general I think we're pretty much caught up and I suspect we'll continue to hire well, I actually think the hiring environment is pretty attractive right now, the draw for many of the startups in Silicon Valley is not what it was just a year or two years ago. 
Robynne Sisco: Keith, as we see the full quarter impact of Q1 hires and we continue to hire aggressively in Q2 that plus the - our [indiscernible] that goes into place May 1, of the merit cycles for our employees will really drive the lower margins in Q2. 
Keith Weiss: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Brent Thill with UBS. 
Brent Thill: Aneel you made a comment about the pipeline being healthy in the second half. I would assume that is tied to the on track release of Planning and Learning. I'm just curious if you're starting to see some of the deals now impacted, larger commitments, larger deal sizes as a result of those two solutions coming and what you're seeing in terms of the dynamic in the field with those on track for the second half?
Aneel Bhusri: So we've had a healthy pipeline for our student systems for quite some time. I think in the recent few months, we've seen Learning and Planning really jump up in terms of activity in the pipeline and interest from our customer base and Ill turn it over to Phil and provide more color on what we're seeing with the new products
Phil Wilmington: Yes, there is a lot of interest in Planning and Planning takes on really kind of two points of impact for us, one on the financial side which certainly enhances our ability to have larger transactions in financials, and the other is in the workforce analytics area, so it enhances our ability across the platform to look at larger transactions and I think you will see that impact in the second half of the year. Learning now outside the student area and in the corporate setting and environment as that product rolls out in the second half of the year will make -- give us the opportunity for larger transactions in human capital management. So on both platform fronts of our business, the addition of analytics certainly provides us with opportunity for larger transactions. 
Brent Thill: And just a quick follow up on financials, the street has been pretty focused in your ability to go up market, understandly into the Fortune 500, there are a lot of logos that you announced, but I guess in terms of the big ones that, you saw in Q1 and financials, could you just call out a couple of highlights if there were and if there weren't, maybe just give us a sense of what thats looking like there.
Aneel Bhusri: I would say general Q1 was not a big deal quarter for either of the product categories. We had a huge Q4 of big deals and Q2 and the rest of the quarters have them. Phil can talk about the ones for financials, I will say that there are many big financial deals in the pipeline for this year. I don't know which ones will close or when they'll close, but the number of big ones popping up in the pipeline has gone up quite considerably in the last, I think in the last 90 days.
Phil Wilmington: Yeah, the pipeline continues to grow and we had some large financial wins in Q4 and we'll see some in the second half of the year. We're pleased with the number of transactions we had in the financial area Q1 and the impact of seasonality with the close going on in many large financial, well in all companies within large financial organizations impacted us a little, and also our transition to bringing all of our sales organization online probably impacted us a little bit as we prepared the entire team to sell the products on a go forward basis. We're very excited about the number of large transactions as well as the overall transaction volume in the pipeline so I'm certain you'll see those as we go into the second quarter and then the second half of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much, I'll add my congratulations. Just following up on the last question, Aneel, I did want to ask you in general how is the broader field sales force responding to the stronger incentives that you put in place this fiscal year to have them sell Workday financials more broadly. I'm wondering just in general, is that generating the type of behavior that you intended and in fact producing a greater pipeline for later in the year, and also are you seeing signs that they can master the financial selling motion without taking their eye off the ball in terms of core HCM for this year.
Aneel Bhusri: You know the changes went into effect early in Q1. We've definitely seen the positive impacts, I will say and I think Phil echo it that it took a little longer to snap the new organizational model into place and get the approval processes in place. So that probably did have a little bit of an impact in Q1, but now we're seeing the benefits of that that shift and again you know from a product perspective we really rely on our pre-sales people on the financial side to drive the functional story and how we compete. On the sales side you know the relationships that the reps have at the CIO level and the CHRO level are really valuable as we sell financials in many cases back into that installed base and frankly the key player in that equation is the CIO, if we've got that CIO on our side after a successful HR deployment in many cases that individual actually opens up the door for the finance side and the sales cycle looks very, very similar to the HR sales cycle. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Furby with William Blair & Company.
Justin Furby: Hi guys, congrats on the quarter, thanks for taking my questions. I guess for either Aneel or Phil, was wondering if you could comment on the competitive dynamics you're seeing specific to financials. I guess once a company makes a decision they're going to either make some sort of change whether it'd be upgrading the next version of on premise or moving to a new system, how do win rates look for you specific in financials versus HCM and what's been the trend there, and Aneel how many live customers do you think you need before you have sort of a critical mass within the financials category and I've got a couple of follow ups, thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: I'd start with the second part of that question first. I think we have enough customers live on financials now and that's why the pipeline is doing so well on the financial side, and we've validated that with recent financial wins. It's not like it was a year or two years ago. So I feel very confident and in terms of large organizations being live, J. B. Hunt going live with the scale of transactions that they have was very-very helpful for other larger organizations, who frankly are looking at us from a scale on performance perspective and looking at peers that have their similar scale requirements and so J. B. Hunt is a very, very valuable reference for us now. You know in terms of the other part, I'll just turn over to Phil.
Phil Wilmington: Yes, I think I would maybe combine a little bit of this answer with the tail end of the question that was asked previous. I think our sales force is certainly excited about what its selling because the cloud has been substantiated on the platform side for not only HCM but financials and now for analytics like our planning solution. And this is a sales force that's now been prepared to be the only one in the industry that talks about that on the same technology stack. So our products are integrated and as Aneel said the involvement of the CIO along with the CFO and the CHRO are all involved in that decision process. We're coming in with one integrated product to address that need. Unified.
Aneel Bhusri: And that's actually one true product platform rather than some of the competition where they actually integrate lots of different technologies together, yes.
Phil Wilmington: Good point. And I think it's a tremendous competitive advantage that we're seeing growth in the pipeline and also our ability for our sales organization to get to the right levels of these organizations with this unified solution.
Aneel Bhusri: Thats a no from a competitive perspective, when we look at the landscape SAP still does not have a cloud offering for financials. Their strategy is S/4HANA, HANA's a database, HANA does not equal cloud and far as I can tell they don't have a multitenant true cloud offering whats even underway for financials, so thats a big win for us. And from the oracle perspective, I think they claim Hyperion hosted as cloud. So we just see a lot of run rate, a lot of opportunity and that two comes out in the same cycle.
Justin Furby: Thats helpful. And then I want here international, so it seems like thats an area where quarter-over-quarter allow your partners or even incrementally more constructive on. So I guess, can you give us sense or pipeline growth there and how would you sort of quantify that opportunity as it relates to financials in terms of impacting billings growth this year and like that one last of sort of healthy penning for Robynne. Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: So as a relates to international pipeline growth over the last few quarters weve seen more material growth in international markets than we did even in the North American pipeline on a percentage basis. And I think some of those markets were little slower to embrace the cloud and I think that is now going away, I think that there is more, the cloud is more readily accepted for ACM and for financials. And thats one of the reasons that were seeing pipeline growth. In addition to that thats the growth in the strength of our reference ability across our customer base and while many customers of ours currently may have started in North America, they have increased their deployments to include their international operations and with that comes recognition of the stability of our platform, the reference stability of our platform and because of that were see in pipeline growth in each of the theaters.
Phil Wilmington: And I would just add that the scale of the international opportunity right now is bigger than the scale of the financials opportunity for this year. But theyre somewhat intermingle, one of the things driving the international opportunity is the introduction of financials. And for the first time we saw multiple sales outside of North America, we saw multiple sales of financials in Europe across five different countries. We havent seen not before sort of one fee the other.
Justin Furby: Got it, thats helpful, thanks. And then Robynne really quickly, first congrats on the new role. I was just wondering if you could provide a little color on seasonality specific to the second half of a year both from the billings and subscription revenue basis. Thank you.
Robynne Sisco: Thanks Justin. So from subscription revenue basis when we look at the second half, were seeing for Q3 subscription revenue in the range of 329 to 331ish and we see professional services has been flat from Q2 to Q3. From a billings perspective, we expect to follow largely seasonality that youre seeing last year.
Justin Furby: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great, thank you for the question and I apologize if this was touched on a little bit already. I just wanted to ask a little bit with the change in how your structure the sales force earlier in the year. Kind of how do you see that play out and the efficiency of that in terms of driving leads and conversion now the people are selling every day? And also just given your comments earlier about making it easier for smaller businesses to deploy so spending time with those customers. How are the sales people kind of putting our timing between the elephant hunting and kind of the bread and butter of the small or mid-size of the market? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: So Ill take the second question first and then Phil can take the first question. On the second, when we have the sales force stratified and so we have a segment of the sales force that only focuses on the mid-market. And what weve found there is that well our product assumes an excellent fit, the deployment time and costs financially fit with the mid-market budgets. So starting over a year ago, we start investing heavily and deployment tools and technologies led by [indiscernible] tool out of Dublin, who is one of the founders KClear and has being with us now for, I think coming up on seven years. Weve build into incentive tools that dramatically reduce the costs of configuring Workday. And we think as we bring these tools to market, we can be very competitive with the lower end offerings in that marketplace to get those to hold up our pricing. So Id say, its a net new opportunity for us, its not an area we focused on and as we understood more about that market, they were more price sensitive on the implementation side and we found the way to automate much of thats really make it an attractive market for us. And then you want to talk about the combining HR finance sales force.
Phil Wilmington: Sure. Yes, thanks Heather for the question. I think probably one of the biggest area is just overall relationships with the large accounts. When we had people selling HCM go in they do the HCM transaction and theyve move onto others. I think youve heard us to talk in many of the calls about long-term value with the customer and it does announce with just HCM transaction or financial transaction. It really builds off of a knowledge of the account, the penetration into the account and knowing that account and needs of that account as a relates to the cloud platform. Our people now able to focus on that entire relationship invest in it and make sure that there is a smooth transition from the evaluation of one particular product suit to our other product suits and then the successful implementation. So were making that investment and I believe that it protects the long-term value of those customers and a customer doesnt want to be look at is an individual transaction, they want that relationship with the cloud provider overtime, I think were much better structure to suit that on a go forward basis.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Richard Davis with Canaccord.
Richard Davis : Can you guys are kind of unique in a lot of ways, but what's interesting to me is that while most firms kind of started more or less with small customers and then moved up, you guys kind of landed at the top of the funnel in terms of customer size early on and so my point here is that while everyone need to uptime, big companies really need service level agreements and things like that. So my question is to what degree has your ability to kind of scale and stay up and running than a competitive differentiator because I can imagine to some degree that would be a nice reference, from a small company, go hey look we handle all the biggest guys on the planet. So if you could help me out if I was a sales person would that be a wedge that I'd be using? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: So, its a big differentiator and when we ask about, when we talk about the customers and prospects really doing the references vis--vis our competitors, this is one of areas that we really ask them to dig into. I think SAP had nine outages in the month of January, I think it's well documented and written up and you know in terms of SLAs Oracle's downtime when they moved from version to version they asked for two days and we migrate all our customers in two hours. So some of the fine print of SLAs and production that you get from having done it for over a decade the way we have and in the true multitenant way of getting to surface as frankly our competitors are having to deliver against their promises over the last couple of years and [indiscernible] and it's not just me it's written up I think really broadly, are really struggling to prove it out. The cloud stuff is hard and you know I tell everybody it's not like you just take all the applications, throw the up in the cloud and they work, it doesn't work that way. Ask Amazon, ask Salesforce, ask us, really got to engineer it for production and for scale.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead from Deutsche Bank.
Karl Keirstead: I wouldnt mind going back to your comments around the path to profitability, you seem to be hinting that there might be an improvement in fiscal '18. I'm just wondering if you could comment on what the catalyst was to get to you and the rest of the executive team to rethink that out year margin profile. And then just as a quick follow up, was there any change in invoicing duration in the quarter to call out? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: You know I wouldnt necessarily say it was rethinking our focus on profitability, I think it was just putting our mind on it and candidly since we started the Company and through the IPO we've been very focused on growth. When we saw what was occurring with our HCM product line and the level of profitability we've been achieving, we looked at it and said, this is a clear pathway here and frankly I don't like the gyrations in the stock price when these markets swing wildly and I think frankly profitability is a buffer, I watched how sales versus stock traded when the market was melting down and how our stock traded, and fully there is a premium based on profitability. And while we're very focused on the market opportunity and the growth from a shareholder perspective and employee perspective having that level of profitability is important, and the Company that I admire most in the tech world like Amazon and Google and Facebook and Salesforce, it's a rite of passage, theyve passed it and it's the next in our growth and evolution for being a long-term player in this market.
Robynne Sisco: So address your second question, Karl we really found no meaningfully changes this quarter from previous quarters and invoicing terms of duration?
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: Can you comment on tax rate of payroll and recruiting modules on top of your new customers you won in this quarter that's it for me thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Those tax rates were very similar to the ones we've seen in the previous couple of quarters. I think we'll see that continue to stabilize in those product areas and we touched earlier on a couple of days kind of exciting other product areas that will see began to impact tax rate as we go into the second half of the year with planning and learning.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Di Fucci with Jefferies.
John Di Fucci: What is that needs to happen for new financials contracts to get that 25% SaaS by 2018 that Gardner is predicting here, is it customer's comfort with putting something so important it's often cost to customized in the cloud or is the simple maturation of product, both years and others are out there?
Aneel Bhusri: I think it's far more the latter than the former. The CIO is the same for both HR and Finance and frankly that person is more in the driver seat. What I see in the sales cycle is frankly people are more focused on sensitivity of HR data than finance data, so I don't think it's a fear to cloud and people frankly are putting legacy systems into the cloud anyways just to reduce their processing cost. I think it's much more of the latter which is, our systems or the cloud systems has to be functional enough to turn off the legacy systems, its exactly what happened to the HR market back in 2011, 2012 we just hit an inflection point where clearly we had enough functionality to turn-off people software and SAP on Oracle HR system, without that people are going to carry two systems and that just doesn't make any sense. I think on the finance, we are largely there, there are still pockets around some global capabilities, planning is a huge-huge deliverable. I think planning is a big catalyst going into the end of this year and sent to the following fiscal year. So, I really think it's that functional footprint and the reality is there's no innovation happening on premise anymore anyways and if you want a modern finance system which people do in two or three years the cloud offerings are going to be the only choices that are on the market.
John Di Fucci: Thats interesting, if I could just a quick follow-up. Because often times we hear, especially your comment about the sensitivity of HR perhaps being even greater than financials, because often times, we'll hear people out there, so called the experts say something that conflicts with that and why do you think financials would be less sensitive than HR data?
Aneel Bhusri: When you sit down with Chief Security Officer at a Fortune 500 company, they're so-so sensitive on the loss of any employee data. And finance data has a time value to it, it's valuable for only a short amount of time and in many cases it's not even, it's not even that useful in the hands of other people, but peoples self-security numbers and personal information, are things that are near and dear to the hearts of every Chief Security Officer and there're frankly privacy and security rules again around it. And I think what's happened in that marketplace is they've come to a conclusion, there's cloud actually far more secure and private than anything that was being done on premise and I think the same thing is happening with finance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research.
Mark Moerdler: So, now that you've build the new tools to be able to implement more quickly to the mid-sized market making it more affordable from the services point of view, how should we think about the opportunity impact of selling to more mid-market on revenue as well on margins? And then a quick follow-up.
Aneel Bhusri: I don't think it's going to have -- if these tools work the way we expect them to work and we've already got good points that they do, I don't think it's going to have any impact on margins. It definitely opens up a broader segment of the marketplace. When you look outside the U.S. many of the large economies are frankly mid-market economies, Germany as an example is full of mid-market sized companies. So, this new approach to deployment has paced off hugely across the globally, not just in the U.S. mid-market, so I think it opens up a significant chunk of our market both for HR and financials across the globe. And it's not like we haven't been successful there, it just that we tend to be successful with Silicon Valley high growth company that expects to be a large company and they're willing to pay a little extra for Workday, but if it's a mid-market company that's largely going to stay a mid-market company. In some cases the deployments have been too expensive and this addresses that issue. And the other part that we've seen with the mid-market is that they do like the platform purchases and that frankly reduces the sales and marketing costs as you can sell the platform them.
Mark Moerdler: And that brings me right me to my follow-up, how do you think going forward we should think about the mix of full platform sales versus selling of just HCM or financials, how much do you think that increases or how much do you think overall it could within the mix?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I just sort of define the question maybe slightly differently and then turn it over to Phil, I think large enterprises typically don't buy platforms, they don't buy the systems together because the projects are probably on different timelines, but the idea that they might be a platform customer because they buy two separate transactions is high and I think that will be, I don't know what's you get 50%. Yes, I think it is certainly approach that and I think your point there and the question is it's a profile on how those market segments buy and they're a far larger number of what's been traditionally referred to as mid-enterprise companies that want to make one platform selection for HCM and financials. What they've been forced to do prior is to settle for products that were less sophisticated because the sophisticated products the once with robust functionality were expensive to implement, that's no longer going to be the case. Just because the company is smaller doesn't mean they have less sophisticated functional needs, so we think the opportunity that we have to bring the right product from a feature and function standpoint with the right technology platform, cost effectively implemented, provides a great opportunity for growth for us.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Pat Walravens with JMP Securities.
Pat Walravens: What kind of acquisitions should we expect from Workday? I mean are there any particular technology areas, for example that you could go deeper in with the right acquisition?
Aneel Bhusri: There are, I'm not sure how much we want to share on the call. I would say that, look at our past acquisitions as a precursor to future acquisitions, we tend to look for core technologies that improve our platform rather than big revenue streams, and so if you look at what we've done recently [indiscernible] for collaborative spreadsheets, MediaCore for video learning platform, Identified for data sciences, Cape Clear for integration. I think that's a pretty good lens to look through what we do in the future and all of those are now sown in and native to our platform. The [indiscernible] technology is the basis for what we're doing and planning, a MediaCore technology is the basis what we're doing in learning, I would look for acquisitions in that manner, that answers your question Pat?
Pat Walravens: Okay, yes. I think we'll see it. And then as volumes regarded, and I think you address this briefly with your comment about profitability in the stock price, but when we look at some of these survey websites, it looks like the moral maybe took a dip among employees at Workday, I know thats something that you're still focused on. Is there anything you can tell us about what might cause that whether it's true impact and what plans are to address them?
Aneel Bhusri: We've definitely had some growing pain over the last 12 months. Half of the employees have been at the company for two to two and half years. It's a topic that we've been on for the last six months and one by one, I read the Glassdoor stuff very carefully, we're trying to get to the root of some of the issues and I think we've addressed a bunch of them, in some cases we just needed to organize that functional area differently to adjust for scale, and candidly we have a bunch of college grads that we needed, we have done a great job bringing them into the company, we've got a better job creating long-term clear path for them and these are all things that are we got under waiting. So I feel very good where we are today, I would say three, four months ago, this was an area of concerned and working with Ashley Goldsmith our great CHRO, we've been on it and making big progress and I think we'll be back to the old ways or the old view of the company from new employees. But I can't really think this is a bigger challenge for any high growth company that has a positive culture, more challenging than actually the competitions is just keeping sure that -- keeping the culture on track. 
Pat Walravens: Great, thanks very much. 
Aneel Bhusri: Thanks, everyone. 
Operator: We thank you for your participation in today's earnings call. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-02-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Haase - Vice President of Finance, Investor Relations, and Treasurer Aneel Bhusri - Chief Executive Officer Mark Peek - Chief Financial Officer Phil Wilmington - Co-President
Analysts: Mark Murphy - JP Morgan Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Brent Thill - UBS Justin Furby - William Blair & Company Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Scott Berg - Needham John Di Fucci - Jefferies Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch Mark Moerdler - Sanford Bernstein Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand it over to Mike Haase. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Haase: Welcome to Workday's fourth quarter fiscal 2016 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; and Mark Peek, our CFO and Philip Wilmington, our Co-President. Following Aneel and Marks prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate, and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations, and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP operating losses, operating margins, EPS and interest expense. These non-GAAP financial measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of share-based compensation, employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and debt discount and issuance costs associated with our convertible notes. We will also discuss free cash flow. These non-GAAP financial measures, which are used as measures of Workday's performance, should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or in isolation from, GAAP results. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. Also, the Customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Our first quarter quiet period begins at the close of business April 15, 2016. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparison in this call will be to our results for that comparable period of our fiscal 2015. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Mike. And thanks again to everyone joining us for our Q4 call. We appreciate your interest in Workday. Im pleased to announce that Workday ended fiscal year 2016 on a high note with very strong Q4 across product lines and across the globe. As you hear from Mark Q4 was also an excellent quarter from a financial metrics perspective and sets us up for a very exciting fiscal year 2017. So lets start with some of the highlights for Q4. Workday in Q4 and fiscal year 2016 with 1,181 customers representing an increase of over 100 customers from Q3 as we add Airbus, Marsh & McLennan, Kohl's, and F. Hoffmann-LaRoche and 200,000 person global profession services organization as new HCM customers. Even more exciting Workday also ended fiscal year 2016 with 2007 financial management customers adding over 40 new customers in Q4 alone far in way our strongest quarter of selling our financial management applications in the history of the company. During Q4 the pipeline for financials also grew significantly up over 150% as compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015. As we continue drive sales of our financial management applications into larger and larger organization we are pleased to announce several large enterprise Financials customers. The Ohio State University, Arizona State University, Brown & Brown Insurance, Godaddy.com are one of leading security exchanges in the world. Q4 also saw two very important customer goal-lives at Workday. First of all, Transportation Leader, J.B. Hunt live in our full management suite making them our biggest financial customer in production. As a Fortune 500 Company J.B. Hunt is a strong proof point that supports the breadth and scalability of our financial suite and our ability to meet the needs of Fortune 500 companies. And the HCM side of business Bank went live making them our largest HCM customer in production. These two customers go lives our major milestones for Workday and indicators of the strength of both our product and our business. These two customers join our community of live customers who rank their customer satisfaction levels at 98%. In total over 70% of our customers were operating live with Workday application and importantly we also hit a major milestone with over 100 companies live on Workday financials. As we wrap Q4 I know many of you would like some color on the macro environment and the competitive dynamics in our industry. Regarding the macro environment we continue to monitor our pipeline closely, but so far we have not witness any impact on demand. We think demand for our products continues to be driven more by secular technology shifts where we enjoy a strong competitive advantage. Our business also has minimal exposure to China at this time. On the competitive front Im pleased to report that our win rates in Q4 were the highest we have seen over the past eight quarters. We fared very well against all of the major vendors in our market and enjoyed historically strong win rates against both of our legacy competitors SAP and Oracle, and our win rates were highest in the large enterprise market where we have a strong track record of customers success and star comparison to our legacy competitors and continue to struggle to provide live customers reference at scale. As we head into fiscal year 2017, we expect our momentum to continue and believe our net new ACV growth rate will accelerate as compared to fiscal year 2016 driven both new customer acquisition and additional sales to existing customers. We are incredibly thankful to our employees and our customers for helping us to become only the second peer enterprise SaaS Company to reach a $1 billion run rate in subscription revenues following our friends at salesforce.com. From a market perspective we have $60 billion opportunity in front of us, believe that cloud HCM market to be lightly penetrated and seeing opportunity in financials that is even more significant in size. Our renewal rates are strong and sales to our customer base are also growing fast as evidence by the success with our recruiting product which now has been subscribe to by 545 customers in less than two years. With the growing momentum weve experienced in the sales and deployment of our financial applications and the fact that approximately 30% of our new customers subscribed to the full platform, we have made a decision to have our entire group of sales representatives across the globe carry both HCM and financial management product lines significantly increasing the coverage for our financial management applications. This year also promises to be exciting one from a product perspective. We have two major updates schedule for the next 12 months Workday 26 and 27. Key highlights of Workday 26 include French payroll, new machine learning and predictive analytic capabilities, branding and personalization, day one scorecards and new implementation tooling, all of which will be available in March of this year. With Workday 27 scheduled for the fall of 2016, we will deliver exciting new Workday applications including planning, learning management and the full student product line. Taking together these three new offerings have a total adjustable market of more than $5 billion. As we head into fiscal year 2017, I would also like to highlight shift in our go-to-market approach, specifically given our success simplifying the deployment process combined with a growth of majority of our Partner Ecosystem we will not ramping our own profession services organization at the same growth rates as we have in the past. Importantly, our big implementation partners including Accenture and Aon Hewitt, Deloitte, IBM, Mercer PWC have aggressively scaled their Workday practices over the past 12 months to meet the demands of our joint customers enabling Workday relying more heavily on the Partner Ecosystem for the majority of customers implementations. This shift allows Workday to deploy new headcount into other areas of the company. Lastly, Im pleased to announce that our Co-President Phil Wilmington will be joining Mark and me for the Q&A session today. Going forward Phil will regularly attend our earnings calls to provide some color from the field. Please feel free to direct sales and customer services related questions to Phil, especially the hard ones. I will now turn over to Mark to cover our fourth quarter results and our guidance for fiscal year 2017. Take it away, Mark.
Mark Peek: Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon, everyone. Our fourth quarter capped an excellent year for Workday. Let me start with our strong financial results for the quarter and the year. Subscription revenue is now at a $1 billion run rate and grew 44% to $262 million for the quarter and 52%, $929 million for the year. Total revenue was $323 million reflecting growth of 43% from Q4 of last year and $1.162 billion or 48% for the full year. We continue to demonstrate strong momentum across our subscription revenue growth driver, new customers, renewals and sales of additional products to existing customers. This momentum is also positively reflected in our backlog and unearned revenue. At the close of fiscal 2016, the sum of backlog in unearned revenue represented $2.5 billion in future subscription revenues. Our non-cancelable backlog which is not yet on the balance sheet was $1.56 billion or annual growth of 62% -- or 63% in constant currency. On our balance sheet unearned revenue at the end of fiscal year 2016 was $900 million which is 42% growth year-over-year, 44% in constant currency, current unearned revenue which will be recognized over the next fiscal year subscription revenue was $769 million or annual growth of 40%. The financial visibility provided by this future subscription revenue is a high confidence in the sustained strength of our business. We continue to invest in the large opportunity we see ahead of us. Our non-GAAP operating loss for the fourth quarter was about $800,000 close to breakeven. For the year our non-GAAP operating loss was $2.7 million or about 23 basis points of total revenue. Throughout fiscal 2016 our non-GAAP operating margin was within 1% plus or minus to breakeven. We are able to continue to invest in our business as our strong result translates into strong cash flow dynamic. Operating cash flow for fiscal 2016 was $259 million, that is over 150% growth in operating cash flow from last year. Our free cash flow was also strong, increasing from breakeven last year to $125 million in fiscal 2016 are over 10% of total revenue. Operationally, we continue to execute well against our vision and appreciate the continued support we have received from both our new and existing customers. This quarter was the first in our history in which we signed over 100 new customers. Again, this quarter the dollar value of contracts from renewing customers exceeded the original contract value supporting our thesis with satisfied customer become long-term customers. We successfully added and integrated 1500 employees to Workday this year bringing our total at year end to over 5200 people. Let me now turn to guidance. As we look at fiscal 2017, our pipeline looks strong. For fiscal 2017 we currently expect derived billings, which is the sum of revenue and the sequential change in unearned revenue to be $1.855 billion to $1.875 billion or 30% to 31% growth, with just 42% of total billings expected in the first half of the year. We estimate that subscription revenue for fiscal 2017 will be $1.25 billion to $1.285 billion or growth of 37% to 38%. As we pointed out last quarter, the timing of revenue recognition can be impacted by the amount of cash we bill and other contractual factors. And we anticipate this will impact subscription revenue growth this year by up to five percentage points. As Aneel mentioned as a result of the great success of our partners we are reallocating our investments in professional services and expect professional service revenue to be approximately $265 million in fiscal 2017, a growth of 14%. We estimate that total revenue for fiscal 2017 will be $1.54 billion to $1.55 billion, a growth of 33%. We expect Q1 derived billings to be between $360 million and $365 million, or growth of 33% to 34% or 35% to 37% for subscription billings. We expect Q1 total revenue to be $337 million to $339 million, or growth of 34% to 35%. Our subscription revenue forecast for the first quarter is $277 million to $278 million or 38% growth. Subscription revenue is expected to grow sequentially in Q2 and each remaining quarter in FY 2017 by just under 10%. We continue to prioritize growth versus margins while maintaining our longer term goals of 20 plus percent operating margin. Although, we do not think of HCM and finance as a separate business HCM and related products had non-GAAP operating margins in fiscal 2016 comfortably exceeding 10% and on a path to exceed our longer term target of 20 plus percent. However, we believe the price is much bigger HCM and satisfied HCM customers are great entry point for our financials product as evidence by customers such as Aon, Netflix and J.B. Hunt. As Aneel discussed earlier given the strength of the business and the expansion of our addressable market we plan to continue to invest in both product development in our sales and marketing activities. Product investments first include new application, learning, planning and student. And secondly, continued innovation of existing products as we expand both our technical and functional lead over our competitor. Our sales investments were focus on expanding our sales force and presale support to accelerate our growth and focus on the opportunity in financial. As a result of these initiative we will add at least as many people as we did in fiscal 2016. We expect to have non-GAAP operating losses of up to 1% of revenue in the first quarter, and approximately breakeven for the year with operating profit in the fourth quarter. This transition to operating profit is another milestone in our long-term objective of 20 plus percent operating margin.  For fiscal 2018 we expect operating leverage and profitability for the year. The GAAP operating margin for the first quarter is expected to approximately 23 percentage points to 25 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margin. For the full year, the GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 25 percentage points to 27 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margin. Our non-GAAP EPS for both quarter and the year were about breakeven with a $0.01 loss per share. Even our net loss from a GAAP perspective, all outstanding stock options, warrants and common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive and not included in the loss per share calculations in our GAAP financial statement.  We expect CapEx excluding our development and customer center to be approximately $185 million. Cash flow is inherently difficult to forecast on a quarterly basis due to changes in working capital, but we expect operating in free cash flow growth excluding new buildings, to approximate growth in billings for fiscal 2017. Finally, as mentioned previously we have invested in lands near our Pleasanton headquarters for potential future expansion. I'm pleased to announce were ready break ground and build a state of the art customer briefing facility and development center on this land. In fiscal 2017 we expect capital expense for the project to be approximately $125 million. The entire project is expected to be ready for occupancy in fiscal 2019 and we will fund construction from cash on our balance sheet. To summarize, were very pleased with our very strong fourth quarter. Looking ahead, were continuing to invest for the long-term and see a very large opportunity in front of us. You should expect us to continue making significant investments in our product development and global market expansion to maximize our long-term growth opportunities. With that, lets begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line Mark Murphy with JP Morgan.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Thank you very much and congratulations on a very strong finish to the year. I had a question for either Aneel or Phil. So, it appears that Oracle's cloud credits, in other words their free trials, are expiring or perhaps not being offered as aggressively anymore as they had been previously. So, I'm curious if you sense that you have weathered the storm if you will, in terms of that type of competitive tactic that could perhaps be subsiding at this point? And if so, could that enable your win rates to continue trending higher this fiscal year as it appears they have been in the last few quarters?
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Mark, for the question. Id say first and foremost whats impacting our competitors, our legacy competitors in particular is their inability to get customers live and in the production especially the large customers. And I think when both companies, when SAP and Oracle moved in to the cloud they were given a bit of a hall pass. They marketed the right terms, they used the same buzz word. But at the end of the day we all get measured about getting customers successful and in production and they failed. They have some proof points here and there, but in the large part neither really embraced a true cloud model and I think they are paying the price for that. Whether the sales activities or promotions that they've had has had an impact, Ill come back and ask Phil to respond to that. I do think that referenceability is much important today than it was 12 months ago, because now theyve had the time to take customers into production they havent been able to and we continue to move forward, still 75% of our customers are in production and with J.B. Hunt and Bank of America, two proof points of very large companies in production with Workday and being happy. So I think thats actually the real driver behind win rates going forward.
Phil Wilmington: I think the only think that would say in addition to that market is that, its a very educated consumer in the marketplace right now. And they realize that discounted subscription offer is only one piece to the equation. The amount of time that it takes to bring the application live, the cost of implementation, these are all factors that impacted total cost of ownership over time. And again to Aneels point, referenceability drives home all of factors. So prospects are doing their homework. They are talking to customers who have gone through similar experiences and theyve looked at the balance of not only discounting, but the cost to implement et cetera as it rounds out the financial picture and that's what they're basing their decisions on 
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you, guys, for taking the question and good quarter. I was wondering about, as you enter FY 2017 and as you change the go-to-market strategy around the edges in terms of giving as more to sales, selling across the entire portfolio and also getting partners more involved in terms of pushing more professional services, is there any chance of disruption or any sort of reorientation that has to go on that we should be aware of as we head into Q1 and further in the year as those changes are put into place? Or do you expect them to be pretty seamless?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I think we expect them to be seamless. They've already happened. In particular on the sales change to carrying our products, first of all, thats been the case in the mid-market for quite some time and what weve seen in this success of selling the full platform and we highlight that 30% of our customers in Q4 bought everything that we have or bought HR and Financials together, thats beginning to move our market. So its a natural move to have the sales person carry both products. And its something weve already experienced with in the mid-market. Were now just moving it up market. So, the part with the partners, again, that just a natural progression, frankly we built out a much bigger professional services organization several years ago, because the Ecosystem wasnt necessarily sure that Workday was going to be the vendor of choice in many cases. Now that we won so many large account, all of the big vendors over the last 12 months have made big investments and theyre doing a great job. They getting our customers live. Theyre ramping up more training consultants and it just takes the pressure off of us to be part of all the deployments, so its a natural progression and its a right time for us to shift that model and that was always the intention going back to when we started the company to rely and work closely with our Partner Ecosystem. We just took a little longer than wed expected.
Keith Weiss: Got it. And then on the margin side of the equation, Id imagine that there should be a pretty nice positive gross margin impact on the overall gross margin as you guys focused more on subscription business versus doing the services work yourself?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. Absolutely. I dont know, Mark, do you want to add any detail.
Mark Peek: Yes. Certainly, weve guided professional services to be down 14% and that will drive gross margin as we pick it up with subscription revenue.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS
Brent Thill: Thanks. Mark, you accelerate the backlog to 63% constant currency, which I believe is up over the low 50% number you put up last year. Yet youre guiding the billings for somewhere around to low 30% growth rate. Can you just walk through the delta behind the backlog growth and then billing delta for this year?
Mark Peel: Brent, when you look subscription revenue billings, its going to be mid-30s, still part of it is just part of the 30% to 31% as a result of where we see profession services going next year. And we just had a terrific year with respect to large customer, just a slightly expanded length of contract by about two months relative to a year ago. And so we focused very much on the economics on a contract-by-contract basis and all-in-all its a great year.
Brent Thill: Okay. And for Aneel and Phil, just as relates to the highest win rate in eight quarters. Can you maybe just talk a little bit about what youre seeing what you think was the cost for that nice acceleration in the fourth quarter and just so Im clear, when you now have all the reps on financials, when you look at the extra capacity now thats been brought to the behind financials, can you just give us a sense of what percent was on quota to now everyone's on quota, what tailwind if you will that youre adding now on a percentage basis or if theres another relevant metric, that would be helpful? 
Aneel Bhusri: In terms of our success in Q4, I would attribute to great sales execution, great sales team led by Phil. And again coming back were going to sound like a broken record on this, but its really coming back to customer success. We really do a great job getting customers into production and success. We're running at 98% customer satisfaction. And that just becoming a much more important factor as the market matures. Again Ill say it again, in the early days when the slide where look the same and the buzz word sound the same, its hard for customers to tell. But after the legacy guys have had a couple of years of trying and not succeeding, getting customers into production, they begin to understand that there might not be so much meat behind the bone or meat on the bone in terms of actually not focusing on sales but actually customer success. I guess the best thing to look at for how we believe the business is going to move forward next year. We say very clearly we expect the net new ACV growth rate to accelerate in 2017 versus 2016 and that comes largely due to our belief that financials is really beginning to hit its stride and HR continues to do quite well. And Phil, do you want to talk about sales force productivity or anything else on that side.
Phil Wilmington: Well, I think part of sales force productivity is not only the efforts that the account executives or sales people have in their process, but along with our referenceability, along with driving our message by encouraging prospects, talk to other customers, we will continue to lead with our product. We show our product very early in sales cycles. We put it in the hands of prospect. We help them get a feel for how that product could improve the day-to-day operating environments and efficiencies within their company. And then we challenge our competitors to do the same. So as Aneel said there were lot of claims that were made early on as to what products could do. What slide said and thats now what helps drive customers decision. Weve got great solution consultants in our organizations that play part of our sales teams and they help put that product in the hands of prospects during the demonstration and evaluation and our products speak for itself and our customers help then substantiate that with the referenceability.
Brent Thill: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Furby with William Blair & Company.
Justin Furby: Thanks guys and congrats. I want to first ask you Aneel or Phil, the 45 Financials wins in the quarter, thats a big number. I was just wondering if you look out to fiscal 2017 and you billings guidance, are we at a point where financials could be something like 15%, 20% of billings or no, not yet. Im just curious how long in your mind until were at a spot where we at parity in terms of new business between HR and financials and when we get there how fast do you think the HR business is growing at that point. I know its obviously a guess, but appreciate any commentary?
Aneel Bhusri: Its like five questions in there.
Justin Furby: Yes. I try to make as many as I can.
Aneel Bhusri: Definitely we see a future where financials will be at least half of the net new business and I think Q4, I wont it caught us by surprise, because weve been planning for financials to take off. It did happen. It took off. And were seeing the platform deals, were seeing the high attach rates and were seeing the customer success. An interesting data point which will help you model this out. It took us a six years to get us to our first 100 financial customers and additional year to get to our 200 customer level. So obviously the pace of financials sales has accelerated quite dramatically in the last 12 months. And weve continue  we expect that to continue over the foreseeable future. The hard part in answering your question is, HR continues to grow well and grow at a nice clip and its hard for us to forecast that far out when Financials might takeover HR, we dont it to take over HR in time soon, could that mean HR slowing down, but Financials is growing at a much fast clip than HR. I dont think  I dont know, Mark, 15% to 20% thus probably a little early for that?
Mark Peel: Thats bit early for that.
Aneel Bhusri: Its a bit early for that. But its not a crazy assumption in the not so just in future.
Justin Furby: Okay. Thats helpful. And then Mark on the 10% sequential sub guide in  I think you said Qs [ph] through four. That seems to be even bigger than what youve done last few quarters. So Im wondering try to better understand what drives the confidence around that number? And Ive got one more if I can flip in as well.
Mark Peek: We initiated subscription revenue guidance for the year and wanted to make sure that we had a nice clean calendar going out through fiscal 2017. But the subscription revenue guidance is really a derivative of the billings and the bookings that weve done as reflected in the current unearned. And so its just under 10% sequentially as is our starting point, Im driven off of the 277 to 278 we expect in Q1.
Justin Furby: Okay. And then on the commentary around HR and Financials, and I appreciate that in terms of two very different margin profile. So, just wondering how long you think it is before Financials might hit something like a breakeven trajectory in terms of EBIT margin? Thanks.
Mark Peek: Well, I think it goes back to the question that to ask Aneel about where the bookings cross. But were not putting a timeframe on it, but clearly what weve seen from HRs, once we have a business with now has 1200 customers is progressing really nicely, were beginning to go through a renewal cycle on it, is that there is a lot of leverage to this model. And we continue to invest also on additional products as we move forward and expanded our TAM in the last few years by almost 50%. So I dont want to put a timeframe on individual products but certainly we wanted to give you a look at least at HR and to show you the profitability of this model.
Aneel Bhusri: I might also add that the competitive landscape for financials looks quite appealing. I think we continue to win our fair share in HR. Id say the financials landscape is probably even more attractive. SAP doesnt really have a cloud strategy for Financials. And Oracle is going to struggle with the same issues about getting customers into production with Fusion as I have with HR.
Justin Furby: Got it. Thanks guys and congrats.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you. I just had a couple of questions. I was wondering if you could walk us through some of the initial feedback from the sales changes where now the sales people are carrying all the products. And I guess what Im wondering is how do we think about the sales cycles for Financials accelerating as a result to that? And then, the second question would just be related to, have you noticed any changes in conversations with the Fortune 500 where it seems like theyve obviously embraced HCM and the cloud and Financials has been forward to take off. Im just wondering how the conversations with those customers over the last few months might have started to differ in the largest customers? Thanks you
Aneel Bhusri: So, Ill take the second question first Heather and then Ill turn over the first one to Phil.
Heather Bellini: Okay. Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Second question, definitely a lot more Fortune 500 conversations around Financials, the Fortune 500 marketplace is generally a risk-neutral to risk-averse marketplace. So, theyve been looking for proof points. J.B. Hunt is really, really important proof point for us to have them in production. And they have fairly high transaction volumes. And then people are looking Aon, Netflix has been in production for a while. So now we have the proof points that are not theoretically, that are actual and its causing us to have more of those conversations. And were not finding any issues about financials and the cloud, seeing any difference that HR and the cloud. So, I suspect its going to play out the same. People were looking for proof points and they were looking for enough functionality to turn off the legacy systems and I think we now have both. And so I do expect that Financials is going to accelerate both in terms of the number of deals as well as the size of deals and Q4 was a proof point. And again, it took us six years to get to 100 and only a year to get to 200, so  and that just tells you whats happening in the business right now. 
Phil Wilmington: And Heather on the first part of your question I think one of the things that we are learning is that in direct response what are customers were asking for. They want to deal with the consistent approach as it relates to looking at our applications to fulfill all the needs on the application side of their enterprise. The way we first came to market they dealt with an HR rep and then as we were rolling Financials out they would deal with another team that would coming on Financials. Now thats a consistent approach, so the development of the understanding of the customers needs that we get in the beginning parts of the sales cycles goes all the way through our sales cycle. And the role of technology and the role of the CIO was also changing as were not viewed as just a particular one application vendor, so it allows our people a better opportunity to engage and work with the CIOs of organizations as they look Workday as a complete application platform partner for both HR and Financials. And were seeing that consistency come back in terms of feedback from prospects and customers has been very beneficial so that they get the understanding of the impact of our applications across our enterprise and I think with the 30% of the wins we have been platform wins during the last quarter, during the fourth quarter is evidence is that is thats working.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank.
Karl Keirstead: Thanks. Question for Mark. Mark, long-term DR upticked meaningfully for the second quarter in a row. Do you mind taking a second to walk through that? Assuming its greater demand for multi-year deals, does it take any added discounting to pull that off? A little color would be helpful. Thank you.
Mark Peek: Sure. Its relatively simple. First of all, our discounting discipline has stayed really strong and really consistent over the last eight quarters or so. Its  and so with the non-current unearned revenue really represents is just the amount of revenue that we wont be recognizing in that next year. And it goes back to the five points that we talked about. Last quarter and that impacts the subscription this year.
Karl Keirstead: Okay. Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest.
Brendan Barnicle: Thanks so much. Mark, I wanted to follow up on that 5%, actually. So, that was what you guided to last quarter as well. It had been a little bit lower earlier on. Are we now at a stable point where you think 5% is what it will be? Or will that change as you have more of a mix towards financials? 
Mark Peek: Thats what we think its going to be. We've reflected it back in the commentary a quarter ago and its reflected in the guidance this year and things have really remained unchanged. And then we expect that to reverse beginning next year and ended 2019.
Brendan Barnicle: Terrific. And then, just a follow-up for Aneel. Aneel, over the years you've talked about verticals. Now that you've built out more of the financials and more of the add-ons to HCM, do you think or look at focusing more on those verticals as you do product planning for this year?
Aneel Bhusri: If you were to look at our success with Financials, it actually is very much tied to the verticals we focused in on. We have said from day one were focused on the 70% of the market that is non-manufacturing, so that 70% of the market thats services based and first three verticals we really focused in on were E&G, Education and Government plans and services and healthcare and were seen strong tractions across all three of those verticals.  And with professional services automation, were moving more into the technology vertical. So, were just going to continue to expand verticals as we get proof points and the ones that were in until weve got pretty good coverage across all the services verticals. I also do think that over time we will get some traction within the manufacturing vertical by way of integrating into an existing on-premise manufacturing where they want to modern accounting system but might want to leave their manufacturing system on premise.
Brendan Barnicle: Great. Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Berg with Needham.
Scott Berg: Hi, guys, I echo the sentiment on the great quarter. I guess two questions for either Aneel or Phil on the financial side. First of all, who do you consider to be your primary competition from what you saw in the quarter? Just trying to understand who you displaced more, because the mid-market competitors in that end segment are certainly different than the enterprise customers? And then secondly, from a capacity standpoint, your implementation capacity was being shifted off to partners. Trying to understand how that directly relates to financials versus the more mature HR market that I assume the partners are really probably working with.
Aneel Bhusri: Sure, so from a competitive perspective it is the same, it is SAP and Orcale. We really moved out of the low end of the midmarket, where we might have seen NetSuite, we see NetSuite in a very, very small handful of situations now. So it really is primarily SAP and Orcale. And every now and then we will replace great plans or dynamics, Microsoft doesn't really have a Cloud strategy for their financial products. I would say that is the competitive landscape and more and more as we move upmarket with some of the enterprise wins you highlighted it is SAP and Orcale, and it shouldn't be a surprise those systems were bought together, HR and financials were bought together in the client server way from SAP, Orcale and PeopleSoft. So, we win HR, we go back and win financials. It is going to be those two vendors. On the professional services front we feel very comfortable with where the ecosystem is with HR. We feel pretty good about where it is with financials, but given some of the roadmap items you might have for Aon, if there is roadmap items for a customer like that we will stay more involved on the services side. But for a mainstream financials customer that buys Workday and goes live on Workday, we feel very comfortable with the ecosystem. Phil, do you want to add anything?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Di Fucci with Jefferies.
John Di Fucci: Thank you. Mark I like to just go back to Carls question on the jump in long-term deferred. I mean obviously customers are paying more upfront, the longer duration upfront. I guess why would they do that and then should we expect that to continue going forward and is that at least a primary driver of your increased billings guidance?
Mark Peek: Yes, john. It is less about how much the customer pays upfront as it is some of the other contractual terms. And we talked about it at some length last quarter, and so this just represents revenue or billings where we have actually billed and collected the cash, but the revenue recognition isn't going to happen until next year. And so a lot of it is reflected in the five points of growth impact we have talked about in 2017. Certainly we have some customers who make the decision to pay upfront. As we have said repeatedly we dont discount for upfront payments. We have a model that funds itself with $260 million of operating cash flow and $125 million of free cash flow this year.
John Di Fucci: And so  but is this at least part of what is driving your increased billings guidance?
Mark Peek: Yes.
John Di Fucci: And I guess if I could just quickly Aneel you talked about an acceleration in new subscription ACV and I am just curious is that pipeline based, is that just thinking, looking out at financials, it sounds like you are getting some good traction there early but good, what is that  what is behind that?
Aneel Bhusri: It is all of the above, and I wouldn't say it is early. I mean we had a great year for financials customers. It might have been early in Q1, but after Q4 it has now become mainstream and it has become a product line that we can predict what we are going to close in a given quarter, which we couldnt have done 12 or 15 months ago. So we just have a lot more confidence in what numbers we can drive off of financials and HR. And the full HR platform continues to be very strong. Recruiting continues to attach well, and we have all of these new products coming online like learning and planning. So, it is  we have a lot of  we just have a lot of market opportunity in front of us and more SKUs coming and so we just feel  I frankly feel better about the business going into this year than I have the last two. And maybe Phil you want to talk abouthow you see the market developing and why we have the confidence that business will accelerate this year.
Phil Wilmington: Yes, I think a couple of things. One we talked about a significant increase, over 150% increase in financial pipeline as we enter the year versus when we entered last fiscal year. And then the last point that Aneel just mentioned I think is very important and that is we continue to see attach rates go up with some of the new SKUs that come out of product development. So we are developing product in conjunction with requests that our customers are making for what they need to see and to round out the product suites. Aneel mentioned recruiting, there has been expenses. Talent management, we have learning  we have learning on the horizon. So all of these increase a very powerful product suite that we have in human capital management. The same is true for financials. So it is an increase in pipeline and it is an increase in opportunity with each of the customers that make up that pipeline. And both of those components are key to our growth strategy.
John Di Fucci: Great guys. That is clear. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. Aneel, Phil and Mark, the question for you is since financial is being sold by the broader sales force is a relatively new approach as far as the enterprise segment is concerned. I am just wondering if the weight of the billings performance is going to be shifted towards the second half of the year, or is this something that is going to be equally weighted throughout the year. And I guess the second question, Aneel, I am really pleasantly surprised by the success, of course, you declared at our conference last year that financial service becoming mainstream, I'm curious if you can give us a little bit more color are these big MNCs that are replacing financials, or are these smaller companies that are implementing financials for the first time, and also the scope of these implementations, these pedal-to-metal full breadth of the entire business or if it is just some portions of larger businesses, any color would be useful, thank you very much?
Aneel Bhusri: Sure. So just on that last question, in almost all cases it is the full breath of our financial products, and it is for the full company. We generally on the HCM or on the financial side have not sold to departments. We have always been enterprise level. In terms of size of the companies they have been across the board. We will take the mid-market business when it is there just like HR. if this kind of a run rate business, but we are also landing large organizations. People might not lend as much credence to the higher ed world [ph] because they don't know the scale of the businesses, but the Ohio State University and Arizona State University are like Fortune 500 organizations, both in terms of the scale and complexity of their business, the transaction volumes and the use of the product. So across the board  we are seeing traction across the board. I suspect you will see in this fiscal year 17 some more Fortune 500 names. We feel comfortable with where we are with Fortune 500 names as proof point. So we will take them on, but right now we are trying to take as much business as we can across the marketplace.
Mark Peek: I think as to the first part of your question that transition  Aneel used the word transition and really stated that transition is largely behind us. This isn't something as it relates to everyone selling financials that we just began to launch as we launched into this fiscal year. Training, preparation, sharing of accounts and the participation that is necessary in the field was really executed on in the fourth quarter of the previous year, and we were still able to achieve great results. We got a tremendous amount of appreciation and respect for the way that our field organization handled the transition in the fourth quarter to position us to be ready and to continue that performance as we entered the first quarter of this year and as we will see I think consistently throughout the year.
Aneel Bhusri: Operator, we are going to take two more questions.
Operator: Absolutely. Your next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Sanford Bernstein.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you. So two questions, first Mark understanding that financials are still subscale and growing fast, but looking longer term is there any reason that financials won't have the same margins as HCM and then a follow-up for Phil?
Mark Peek: Yes, I can't see any reason why financials won't have at least the same margins as HCM.
Mark Moerdler: Excellent and Phil are you seeing any change in the time it takes to close financial deals from when you start the process the deal closes?
Phil Wilmington: No, I think the sales cycle itself is very similar, and I  we see both in the platform sales, as well as independent product suite sales very consistent sales cycles, and again leading with product and then substantiating with reference helps kind of collapse that selling time. So I think we will see the same trends going forward.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you. I appreciate it and congrats on the quarter.
Phil Wilmington:
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley: Hi, thanks very much. With moving your  the implementation to  professional services of to your ecosystem partners, clearly customer satisfaction is the most important thing for you, have you done anything in terms of structuring the oversight of their deployment that allow you to be able to closely monitor it, is there anything within SLA and customer satisfaction related to monitoring their activity, just wondering if you are putting in some structure to that  to that relationship?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes, it is a great question. So first of all I would say this is definitely a continuum decision rather than, we just flipped a switch and hand it over to the partners. This has been something that has been in process for the better part of five years. And we are not going the way as a professional services organization. We just said we are not going to grow it as fast. So a couple of things to your question. We have had metrics in place both on certifications and the quality of projects really since we started engaging with partners and we continue to work with them to make sure the certification process is a good one as well as the customer success is high. So that has always been a key part of what we do, and we have an engagement manager on every project  implementation project regardless of whether Workday is involved or not. That is just the way that we can stay close to the project even if we are not the implementation arm doing the implementation itself. So, in many cases our best partners are doing the implementation, but I still might be an executive sponsor. Phil might be an executive sponsor staying close to these projects with support from our services team to make sure that the implementation is going well. So, I just want to make it clear this is not a binary handoff; this is just a continuum and professional services as an organization is going to continue to grow. We just dont feel like we need to grow it at the same rate because the partners have filled the gap.
Steve Ashley: That is really helpful. Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you everybody for joining us today.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in today's earnings call. You may now disconnect and have a great day

===== 2016 Q3  (2015-11-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Haase - VP, Finance, Treasurer, and IR Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and CEO Mark Peek - CFO
Analysts: Brent Thill - UBS Securities Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Mark Murphy - JPMorgan Justin Furby - William Blair Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Brian Schwartz - Oppenheimer & Company Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand it over to Mike Haase.
Michael Haase: Welcome to Workday's third quarter fiscal 2016 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; and Mark Peek, our CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate, and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations, and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures, which are used as measures of Workday's performance, should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or in isolation from, GAAP results. Our non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of share-based compensation, employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and debt discount and issuance costs associated with our convertible notes. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. Also, the Customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated monthly. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Our fourth quarter quiet period begins at the close of business January 15th, 2016. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparison in this call will be to our results for that comparable period of our fiscal 2015. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Mike. I'm excited to share some great news this afternoon, beginning with very positive momentum with our Workday Financial Management applications. In the third quarter, we welcomed insurance and professional services giant Aon as our largest Workday Financial Management customer to-date. The addition of Financial Management complements its existing Workday HCM and payroll applications. I'm also pleased to welcome St. Luke's Health Systems to our Financials community. Aon and Saint Luke's join our growing customer list of Financial Management customers that already includes Fortune 500 names such as Unum, Netflix, and J.B. Hunt, as well as large universities such as University of Texas at Austin and Yale. And 90 customers are already live with our Financial systems to-date. Q3 was also our best quarter in company history for Financial Management from an ACV perspective. As compared to the prior quarter, Q2 ACV growth for Financial Management applications was up well over 100%. As our customer community for Workday Financial Management grows, so does our suite of applications. Our budgeting planning and forecasting application, Workday Planning, remains on track for general availability in calendar year 2016. In September, we announced general availability of Workday Inventory. In the last quarter, we also announced continued investments in global capabilities for Financial Management, including the addition of new language translations for French and Spanish, as well as new country-specific configurations, including the U.S., Canada, U.K., Ireland, Netherlands, Australia, and New Zealand. Demand for our industry-leading Human Capital Management application suite also remains very strong. I'm excited to share that Workday was selected by FedEx, which is now our largest HCM customer. I'm also proud to share that General Mills and Denny's both selected Workday in Q3. In the last quarter, we announced plans to deliver Workday Learning, a new application intended to offer a more personalized meaningful learning experience, organizations to evolve and encourage career development at every stage of the employee life cycle. Workday Learning is being developed out of our Dublin, Ireland office and is expected to be GA in the second half of calendar year 2016. We also announced availability of Workday Student Admissions for our higher education customers. In September, we hosted Workday Rising, our ninth Annual Customer Conference. Thanks to those of you who joined our Financial Analyst Day. Each year at Workday Rising, we announce results of our annual customer satisfaction survey. For the past three years, we have earned a 97% customer satisfaction rating and this year that number increased to 98%. We believe this level of customer satisfaction is far unmatched in ERP software and I'd like to thank the extremely talented Workday team as always for their unwavering focused on delivering unparalleled levels of customer service. Congratulations to the entire team on an exceptional quarter. With that, I'll pass it over to Mark.
Mark Peek: Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon, everyone. Another quarter of record revenues, billings and cash flow metrics was driven by strong momentum in financials and accelerating win rates over legacy incumbents. Increasingly, new Workday accounts are discovering that the approach of do nothing is not a viable strategy in competitive markets for talent and customer engagement. Operationally, we continue to execute well. Over 70% of our customers are live in production and our customer satisfaction rate improved to 98%. We're also finding increasing demand among mid-sized companies for our fast-to-deploy professional service offerings, which get customers in production faster with core functionality. We're generating increasingly strong cash flow, have a strong balance sheet, and continue to build backlog. This strength allows us to continue to invest aggressively in both product depth and breadth and also in expanding our market presence. This quarter, we had a small non-GAAP operating profit, but we do not see this as an important milestone, and in fact, we do not expect it to reoccur until the second half of next year at the earliest. We have significantly more opportunity in front of us than behind us and we'll continue to invest in maximizing our opportunity for the foreseeable future. We're pleased with our third quarter accomplishments and want to thank our employees, our partners, and our customers. I'll now walk you through the financial details. Total revenues for the third quarter were $305 million, an increase of 42% from a year ago. The vast majority of our revenues today are in U.S. dollars, so there is minimal impact from exchange rates. Subscription revenues for our cloud applications were $243 million, up 48% from last year. The weighted average duration of new contracts signed in our third quarter was about four years, driven by large accounts with longer durations. Professional services revenues were $63 million, an increase of 23% compared to last year. Job one continues to be the successful deployment of our cloud applications, whether by our ecosystem partners or us. As professional service firms build out their Workday practices and as we continue to improve fast deployment models, we expect both our growth rate and the percentage of revenue from professional services to decline. Total unearned revenues were $718 million, up 5% sequentially and 41% from a year ago. Over 95% of our unearned revenues are from subscription fees. Short-term unearned revenues were $625 million, an increase of 4% sequentially, and 42% from last year. Long-term unearned revenues were $93 million, an increase of 15% from the prior quarter and 40% from a year ago. Our renewals experience during the quarter continues to support the thesis of our business model that we retain our customers and we have opportunity to expand our relationship at the renewal. This quarter, the dollar value of renewing customers again exceeded the original contract value. Derived billings, which represents total revenues plus the sequential change in unearned revenue was $340 million for the quarter or 41% growth from a year ago. Billings are impacted by a number of factors, particularly as renewals become a more significant component of total billings during the quarter. Likewise, when we collect more than 100% of ACV on contract signing, future billings will be less than ACV. We're also willing to accommodate the unique needs of our customers in structuring billings and payment terms, while retaining the integrity of our business model and consistency across customers. The message here is that simply looking at historic derived billings to estimate the amount of new business booked during a quarter is very imprecise. We again experienced initial billings of just over 100% of ACV for the quarter, in spite of providing more flexible terms for large organizations and those adopting financials. The strength of our balance sheet, financing programs, and the cash flow characteristics of our business allow us to add some flexibility to our initial terms while holding firm on discounting. Want to take a minute to summarize the impact of changes to billing terms. First, when given the choice of deferring cash flows to accommodate customer build-outs or discounting, we will defer the cash. These economics make sense in the lifetime value of the customer. The impact on Q3 subscription revenue was minimal. The impact on Q3 billings was just over two points of growth. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the strength of our business model and continued momentum provide very good revenue visibility and we expect a solid quarter. Total revenues for the fourth quarter are expected to be within a range of $317 million to $320 million, or growth of 40% to 41% as compared to last year. Subscription revenues are anticipated to be within a range of $260 million to $261 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 43% to 44%. The effect on subscription revenue due to payment terms is expected to be three points of growth. This revenue will be recognized in future periods, so it is simply a matter of timing and not contract economics. Consistent with our historical seasonal pattern, we expect professional services revenue to be down sequentially in the fourth quarter due to lower utilization rates during the holidays. With respect to derived billings, we expect the total for the current fiscal year to be approximately $1.4 billion to $1.405 billion or growth of 39% to 40% over fiscal 2015. This assumes fourth quarter initial billings on new contracts to approximate ACV. Putting context to the fourth quarter, billings will be $476 million to $481 million. The impact on Q4 billings of changes to payment terms is expected to be five points of growth. We know that the changes we are making are good for the business; it's reflected in our results. But we also know that it adds a little more complexity to a business that was easy for you to model. We will continue our historical practice of providing backlog at the end of the year. Last year, committed backlog grew 52% to $965 million. Based on our results to date and our Q4 forecast, we expect backlog to grow by at least 52% for fiscal 2016. When we report our fourth quarter results, we expect to provide revenue and operating margin guidance for our fiscal year ending January 2017; however, as we develop our operating plans for next year, we are building our investment and hiring models assuming total revenue growth of above 30% for fiscal 2017. Factors to consider are consistent with some very positive trends. First, our ecosystem is growing and building capacity and our products, particularly in the middle market, are experiencing much faster time-to-production for our customers. As a result our professional services growth rates will decline to the mid-teens as our partners take on a higher percentage of larger HCM deployments. We're also willing to leverage our balance sheet and the strong cash flows of our backlog to add flexibility in payment terms to the most complex of customers, particularly in Financials. As I mentioned earlier, revenue recognition can be impacted by the amount of cash we bill and we anticipate this will impact subscription revenue growth next year by up to 5%, but will increase our backlog. With respect to billings, I currently anticipate the first quarter to be approximately $350 million. Again, we will provide a lot more color after the fourth quarter, not only based on Q4 results, but a deeper look into our pipeline for FY17. For planning purposes, we're assuming that fiscal 2017 billing seasonality will be consistent with fiscal 2016. Billing terms are factored into these estimates. Let's spend a few minutes on operating expenses and our results of operations. Unless otherwise noted, all references to our expenses and operating results are on a non-GAAP basis and are reconciled to our GAAP results within the tables posted on our Investor Relations website. We had nearly 4,900 employees at the end of our third quarter and expect to end the year with 5,100 to 5,200 people. We will likely hire at similar levels in fiscal 2017. Our third quarter gross margin was 69.5%, down about 100 basis points from the second quarter. The subscription gross margin decreased sequentially by about 70 basis points to 85%, and includes the costs related to providing our cloud applications, compensation and related expenses for operations staff, and data center networking and depreciation. The sequential decline was due to increasing our capacity in the data centers and the stair-step impact of investing new capital. The professional services gross margin was down almost 300 basis points from the second quarter, due in part to our annual professional services team events and conducting Rising in Q3 versus Q4 a year ago. We continue to expect the professional services gross margin to be lower in the fourth quarter of 2016 as compared to the prior years, as we invest in programs to ensure ongoing customer success and lower cost programs for middle market customers. Our third quarter operating profit was just over $800,000 or 0.3% of total revenue. The impact of the strong dollar had a $3.2 million or 100-basis point favorable impact on our operating results for the quarter as compared to last year. Our non-GAAP EPS was breakeven. Given our net loss from a GAAP perspective, all outstanding stock options, warrants, and common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive and not included in the loss per share calculation in our GAAP financial statements. For your modeling, our quarterly non-GAAP interest expense from our convertible notes is approximately $1.6 million. From a GAAP perspective, the Q4 interest expense including $6.5 million of non-cash amortizations reflecting the discount and issuance cost of the notes is $8.1 million. The interest payments on the notes are made during our fiscal second and fourth quarters. Taking into account our adjustments to GAAP operating income that Mike referenced at the start of the call, we currently expect the non-GAAP operating margin for our fourth quarter to be within a range of a negative 2% to a negative 4% of total revenue and for the year to be approximately a negative 1%. The GAAP operating margins for the fourth quarter and the full year 2016 are expected to be approximately 23 to 24 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP operating margins. Now, on to our balance sheet and statements of cash flows. Cash and marketable securities at quarter end were just under $1.9 billion, down $11 million sequentially and includes $24 million of M&A activity. Operating cash flows were $55 million for the third quarter and $213 million for the trailing 12 months. Free cash flows were $15 million for the third quarter and $79 million for the trailing 12 months. We continue to expect CapEx of approximately $150 million during 2016. As mentioned before, we acquired a leasehold interest in land in Pleasanton adjacent to our existing office space. We're actively evaluating our alternatives for this site. The potential development costs are not yet factored into our CapEx guidance. To summarize, we're very pleased with our solid third quarter. Looking ahead, we're investing for the long-term and see a very large opportunity in front of us. You should expect us to continue making significant investments in our product development and global market expansion to maximize our long-term growth opportunities. With that, let's begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill: Thanks, good afternoon. Great to see the nice win in the Financial side. Maybe Aneel, if you can talk a little bit more about the pace of go-live in the pipeline of some of the larger transactions of financials would be helpful.
Aneel Bhusri: Sure, pace of go-lives we're now up over 90 customers so well more than half of the financial customers are live on the system and we've got companies like Netflix that have been live for several years now. The implementations don't look that different from the HR implementations. They are beginning to ramp-up with our partners and so that's a great sign as partners begin to do more of the financial implementations that allows us to scale faster. In terms of the pipeline, I mentioned last quarter that the pipeline had doubled and as a result we saw a double in ACV in Q3. The pipeline in Q4 looks very strong and there are several more Fortune 500 companies in that pipeline. 
Brent Thill: Okay. And for Mark just on the build-out of some of these larger transactions that are stretching their billing out versus taking it up front. Can you just talk through that dynamic that you're seeing, is that a continuation of what happened in the last quarter?
Mark Peek: Yeah, Brent, it's more of what we talked about from a guidance perspective is that we had expected that we would offer more flexibility particularly on the early period of a contract and the impact of that is that it not only defers the billing but it defers the revenue recognition. And so we made some color on the call with respect to the impact on rev rec. For example, in the fourth quarter, the impact on subscription guidance is three points from what we have executed in the second and third quarter and what we expect in the fourth quarter.
Brent Thill: Okay, just to be clear, so there are some investor questions around, is that happening because of a unique customer issue or is there something competitively that's calling for that that that's coming into play?
Aneel Bhusri: I think it's more some of these very, very large customers that we're signing, the projects are unique and in any new push with a product line and the way we're pushing financials we are going to be more flexible there than where we have been with HR, which is much more mainstream at this point.
Mark Peek: And then also as we looked at our go to market and our contract execution, we take feedback from our customers and one of the points of emphasis that's come back in contract negotiations has been requiring the first year plus up front on billings and so we're just looking also to streamline execution.
Brent Thill: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you for taking the question, guys. I was just hoping to ask - maybe dig in a little bit into the competitive environment and just get some color on your statements about improving win rates against some of the incumbents. Anything in particular that's sort of driving that in terms of sales process or is it just product functionality of that you're getting better against the competition?
Aneel Bhusri: I would just echo what Mark had said. Q3 was very strong against all of the main competitors we have. It was just a strong quarter across-the-board. In terms of competitive dynamics, I think we've gotten back to focusing on the technology differentiation. We've really pushed customers to do their homework and prospects to do their homework on reference ability. Neither of our main legacy customers really have much in the way of large referenceable customers and as the customers do their homework, we tend to win the deal, so I'm not sure if we lost sight of it a few quarters ago but I think we've gotten down to some of the basics, Phil Wilmington has made some positive changes and they seem to be paying off very well.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. And then just a clarification just to bolster my understanding on the impacts from billing lesser percentage of ACV. Is there some -- at some point does that catch up to itself [indiscernible] youre pushing out a billings period but at some point you're going to be billing. So at some point is there a catch up period of where what's today a headwind at some point becomes a tail wind because you kind of stabilize the amount of ACV that you're billing and sort of what was pushed out starts to catch up and if so when would that occur?
Mark Peek: It absolutely does. It doesn't change the total contract value. It just changes the period in which we recognize and the way the accounting works is that we recognize the lesser of the amount of cash we collect in a year or the ACV, and so in contracts for example, in which we collect everything upfront and we still have a few of those we recognize that straight line over the contract period. In contracts in which we're collecting less cash upfront, let's say we collect 50% of ACV in year one, we're limited to recognizing 50% of ACV in year one so once we've passed that period and get to the second billing we then straight line it after that second or third billing period whenever -- so it does catch up and it's reflected in the backlog statistics that we're seeing.
Keith Weiss: Got it. So should that benefit subscription revenues in FY 2017 or is there still going to be a declining percentage of ACV bill so sort of the tide gets pushed further out?
Mark Peek: We think it will normalize in 2018.
Keith Weiss: Okay.
Mark Peek: And of course, depending on growth rates but it won't be in 2017 and in fact, we think that it will have up to five points of [gross] [ph] impact on fiscal 2017 on subscription.
Keith Weiss: So it becomes a benefit in FY 2018 then?
Mark Peek: And beyond, yes.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Okay. Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Murphy with JP Morgan.
Mark Murphy: Yes, thank you. Congratulations on the strong billings results. Aneel, I believe in the past you have mentioned one of the potential drivers of your opportunity set being the cycle of the legacy deployments at PeopleSoft and SAP that either become fully depreciated or just outdated or perhaps are being sunsetted from a support perspective. And so I'm just curious what you're observing there in terms of the vintaging of those replacement opportunities?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes, no, it continues to be the largest driver of our opportunity set. I'd say the exciting piece is that that same driver we saw in HR is now beginning to manifest itself in finance and since these finance systems have not moved to the cloud over the last five years they are just five years older than when the HR systems began to move. So what we are finding is finance systems that are outdated on really old versions of the legacy platforms and really looking for a different way to run their business. And so the idea of a financial system with built-in analytics, with much better user experience and now being able to cover the legacy footprint in terms of functionality has really lead to the pipeline continuing to grow in a very positive way.
Mark Murphy: Thank you. And as a quick follow-up for Mark, I just want to clarify in terms of the percentage of ACV build. Does that actually come in a bit better than you had expected, for some reason I had thought there was a chance that that could dip a bit below 100% in Q3 and I think you said it came in right at 100%?
Mark Peek: Yes, in the aggregate, we had a few customers that elected to pay everything up front. We also had a customer that took advantage of financing program that we have in plus and so we got that billing up front as well and so in the aggregate, the billings came in a little better than we had anticipated for the quarter. So the impact of billings is more reflected in the revenue recognition of subscription revenue than it is in billings for this quarter and for the guide that you got for Q4.
Mark Murphy: Understood, okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Justin Furby with William Blair & Company.
Justin Furby: Yes, thanks. Mark just a clarification. So if the billings came in better than you thought from a duration is the headwind you're referring to in Q4 a function of the Q2 being less up front or is it a function of your expectation for the fourth quarter billings being less up front? Or what drives that several point headwind to subscription revenue in Q4 if the terms were better than you thought for this quarter? And then I've got one follow-up.
Mark Peek: Yes, Justin. We are not able to recognize revenue on the aggregate results. We have to do them on a contract by contract basis. And so in the aggregate although we were in excess of 100%, we had a number of contracts that we closed that were less than 100% so we have to recognize that revenue on a slower basis than ratably over the entire life of the contract and then we catch up in future years.
Justin Furby: Got it. That makes sense.
Mark Peek: Our standard term is still to collect at least a year up front. It's only in a handful of unique situations where that's not the case.
Justin Furby: Got it. That makes sense. And then Aneel, on financials, when you look out to next year is there any way to give some sort of framework but what it could represent in terms of new ACV? I know it's still a very small piece of the business but when you look at new ACV next year could it 15, 20, 30% of new bookings or what kind of framework do you think about? And then how long are we from parity from a new bookings perspective between financials and HR?
Mark Peek: You know that's still -- in terms of parity, thats still a ways away just because the HR engine -- more because the HR engine just continues to grow at a very nice clip. But I would say without having finished the modeling for fiscal year 2017 we're expecting quite a bit from finance and a big part of it is not just that the product is ready. Next year our enterprise reps will be carrying both HR and financial so the coverage and the number of people selling financials grows pretty dramatically and that's a real big boost. That comes from the confidence that the financial products are ready for primetime and the results in Q3 prove that out. Well give more color as we get closer to fiscal year 2017, but we're counting on financials to grow substantially faster than the rest of the company.
Justin Furby: Got it, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a great quarter. Two questions if I may. First of all, if you think about these big financial deals that you just announced and one was really good news, how do you think about the implementation times for that?
Mark Peek: So the plan for Aon is they are going to do it in phases and the first phase will be in early 2017 and follow on from there, so a big chunk will be 14 to 15 month timeframe and that's typical for large HR project as well so it's about the same.
Raimo Lenschow: Okay. Perfect. Yes, makes sense, and then the other things what's the feedback from the -- you talked about less -- professional services because DSIs are getting ready and its kind of jumping on. What's been your feedback on the financial part? Is that too early for them to build already capacity or how do you think about the opportunity there?
Mark Peek: No, right now, we do about half of the projects in financials so that at least was the case a quarter ago. That number will trend down. The big SIs are ramping up pretty rapidly as are the boutiques around financials so we have definitely begun to shift some of the work to them and you can talk to them but they are pretty excited about our financials product line. Aon is actually not just a new customer for financials, they are also a partner and they are going to be investing. They are going to use this project as a way to train up some skills and invest in the financials implementation capabilities as well.
Raimo Lenschow: Okay, interesting. Perfect, thank you. Well done.
Operator: Your next question is from Walter Pritchard with Citigroup. 
Walter Pritchard: Hi, thanks. Aneel, I wonder if you could talk about just on the competitive side, I mean you have some really nice wins in the quarter. Do you feel like you've reached a peak in terms of the competitive noise out there in the market and I'm just curious competitively what sort of tactics or moves you saw during Q3?
Aneel Bhusri: There were no new moves I think they are running out of new ideas. I didn't see any moves. And I think it's really important to recognize that when we win a company like FedEx, it's a phenomenal company and a phenomenal brand that's the equivalent of 20 or 30 other size companies. We're winning all of the large accounts and at the end of the day the models are all based on -- all the pricing models are based on employee counts, so we just continue to win both in the mid-market with our mid-market strategy but the large accounts we just dominate and the reason is because we have proof points of getting these large companies into production, one after another. We have another big Fortune 100 company that just went live which well announce in a couple weeks. And it's not, I think really important, it's not just about selling these new accounts. It's about getting value and getting into production and we have that down and our competitors just don't.
Walter Pritchard: Great. And then Mark just for you on so many adjustments here I think peoples heads are spinning in terms of trying to hone in on what you are actually -- growth rates really look like. When you I guess when we step back and look at it, it seems like the backlog and the bookings were pretty good kind of gives us a good understanding of what you're growing. Have you thought about giving that number and your pure sales force gives us that number every quarter and helps us kind of understand just what's really being signed and it cuts at a noise. Any thoughts on giving that on a more frequent basis thats off balance sheet piece?
Mark Peek: Yes. We have thought about it and we -- this quarter, I'd forecasted I believe will be ahead of last year or at least at parity to last year from a growth rate perspective on backlog. I'm hesitant to give backlog quarter-to-quarter. We're in a business that is a long cycle sales business and when we sell to a customer, they adopt across their enterprise as opposed to just in small pieces of the business and so I'm just hesitant, I'm hesitant to give backlog every quarter because it can be a much lumpier result.
Walter Pritchard: Okay, understood.
Operator: Your next question is from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great, thank you very much. I just had two quick questions. I guess one would be it does seem like the financials in the quarter obviously was a large customer is very nice to see and people have been waiting for that. I was just wondering if you could give us a sense based on your comments about the salespeople carrying both quotas in your upcoming fiscal year. Is there kind of a goal that you could give us of kind of the non-education or non-profits, a target goal that you're kind of galvanizing the sales force around in terms of customer signings for financials in that category for next year that maybe you could share with us? And then I guess the other one would just be related to you mentioned that they are going to be carrying both quotas for next year. How do you think about the sales cycles so we can think about how the pace of the ramp now that they are carrying both quotas might start to flow through?
Mark Peek: Well, we are not carrying both quotas they are carrying both products.
Heather Bellini: Right. That's what I meant, both products, sorry.
Mark Peek: So that's a little different. The key with our sales model is built on world class pre sales expertise. We have amazing people in the pre-sales organization. So our sales people basically look to see where there's an opportunity. It doesn't have to be a platform deal where it's HR and financials together. If there's an HR deal up front, theyll take down the HR deal. If finance is up front theyll take down the finance deal. It just gives us a lot of flexibility to have one point of contact with the large account and serve their needs in whatever project that's most timely. We've seen that phenomenon play out in spades in the medium enterprise business where we have done quite well with the platform deals and we expect quite a few platform deals next year. I don't think we're at a stage yet to give any predictions into numbers of customers or ACV like weve talked about earlier. I just would say it's significant with the capital S.
Heather Bellini: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Schwartz with Oppenheimer & Company.
Brian Schwartz: Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my question here this afternoon. Aneel, just had a question on the financials product capabilities. We did some work at Rising last month. We spoke to a couple of your largest and very satisfied HCM customers and based on their opinion, they didn't think the financials product was ready yet to handle the complexity of say a mega bank or a very large global supply chain which in a lot of ways is very consistent with the messaging from the company. And the question I wanted to ask you is when does the product road map tell you the functionality and the financials product will be ready for the entire Fortune 500? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I think as you know, if you've been following Workday, we're very focused on the service industries and we're specifically not going after supply chain companies and manufactures because they have requirements around inventory and ERP for finance that we are not planning on building. As it relates to the markets we go after in technology and healthcare and financial services, higher Ed, we can scale to the largest companies needs and on the planet so if you look at financial services, Aon is a Fortune 500 Company. UNIM is a Fortune 500 Company in financial services and JB Hunt is a Fortune 500 Company in transportation, UT Austin and Yale are as big as they come in terms of universities and then lastly, CHE Trinity a big health care 80,000 person healthcare organizations running financials. So for the industries we're targeting which pretty much everything except manufacturing and supply chain oriented companies which is only about 20% of the market that we're ignoring at this point, we're a pretty good fit across-the-board.
Brian Schwartz: Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Operator, we are going to take one more question please, thanks.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks so much and apologies for the background noise. I just had a question for Mark Peek. So when you provided the first sort of view on the impact to subscription billings or billings overall and subscription revenues from the flexibility on payment terms, I think we were talking about four points in the second half of fiscal 2016 and four points in the first half of 2017 and therefore, two points overall in each year. If I heard you correctly we're talking about five points or up to five points next year and I'm just curious, do you think you've now with that number sort of set a line in the sand so that it would be unlikely that it would be a bigger headwind than that five percentage point impact? Thanks.
Mark Peek: Yes, at our Analyst Day at Rising we talked about a two and four point impact on four points on the second half of this current fiscal year. We didn't talk about 2017. I think five points -- it's up to five points and it's really the tradeoff of larger complex entities in which we're making these, the payment terms a bit more flexible with a little longer time to production. And as I said before, it's also a tradeoff on discounting and so we're not going to both discount and provide easier more flexible payment terms and so we're looking at the business as a whole in the long term economics.
Ross MacMillan: That's great. Thank you.
Mark Peek: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in today's earnings call. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2015-08-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Haase - VP Finance, Treasurer, and Investor Relations Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Heather Anne Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co. Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Mark R. Murphy - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brent John Thill - UBS Securities LLC Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Karl E. Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Katherine R. Egbert - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Brad Zelnick - Jefferies LLC Stewart Kirk Materne III - Evercore ISI Justin A. Furby - William Blair & Co. LLC Brendan John Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I'll hand it over to Mike Haase. Please go ahead.
Michael Haase - VP Finance, Treasurer, and Investor Relations: Welcome to Workday's second quarter fiscal 2016 earnings conference call. On the call, we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO, and Mark Peek, our CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures, which are used as measures of Workday's performance, should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. Our non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results, our share-based compensation, employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and debt discount and issuance costs associated with our convertible notes. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. Also, the Customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated at the beginning of each month. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Our third quarter quiet period begins at the close of business October 16, 2015. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2015. Finally for you planning purposes, please note that we are hosting an Analyst Day on September 29 at Workday Rising in Las Vegas. The registration link will be sent tomorrow. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mike, and thanks to all of you for joining our call this afternoon. I'm excited to tell you about another great quarter for Workday. I'm pleased to say that business was strong across-the-board. Customer demand for human capital management continues to grow, especially as we expand our footprint around the world. And our new investments are also beginning to pay off as we're seeing growing traction in financials and experiencing strong momentum in our education and government business unit. And lastly, our business outside North America is growing rapidly with the first half of this year being the strongest our EMEA team has experienced in company history. Our competitive win rates continue to remain strong as well with Q2 win rates above Q1. And when we win, it's not just bringing an on premise customer into our cloud, recently we have also begun to replace our legacy competitors cloud applications and get those customers lives successfully in the Workday cloud with a focus on achieving real measurable business value for them. In the past quarter, we achieved some significant customer milestones. We now have more than 1,000 customers around the world, and attracting new business isn't enough. It's our job to deliver real business value to our customers. So I'm proud to share that more than 70% of those 1,000 customers are live today. New customers in the second-quarter include Pfizer, Cleveland Clinic, and Texas A&M. And as mentioned earlier, our EMEA team had another strong quarter and added Centrica and DS Smith as new customers. We now have more than 100 large enterprise customers headquartered in the European region and are seeing good traction in our newer European markets, such as Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. During the quarter we also surpassed 150 customers who are using our Workday Financial Management suite with more than 80 of them now live with these applications. Our industrious approach for bringing financials to market is beginning to bear fruit as we're gaining repeatable traction in several industries where we believe we can be the dominant cloud financials vendor. Financial services is one of those key industries, and we're happy to welcome First Financial Bank as a new financial management customer in Q2. As we continue to rollout new products, we carefully track the success of other recent offerings. To that end, we once again saw strong attach rates for payroll and recruiting in Q2. As you know, we made Workday recruiting available just over a year ago in the spring of 2014, in that short time we have passed 300 customers more than 95 are live today. On the product front, we continue to innovate faster than anyone else in our space. As we said last quarter, financials is ready for prime time and our pipeline for prospective new financials customers has grown substantially this year. Over the last few months, we furthered our commitment to the financials product line with the announcement of Workday Planning, a new planning, budgeting, and forecasting application. When combined with our Workday Financial Management and Workday Human Capital Management suites, Workday Planning will be the industry's first system to unify real-time finance and HR data with analytics and enterprise planning. We also announced Workday Inventory, as well as new features for Workday Procurement, all designed to meet the supply chain management needs of healthcare providers. Workday Inventory is scheduled to be generally available next month, September, with healthcare related features in both Inventory and Procurement coming in calendar year 2016. Workday Planning is scheduled to be generally available to customers in calendar year 2016 as well. Last spring we moved our customers to Workday 24 in four hours. Our customers will move to Workday 25 next month and we are aiming to move them from Workday 24 to Workday 25 within a two-hour timeframe with the future goal of zero downtime. Let me remind you that upgrades in the old world frequently take many years and millions of dollars. At Workday, zero scheduled downtime is entirely possible because we uniquely have one single code line for development and production. Finally, we are looking forward to Workday Rising, our annual customer conference where we expect more than 5,000 attendees to join us in Las Vegas next month. In addition to time with our customers, Rising is our number one prospect event each year. In 2014, we hosted more than 450 prospects from 200 companies at our U.S. event, and today almost 20% of those companies are customers. We also look forward to seeing many of you at Workday Rising for our Analyst Day on September 29. With that, I'll pass it on to Mark.
Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon, everyone. We closed the first half of fiscal 2016 with a very successful quarter, generating record quarterly revenues and trailing 12 months operating and free cash flows. Operationally, we continued to execute well. As Aneel mentioned, over 700 of our 1,000 plus customers are live in production. We are generating increasingly strong cash flow, have a strong balance sheet, and continue to build unbilled backlog. This strength allows us to continue to invest aggressively in both product depth and breadth, and also in expanding our market presence. We could be profitable if we chose to do so, but we believe we have significantly more opportunity in front of us than behind us, and we'll continue to invest in maximizing our opportunity for the foreseeable future. We're pleased with our second-quarter accomplishments and want to thank our employees, our partners, and our customers. I will now walk you through the financial details. Total revenues for the second-quarter were $283 million, an increase of 51% from a year ago. The vast majority of our revenues today are in U.S. dollars, so there is minimal impact from exchange rates. As mentioned before, we are offering subscription contracts in six foreign currencies and expect a higher percentage of non-U.S. dollar bookings. Subscription revenues for our cloud applications were $224 million, up 56% from last year. The weighted average duration of new contracts signed in our second-quarter was 3.7 years. Professional services revenues were $59 million, an increase of 37% compared to last year. Job one continues to be the successful deployment of our cloud applications whether by our ecosystem partners, or us. Total unearned revenues were $683 million, up 5% sequentially, and 42% from a year ago. Over 95% of our unearned revenues are from subscription fees. Short-term unearned revenues were $602 million, an increase of 5% sequentially, and 47% from last year. Long-term unearned revenues were $81 million, flat from the prior quarter, and up 12% from a year ago. Our renewals experienced during the quarter continues to support the thesis of our business model, that we retain our customers and have opportunity to expand our relationship at the renewal. This quarter, the dollar value of renewals again exceeded 100% of the value eligible for renewal, but represented less than 10% of our total quarterly billings. Derived billings which represents total revenue plus a sequential change in unearned revenue was $312 million for the quarter, or 51% growth from a year ago. Billings are impacted by a number of factors, particularly as renewals become a more significant component of total billings during the quarter. Likewise, when we collect more than 100% of ACV on contract signing, future billings will be less than ACV. Some contracts, particularly in our education and government vertical have performance milestones, which impact the timing of billing. We are also willing to accommodate the unique needs of our customers in structuring billings and payment terms while retaining the integrity of our business model and consistency across customers. The message here is that simply looking at historic derived billings to estimate the amount of new business booked during a quarter is very imprecise, particularly if you're only measuring quarter-to-quarter versus over the last 12 months. Last quarter one of our large legacy competitors provided the fast method of calculating billings to use as a comparison point, since, as it turns out, it significantly increased their billings growth rate. So we were curious. If we applied their as-reported math, the so-called gross down method, what would our growth rate have been in the first quarter? For those of you unfamiliar with the methodology, unearned revenue balances are netted against accounts receivable to the extent that invoice associated with that unearned revenue is unpaid, but the method particularly useful with on premise software sold through distribution models or where customer acceptance or collection is uncertain. True SaaS companies don't use this approach because they sell directly to their customers, and product acceptance occurs on contract signing. But, for the sake of argument, we used this method against our Q1 results, since we were called out in comparison. Under that method, our billing growth would have been over 60% versus 31% we reported in the first quarter. Now we believe consistency of the application of methodology over time is what's important for investors, and that the legacy software model isn't representative in the SaaS model. So with that, we intend to just disclose derived billings as a sum of revenue plus the change in unearned revenue as we have, since we started business 10 years ago. Looking ahead to the third quarter of fiscal 2016, the strength of our business model and continued momentum provide very good revenue visibility, and we expect a solid quarter. Total revenues for the third quarter are expected to be within a range of $300 million to $303 million, or growth of 39% to 41% as compared to last year. Subscription revenues are anticipated to be within a range of $238 million to $240 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 45% to 46%. For the year, we anticipate total revenues of approximately $1.150 billion to $1.158 billion, or growth of approximately 46% to 47%. Subscription revenues are anticipated to be within a range of $925 million and $928 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 51%. Third quarter derived billings are expected to be within a range of $310 million to $315 million. Billings for the year are anticipated to be within a range of $1.365 billion and $1.375 billion. We're very pleased with the new subscription pipeline for the second half, but see strong seasonality between the third and fourth quarter across all of our markets and products. Additionally, due to pipeline mix composition in the third quarter, we're expecting initial billings on new contracts to approximate ACV. This is down from previous quarters in which first-year billings exceeded ACV at times by more than 10%. Shifting away from revenue and billings, we had more than 4,500 employees at the end of our second-quarter. We now anticipate ending the year with upward of 5,300 people. Our hiring has been very strong, and our attrition rate is lower than most of our peers in Silicon Valley. We attribute this to our strong culture and Workday being a great place to have a rewarding, fun and successful career, full of opportunity and good people. Let's spend a few minutes on operating expenses and our results of operations. Unless otherwise noted, all references to our expenses and operating results are on a non-GAAP basis and are reconciled to our GAAP results within the tables posted on our Investor Relations website. Our second-quarter gross margin was 70.5%, down about 90 basis points from the first quarter. The subscription gross margin increased sequentially by about 40 basis points to 85.7% and includes the costs related to providing our cloud applications, compensation and related expenses for operations staff and data center networking and depreciation. We expect subscription revenue to increase as a percentage of total revenue over time, but that our gross margin will likely fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Professional services gross margin was down about 260 basis points from the first quarter due to a higher mix of new consultants on boarded and still not fully ramped during Q2. We continue to expect the professional services gross margin to be lower in fiscal 2016 as compared to the prior year, as we invest in programs to ensure ongoing customer success. Our second-quarter operating loss was just over $700,000, or a negative 0.3%. The impact of the strong dollar had a $5.2 million or 180 basis point favorable impact on our operating loss for the quarter as compared to last year. Product development expenses in the second-quarter was $86 million, up 12% sequentially and up 43% from a year ago. We continue to invest in new solutions, such as Workday Planning, Professional Services Automation and Insight Applications, as well as strengthening and extending our suite of HR, payroll, and in particular, financial management applications. Sales and marketing expense was $93 million, up 8% sequentially, and up 31% from last year. The sequential increase was largely due to increased head count, variable comp and marketing activities. Last quarter, I mentioned that we were about 100 people short in our sales and marketing hiring. We made good progress in narrowing the hiring gap in the second quarter and anticipate fully catching up in the second half. General and administrative expenses were $21 million, up 12% sequentially and up 46% from last year. The sequential increase is largely due to increased professional fees. Below the operating line, we benefited from two one-time items, other expenses, net, included a gain of $3.2 million from the sale of private equity investment. We also had an income tax benefit of $2.9 million from the release of reserves related to a previous acquisition. Technically, we had earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis, but we don't think it is meaningful given the loss from operations and the positive one-time items below the line. Given our net loss from a GAAP perspective, all outstanding stock options, warrants, and common stock equivalents are antidilutive and not included in the loss per share calculation in our GAAP financial statement. For your modeling, our quarterly non-GAAP interest expense from our convertible notes is approximately $1.6 million. From a GAAP perspective, the Q3 interest expense, including $6.4 million of non-cash amortizations reflecting the discount and issuance cost of the notes is approximately $8 million. The interest payments on the notes are made during our fiscal second and fourth quarters. Taking into account our adjustments to GAAP operating income that Mike referenced at the start of the call, we currently expect the non-GAAP operating margin for our third quarter to be within a range of negative 1% to a negative 3% of total revenue, and for the year, to be within a range of a negative 1% to a negative 2%. The GAAP operating margins for the third quarter and the full-year 2016 are expected to be approximately 23 percentage points to 25 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP operating margin. Now on to our balance sheet and statements of cash flows. Cash and marketable securities at quarter end were just over $1.9 billion, down $15 million sequentially. Operating cash flows were $16 million for the second quarter and $199 million for the trailing 12 months. This was better-than-expected driven largely by higher cash collections. Free cash flows were a negative $10 million for the second quarter and a positive $78 million for the trailing 12 months. Our CapEx was relatively light in the first half of the year, but we continue to expect spending of $150 million during fiscal 2016. Given the significant CapEx ramp in the second half, we anticipate negative free cash flows for the period. As mentioned before, we acquired a leasehold interest in land in Pleasanton adjacent to our existing office space. We are actively evaluating our alternatives for this site. Potential development costs are not yet factored into our CapEx guidance. To summarize, we're very pleased with our solid second quarter. Looking ahead, we're investing for the long term and see a very large opportunity in front of us. You should expect us to continue to make significant investments in our product development and global market expansion to maximize our long term growth opportunities. With that, let's begin the Q&A process.
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Anne Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you so much. I actually just had two questions. One, it's just a follow-up on, Mark, I just want to make sure that we all get your comments about ACV  and I think you mentioned in the third quarter  the comment that you made about ACV being in line with billings for Q3, and I just was wondering specifically if you could walk us through what's driving that to happen this quarter? And then secondly, Aneel, just wanted a little bit of a follow-up. I know that you moved some of your top salespeople over from HCM to focus on financials. It sounds like you're starting to see good progress. But is there anything more you can share with us on kind of how you feel the pace of the sales process, of pipeline building is going on the financial side as you made tweaks over the last quarter? So thank you.
Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Heather, it's Mark. I'll cover the more technical question first. On ACV, we just expect as we look at the pipeline composition, that some of the sort of larger dollar contracts will come in at near or slightly below 100% of ACV for the quarter. We're putting the decision-making much closer to the customer in the field and we're just anticipating that we'll have some modest decline in the amount of cash that we collect as a percent of ACV in the first year.
Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer: On the financial front, I actually participated in many of the sales calls last quarter that were financials oriented, and so got a firsthand view of what's happening. And I'd say it's very positive across the board, both in terms of the team engaging as well as the pipeline growing. And so we actually head into Q3 with financials pipeline double what it was in Q2, and that's both attributable to the focus on the field operations, the product being ready for prime-time and then the marketing efforts we've done to grow the pipeline. So very, very happy with where financials is trending.
Heather Anne Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent. Thank you for taking the question and good quarter, guys. I just wonder in terms of looking at the guidance for the rest of the year, maybe if you could give us a little bit more color on sort of what your expectations are for what's  how the seasonality is playing out? Because if I look at how you did in Q2, it was a very strong quarter versus your guidance. I think you came in about $17 million ahead of the high end of your billings expectation. We're only taking the full-year of, I think, $10 million to $15 million in terms of billings growth. Was there something that made you feel a little bit more cautious about the back half of the year? Was business perhaps pulled into Q2? Then if you could just give us a little bit more color on terms of sort of how the back half is playing out versus your initial expectations?
Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Keith, fundamentally, we see the seasonality between Q4 and Q3 as really relatively consistent to what it's been in the last couple of years. But as we look at pipeline composition and the fact that we don't want to do anything unnatural to move business from Q4 into Q3, we just feel that the billings split seem to make more sense in the third quarter. And then again we'll update you for the rest of the year and for the fourth quarter once we publish Q3 results and have some clarity on Q4, and also likely give you some indication of our early thoughts on fiscal 2017 as well.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent. So it wasn't anything that was pulled into Q2, per se?
Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer: No.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent.
Operator: Right. Your next question will come from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan.
Mark R. Murphy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Thank you very much and I'll add my congratulations, Aneel. At the highest level I wanted to ask you, are the increased marketing efforts or rhetoric from Oracle PeopleSoft more of a headwind, or more of a tailwind, for both your pipeline growth and your sales cycles? And what I mean by that is, I think, we have a sense that they have overhauled their user interface and we wonder if that has the potential sporadically to elongate some of your sales cycles. On the other hand, wondering if it is possible that they're actually driving a wave of customer evaluations just by talking up the cloud and potentially that could be resulting in a greater opportunity set for Workday. So if that makes sense. I'm wondering how you picture that balancing out for Workday.
Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer: It's a good question. I actually haven't looked at it quite that way. I'd lump in the two legacy competitors and similar tactics. The tactics are the same, and I've said this repeatedly. The tactics that they are using now are the same that they have been over the last few years, and they are both very good sales and marketing organizations, but their products are woefully behind ours. And I think if there is any change in sentiment in Q2, we got back to some of the basics around selling and making sure that the prospect really did their homework on all the solutions that were available out there, and really understood where the legacy vendors are, not just in terms of what they say, but actually where they are in terms of production references, and actually, the products working or not working. And when the customers really do their homework, we do very well. And I think that will continue to be the case. I mean, 70% of our customers are in production and happy with Workday, and neither of the legacy competitors can come anywhere close to those kinds of statistics.
Mark R. Murphy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer: I would say the good piece of all of it; we are all talking about moving into the cloud. There is no discussion any more of on-premise in HR. I would say that the one of the fascinating pieces though on the financials opportunities is we are largely competing against legacy products again, so it is a little bit of a time warp since neither of the legacy vendors really have strong offerings in financials in the cloud. We are up against the on-premise solutions and those are odds I like for our favor.
Mark R. Murphy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent John Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Aneel, just on your financials pipeline comment that's doubling going into Q3, I'm curious, and correct me if I'm wrong, that you saw originally more SMB type customers in financials, and I think everyone is wondering the pipe and what you're seeing in larger enterprises. Are they ready to make the jump, or is that pipeline still more mid-market at this point?
Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I wouldn't say SMB, I would definitely say it was more mid-enterprise side, 3,000 to 10,000. And not just heading into the third quarter, but the last few quarters we have seen the pipeline of large enterprises looking at our financial products grow pretty substantially, and pretty optimistic about what's going to happen in the second half of the year.
Brent John Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, and for Mark, in the first half of the year, the Billings growth rate obviously decelerated pretty materially, and I know you commented just don't look at that number, and you clearly haven't given us the backlog number, so we can't see that and you get to see that. But when you look at last year, you had a couple large deals, I believe, the University of Washington and Bank of America. There has been a lot of questions about those larger enterprise contracts in the first half of the year. Are you seeing deals of that size that are coming in that we just can't see? And I know that those deals were  it looked like they were billed differently than perhaps from the deals you're seeing billed in the first half of the year, so I'm just curious if you could just walk through what you're seeing on the larger deal and how that's impacting the billing.
Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Just in terms of new customer momentum, we crossed the 1,000 customer milestone this quarter. It was two years ago that we were at 500 customers, and so we've now doubled our customer set in that two year-period of time. And the composition continues to be made up of a nice mix of medium enterprise customers and occasional larger customers, there tends to be at least one every quarter. In certain quarters more. And so the mix hasn't really changed significantly.
Brent John Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, thanks. Aneel, it looks like your sales and marketing expenses are growing at about 31% growth year-over-year and it's come down that growth rate. And Mark commented that you've been under shooting your hiring goals. I wonder if you'd give us a sense as to how fast you'd like to be growing your sales head count or your productive sales head count. And does this sort of lower than expected hiring last couple quarters set you back as you look six months or twelve months out, when those reps need to be productive and drive some revenue for you.
Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Walter, it's Mark. We want to continue to aggressively add people to the sales force. Yeah, there is this certain element of the mix of our model and that we  most of the sales and marketing expense is from the activity that's occurring in the given quarter, whereas the revenue is from all 1,000 of our customers. And so we expect some natural leverage. But that said, we are planning to hire aggressively. As we've said in the past, it takes six months to nine months to get an individual salesperson productive and to have that first win. And so as a result, as we're doing our hiring in the third quarter, we're thinking about fiscal 2017.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And Mark, just on that, are you looking to hire? I mean, it would seem you're seeing good growth. You're seeing 50%-ish maybe plus growth in the metrics we look at. Should we expect that you would like to grow your productive head count at that capacity? I mean, it seemed like right now you're getting unintended levers. But is that a good way to think about it is grow the sales head count as you're growing the business?
Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, that's a good way. We really to think forward as to how we're going to grow the business over a period of time, and then we're also making investments in international markets in which it's still very early days. Even in core products like HCM where our share is less than it currently is in North America, and so we'll make significantly  do significantly more hiring as a percentage in foreign markets.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank.
Karl E. Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. A question for Mark. Mark, if you don't mind, I wouldn't mind returning to the 3Q issue around the percentage of ACV collected as cash. And what I wanted to ask you is whether what you described for the third quarter is really sort of a one quarter anomaly based on, as you said, the pipeline composition, or is this a change whereby maybe Workday sales teams might now be, as you sort of alluded, pushing the invoicing duration decisions to the customers and maybe no longer encouraging multi-year upfront cash payment such that we might see something like this in future quarters? Thank you.
Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, as you know, we originally pushed for multi-year upfront and that helped us finance the business. We are generating operating and free cash flow now and so that's not a consideration, particularly in this interest rate environment and at our cost of capital. And so, for the long term health of the business, we're willing to trade cash terms for discount. And sometimes that really helps our customers in what they're trying to achieve over the short term as they go through the deployments, and to help accommodate them. And then we're also pushing more individual decisions out to the field where it's closer to the customer.
Karl E. Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. And then if I could ask a follow-up to Aneel. Aneel, I'm intrigued by Workday Planning. I just wanted to ask you, obviously Oracle SAP have offerings there and some younger vendors like Anaplan and Adaptive Insights are there. I'm just curious how you think Workday can differentiate in that area and how you would frame the size of that Workday Planning opportunity? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer: It's a multibillion dollar market. Historically legacy vendors, Hyperion, and Cognos and BusinessObjects were the leaders, all of whom have very dated products. I think our real advantage and opportunity, and you described the legacy competitors, their solutions. Their solutions are bolted on. They were acquisitions. So in order to make the budgeting planning forecasting product work for those guys, they have to basically unload the data from the transactional system, load it, different security model, different user interface. The outcome of that planning process is not tied back to the transactional system, so it's very cumbersome, it's very kludgy. And the way that we're designing it and defining it, it'll be the truly first system where you can operate, you can run your budgeting and planning process and transactional system, same user interface, same data. We already have all the data effectively at a level that would be, I wouldn't call it quite a star schema, but set up in a way that makes it easy for us to run those analytics against it. And when you want to take action on that budget or on a change on the budget, it's the same system. So, it's that unification that customers are really looking for. They're tired of shipping data across and different user interfaces and different security models, and we can really address that head-on.
Karl E. Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Katherine Egbert with Piper Jaffray.
Katherine R. Egbert - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick follow-up on the planning product, I mean, this is an important product. Is this something that larger banks or other institutions are waiting for as a bridge from HCM as they think about using your financials product?
Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's a very important component, probably more so than it was 10 years to 15 years ago. And for most of our customers who have bought our financial products, this has been a key requirement. We partnered for the solutions to date. And frankly, we're okay with partnerships down the road if there's some specific requirement we're not going to tackle. But I would suspect that most of the Workday customers would embrace our planning product. And they're looking for that unification not just around financial planning, but our ability will be able to drive it into head count planning as well, which is so tightly tied to the financial plan. So your question is a good one.
Katherine R. Egbert - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Thanks. And then a quick one for Mark, you'd previously said about 60% of bookings come in the second half of the year. Does that still hold?
Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. It's slightly less than that now, I guess, given the current guidance. So, I think it calculates to (37:03) 57%, 58%.
Katherine R. Egbert - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Close enough. All right, thanks. Good job.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my questions. One housekeeping question if I may, and then maybe a more interesting question. On the housekeeping, I understand why you don't want to report diluted non-GAAP EPS because that looks it's kind of one-time in this case, and that might be misleading, but can you tell us what would have been or what will be approximately the amount of dilution when you decided it's appropriate to dilute the non-GAAP earnings?
Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer: If you look at just this quarter, it was about 13 million shares of dilution.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay, that's very helpful.
Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer: And depending on others, there's some technical math around the convertible securities. And at the upper bound, assuming that they're not deep in the money, it's probably 20 million shares when you add in the convertible securities.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay, thanks, Mark. And then the other, for my follow-up, I wanted to ask maybe on Financial Management, everyone seems  I get a lot of questions from investors about that and it's definitely an interesting topic for folks. Could you talk to us a little bit in more granular terms about how big is your largest  that current customer that has general ledger, maybe not naming names, but kind of what size are we talking about? And do you have Fortune 500 customers that are using general ledger yet? And then related to any color on  we're hearing more about integrators gearing up to do full platform work. So, we'd love any color on that as well.
Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer: We definitely have Fortune 500 size customers using our financial products by the way that we define the scale of the volume. So, the answer to that would be yes.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great.
Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer: In terms of the partners, they definitely have all been ramping up. I think they were all looking for the same signs in the pipeline that we have been looking for. And those signs have emerged. So, once the ball gets moving, it's a pretty virtuous cycle. We start winning business. The integrators start investing in head count. And we definitely are on that cycle now.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Just last follow-up, do you guys think we will see more in the way of customer success stories via press announcements, et cetera, for those kinds of large customers this year? Or is that more a calendar 2016 sort of event?
Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer: There's no reason it couldn't happen this year, but we don't control the other signing of the contract. I would say that there's a more than a handful of those kinds of opportunities that are actively being pursued right now and I would hope at least a few of them closed by the end of the year.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Fantastic. Thanks a lot for your help, and congrats on the quarter.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies.
Brad Zelnick - Jefferies LLC: Thanks very much. It's actually Brad Zelnick filling in for John. And I know this question was already asked, but we are getting a lot of inquiries trying to better understand the third quarter and full-year billings guide, and I appreciate that the comments that you've already made, which sounds like you expect billings duration to contract given the structure of some of the deals, which if you're comparing to ACV, it sounds like there are some chunky deals that can bill on a frequency that's less than annual. But can you help quantify that for us? Or maybe give us a sense of what the growth rates look like if you normalize for duration year-on-year for 3Q and 4Q? Thank you.
Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think that when you look at the historical billings patterns is that the guidance we gave is not that far off of what our actual history has been. And so what I tried to do is also to call out some of the factors to consider. We've had, in our history, a lot of multiple years of cash paid upfront at initial contract signings, and if you think about what that means for future periods, the overall billings then will decline. And so, in the third quarter, and particularly as we look at the pipeline where there are some transactions that will be less than collecting a full-year of ACV upfront, when you couple that with the billings that are coming out of deferred revenue, or out of backlog that are less than a year of ACV because we had collected more on the initial contract signing, that's why we guided to where we are for billings in Q3.
Brad Zelnick - Jefferies LLC: So, thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore Partners.
Stewart Kirk Materne III - Evercore ISI: Yeah, thanks very much. I guess just two quick ones. First, Aneel, you all talked a lot more about EMEA this quarter in terms of some of the progress over there. Could you just talk about what you're seeing, is that just getting more at bat (42:42) in terms of RFPs? It sounds like productivity over there is getting better. And the second question would actually be for Mark which is related. As you have more of your bookings coming out of EMEA, which I assume you don't have as much, I guess, history with, does that, I guess, inform your sort of guidance in the back half at all given that Europe's becoming a larger part of the overall bookings structure? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer: So our success in EMEA, all starts with leadership, and we brought on board Chano Fernandez over a year ago, and he has just put together a great team. I'd say that coupled with that the product is market ready for all the major European markets, including Germany and Switzerland now. So, we've got the right products. We've got the fit with all the different market opportunities. We got the right field organization. And very importantly, we've got the customer success there now, so we have demonstrable success with large enterprises who have chosen Workday and gone live. AstraZeneca most recent one chose Workday, up and running in, I believe, 13 months. Aviva has been successful with our products for many years. Diageo. So once you start having the proof points it starts feeding on itself, but I'd point to the leadership and frankly the competitive environment is the same as it is the in U.S., so our product holds up well there as well as it holds up here.
Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, and also as we look at guidance and the composition for EMEA, when we began to set prices in foreign currencies, we did not take a significant uplift, which many of our competitors do, where you look at the list price on U.S. dollar versus euro and many of the U.S. based software companies will have 40% or 50% uplifts and we made the decision not to do that. When you take that with the currency environment, it's really very competitive offering that we are making and very competitive pricing. Our intent when we sign contracts in foreign currencies is to, because these are long term contracts with predictable cash flows ahead over multiple years, is to go ahead and hedge those cash flows, so there is not a lot of volatility in our unearned revenue or in our backlog.
Stewart Kirk Materne III - Evercore ISI: Thank you.
Michael Haase - VP Finance, Treasurer, and Investor Relations: Operator, we are going to take two more questions please.
Operator: Okay. Then the last of the two questions will come from the line of Justin Furby with William Blair.
Justin A. Furby - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks, guys. Mark, sorry to revisit this, but I guess going back to Q3, I think the guidance for Q3 on billing, $310 million to $315 million. Is there any way to give any sort of quantification on the duration issue? I mean, the Street was, I think, $20 million above you. Is it that kind of an impact that we're talking about in terms of duration? Is it somewhere less than that? And I guess I also wanted to hit on Aneel's comment around win rates and the improvement sequentially. I'm just curious, does some of that have to do with being more flexible with contracting terms or is it something else? And then I have one follow-up.
Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I mean, I think, Justin I'm going to simplify it, I think that we had guided to 60% billings in the second half. That's now tipped down to about 58% with our performance in Q2 and with the guidance that we've provided. And it's weighted more towards the fourth quarter. What's primarily making that up is as we look at the pipeline and as we're making calls as to what business will close, we just think that the amount that we'll bill relative to ACV will be 10 points or so lighter than it has been historically, and so it has an impact on the bookings for the quarter.
Justin A. Furby - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, and then the other part of the question was around win rates. I'm just curious if you think that the improvement has something to do with what you're doing in the field in terms of being more flexible? And how much of that is discounting versus just literally collecting less upfront?
Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think a lot of its attributable to terms, but being flexible always helps in a sales cycle. I think we got back to the basics and our win rates against our main legacy competitors have always been high. And in the second quarter they were higher than they were in the first quarter. That's really all I would read into it. At the end of the day, the customers we're selling to, these large Fortune 500 companies and midsize companies are looking not just to get a cloud product, but a cloud product that works and help them solve business problems. And as long as we can continue to prove out that value proposition with the success we've had with existing customers, we're going to continue to win at high rates.
Justin A. Furby - William Blair & Co. LLC: That's helpful. And then, Mark, just one more, of the 10 points you're referring to, is that 10 points off of the year ago comps or the $241 million number? Or what does the 10 points relate to? Sorry, thanks.
Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer: No, it's relative to the percentage of ACV that we're able to bill upfront. And so, historically, if you think about it as 110% of ACV or thereabouts on net new, it's coming down to closer to 100%.
Justin A. Furby - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay, thanks, guys.
Operator: And our final question will come from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan John Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Thanks so much. Aneel, you've alluded to a couple of areas where you guys have made changes in the business related to financials, specifically with sales and the ramping that's happened with the systems integrators. Are there other areas of the business that still need to pivot towards financials or other changes that need to develop for that go-to-market strategy?
Aneel Bhusri - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer: Well, right now, we have a dedicated financial sales team. And it's obviously not the entire sales force. There will be a moment in time when most of the sales force will carry both products. There was a natural evolution of our previous company, it's a natural evolution of bringing new products to market. You want a lot of focus on that new product until it becomes ready for prime time, and then you want the broadest distribution channel possible, and I don't think it's that far away where pretty much every rep in North America, at least, will be selling the financials product as long as the HR product, and that dramatically increases our reach.
Brendan John Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, and then Mark, just a quick one for you. Looked like stock base comp as a percentage had a little bit better move up in Q2 than what we've seen in the past. I know there's typically some seasonality to that number. Anything change in compensation terms that's pushing that? And is that sort of $65 million level, is that about the right level we should be thinking about for modeling for the back half of the year?
Mark S. Peek - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think you see the impact of our annual grant process that we do where you get a full-year, or full impact of expense in the second quarter. We haven't made significant changes to our compensation system. We're in a very competitive market and environment. As I mentioned on the call, our attrition rates are best of class in Silicon Valley. But that said, we haven't had a significant change in the mix between cash and equity comp.
Brendan John Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Michael Haase - VP Finance, Treasurer, and Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you very much. That concludes the call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's earnings call. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-05-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Aneel Bhusri - Chief Executive Officer Mark Peek - Chief Financial Officer Mike Haase - VP, Finance, Treasurer, and IR
Analysts: Mark Murphy - J.P Morgan Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Walter Pritchard - Citi Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Brent Thill - UBS Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities Justin Furby - William Blair and Company Rick Sherlund - Nomura Securities Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Market. Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo John Di Fucci - Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to Workdays First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, Ill hand it over to Mike Haase.
Mike Haase: Welcome to Workdays first quarter fiscal 2016 earnings conference call. On the call we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; and Mark Peek, our CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our Web site where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures, which are used as measures of Workdays performance, should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. Our non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of share-based compensation, employer Payroll tax related items, on employee stock transactions, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and debt discount and issuance costs associated with our convertible notes. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our Web site. Also, the Customers page of our Web site includes a list of selected customers and is updated at the beginning of each month. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our Company Web site under the Investor Relations link. Our second quarter quiet period begins at the close of business July 17, 2015. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2015. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Mike. Thanks to many of you for joining our Analyst Day last month. I hope you took away from that day two things. First is that we really see the world through the lens of the consumer Internet. This is where the innovation is happening now. And second, now that the cloud is the standard, its time to look beyond just the platform. Businesses are looking to grow. It is absolutely critical that data and transactions are together in one single application in the cloud. Workday was built this way on a clean sheet of paper 10 years ago. Our customers can take action from within the system and can make real business decisions in a moment. Only Workday customers can do this. In the first quarter, we took decision making to new levels with the delivery of our first insight application Workday Talent Insights. Workday Insight apps apply data science and machine learning methods to help customers make smarter financial and people management decisions. With Workday Talent Insights customers can confidently tackle talent related challenges, such as identifying a top performer at risk of leaving the company, or pinpointing issues with hiring initiatives that could impact business performance. Companies that use this can gain a competitive advantage on talent. We also delivered Workday Professional Services Automation, a capability that allows organizations that manage projects to optimize project performance with one system that delivers insight and analytics on people, revenue spend and profitability. And our Global Payroll Cloud continues to grow, both through integrations with our partners and with the delivery of our own applications. Im happy to share that Workday Payroll for the United Kingdom is now available and Workday Payroll for France remains on track to be delivered in calendar year 2016. All this innovation was delivered as part of our most recent release, Workday 24. Workday Financial Management continues to see great customer adoption and we expect this trend to continue. Just in the last few weeks, Gartner published new research on core financial management applications, and in this report Workday received the top scores for overall satisfaction with vendors and products, and likelihood of using the vendor and its products again. Workday 24 included significant enhancements to our global foundation. We now have financials customers operating on a broad global basis. Our customers are happy and successful and our applications continue to expand worldwide. To say more directly, Workday Financial Management is now ready for primetime. We are ready to support the biggest companies in the world. Moving into customer traction, we welcome the record number of new customers in the quarter. In total we now have more than 925 customers. Recent new wins included Coco Cola, Dell, and Hitachi. In April the San Francisco Business Times ranked Workday number one for the largest companies on its annual list of best places to work in the Bay Area. This was the fourth time we ranked number one in the list and was the eighth consecutive year we appeared on the list. Just prior, in March, on the day of our 10 year anniversary, we ranked number 22 on Fortune magazines 100 best companies to work for list. These awards are incredibly special to Dave and I, and the entire Workday team. We believe that if you have a good time at work, then product innovation, customer satisfaction, and business success follows. Id like to extend huge appreciation to all of our talented work mates. And finally as I mentioned, we just had our 10th birthday. As I think about the business, the first 10 years of our cloud leadership, we are betting the next 10 on the marriage of cloud and data. And of course we will continue to take care of our customers. We are excited about whats ahead. Mark, over to you.
Mark Peek: Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon, everyone. We started fiscal 2016 with a strong first quarter generating record quarterly revenues, record 12 months operating cash flows, and generating $50 million in free cash flow over the last 12 months. We added a record number of new customers during the quarter. And as Aneel discussed, we are very pleased with the market traction for financials and anticipated continued growth throughout the year. The attach rate for Payroll is very strong, at about 50% of our total customer base and about half of them are live. Over the past year, the attach rate for Payroll is even higher with customers with annual contract values greater than $1 million. In our customer accounts, we do not categorize Payroll as a financials application, but in most of our customers the Payroll function resides within the finance organization, which increases brand awareness. We have also seen a high attach rate with our recruiting application and about half of our new customers in recent quarters buying recruiting and over 50 recruiting customers now live. We have a strong balance sheet, which allows us to invest with more than $1.9 billion of cash and marketable securities and we have $653 million of total unearned revenues. We are pleased with our first quarter accomplishments and want to thank our employees, our partners, and our customers. I'll now walk you through the financial details. We are now a $1 billion run rate company with total revenues for the first quarter of $251 million, an increase of 57% from a year-ago. The vast majority of our sales are currently in U.S. dollars, so there is minimal impact from exchange rates. As mentioned last quarter, we are offering subscription contracts in six foreign currencies and expect a higher percentage of non-U.S. dollar bookings in fiscal 2016 than in prior years. Subscription revenues for our cloud applications were $201 million, up 63% from last year. The weighted average duration of new contracts signed in our first quarter was four years, up slightly from the prior quarter. We once again closed several large contracts with longer terms. Professional services revenues were $50 million, an increase of 38% compared to last year. Job one continues to be the successful deployment of our cloud applications whether by our ecosystem partners or us. Total unearned revenues at quarter end were $653 million, up 3% sequentially and 41% from a year-ago. Over 95% of our unearned revenues are from subscription fees. Short-term unearned revenues were $572 million, an increase of 5% sequentially and 47% from last year. Long-term unearned revenues were $81 million, a decrease of 5% sequentially and up 10% from last year. Renewal rates continued to be very strong, a 100% to be exact, with billings from renewals signed during the quarter at just over 10% of total billings. Looking ahead to the second quarter of fiscal 2016, the strength of our business model and continued momentum provide very good revenue visibility and we expect a solid quarter. Total revenues for the second quarter are expected to be within a range of $270 million to $274 million or growth of 45% to 47% as compared to last year. Subscription revenues are anticipated to be within a range of $217 million to $219 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 51% to 52%. Second quarter derived billings or the sum of revenue plus the sequential change in total unearned revenue are expected to be within a range of $290 million to $295 million. For the year, we anticipate total revenues of approximately $1.125 billion to $1.145 billion, a growth of approximately 43% to 45%. Subscription revenues are anticipated to be within a range of $906 million and $920 million reflecting year-over-year growth of 48% to 50%. Derived billings for the year are anticipated to be within a range of $1.350 billion and $1.365 billion or just under 60% of total billings expected in the second half of the year. We had more than 4,100 employees at the end of the first quarter and continue to anticipate ending fiscal 2016 with more than 5,000 people. As a reminder, approximately two-thirds of our total expenses are employee related. I'll spend a few minutes on operating expenses and our results of operations. Unless otherwise noted, all references to our expenses and operating results are on a non-GAAP basis and are reconciled to our GAAP results within the tables posted on our IR Web site. Our first quarter gross margin was 71.4%, up slightly from the fourth quarter. Subscription gross margin increased sequentially by about 50 basis points to 85.3% and includes the costs related to providing our cloud applications, compensation and related expenses for operations staff and data center networking and depreciation. We expect subscription revenue to increase as a percentage of total revenue over time, but that our gross margin will likely fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. Professional services gross margin was down slightly from the fourth quarter. We continue to expect professional services gross margin to be lower in fiscal 2016 as compared to the prior year, as we invest in programs to ensure ongoing customer success. Our first quarter operating loss was just over $2 million or negative 0.8%. The impact of the strong dollar had a $3.7 million or 145 basis points favorable impact on our operating loss for the quarter. Product development expense in the first quarter was $76 million, up 8% sequentially and up 42% from a year-ago. We continue to invest in new solutions such as Professional Services Automation and Insight applications, as well as strengthening and extending our suite of HR, Payroll, and in particular the financial management applications. Sales and marketing expenses were $86 million, up 6% sequentially and up 40% from last year. The sequential increase was largely due to increased headcount and marketing activities. We were about 100 people short in our hiring objective to support these areas and we intend to work hard to make up the short fall over the next quarter. General and administrative expense was $19 million, up 6% sequentially and up 41% from last year. The net loss per share was $0.02 on 187 million weighted average shares. Given our net loss, all outstanding stock options, warrants, and common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive and not included in the loss per share calculations. Taking into account our adjustments to GAAP operating income that Mike referenced at the start of the call, we currently expect a non-GAAP operating margin for our second quarter and for the full-year to be within a range of negative 2% to negative 4% of total revenue. The GAAP operating margins for the second quarter and the full-year 2016 are expected to be approximately 24 to 26 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP operating margin. Other expenses were $1 million for the quarter. For your modeling, our quarterly non-GAAP interest expense from our convertible notes is approximately $1.6 million. From a GAAP perspective, the Q2 interest expense including $6.3 million of non-cash amortizations reflecting the discount and issuance costs of the notes is approximately $7.9 million. The interest payments on the notes are made during our fiscal second and fourth quarter. Now on to our balance sheet and statements of cash flow. Cash and marketable securities at quarter end were just over $1.9 billion, up $64 million sequentially. Operating cash flows were $94 million for the first quarter and $174 million for the trailing 12 months. Free cash flows were $64 million for the first quarter and $50 million for the trailing 12 months. It was relatively light CapEx quarter; but we continue to expect spending of $150 million during fiscal 2016. As mentioned before, we acquired a leasehold interest in land, in Pleasanton adjacent to our existing office space. We are actively evaluating our alternatives for this site, but potential development costs are not yet factored into our CapEx guidance. For the second quarter, we expect the operating cash flows for the trailing 12 months ended July 31 to be approximately $160 million. To summarize, we are very pleased with our solid first quarter. Looking ahead, were investing for the long-term and see a very large opportunity in front of us. You should expect us to continue making significant investments in our product development and global market expansion to maximize our long-term growth opportunities. With that, let's begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Mark Murphy with J.P Morgan.
Mark Murphy: Yes, thank you very much, and congratulations on the results. Aneel, you had commented last month that I believe you have 13,000 servers today and you see that growing potentially as high as 70,000 servers in the next three years. And so I had two questions on that. First, how different have you found the transactional intensity to be in financials versus in core HCM? So does that mix of servers over time shift dramatically towards financials due to the processing intensity? And then secondly, just directionally, what do you think will happen to the MySQL database footprint over time within our infrastructure layer?
Aneel Bhusri: Sure, Mark. That was actually Stan Swete who went through those numbers at the meeting. So I would probably defer that question back to Stan. I can offer up a couple of high level comments. His estimates were based on utilization of roughly around 5% and with our open stack project and elastic cloud thats well underway we hope to do quite a bit better than that. No question that the financials involve a lot more or processing, in particular, around the analytics, and the analytics around financials are much higher. So I think the best thing to do is just to have Stan -- we will get Stan to get back to on a more specific answer to those questions.
Operator: Your next question will come from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you. Aneel, I wanted to go back to the comment you said about talking about Payroll and the success youve had there thus far. Im just -- given it resides in people's financial when they think about financials, who are you displacing for Payroll? And as you get your foot in the door, what are you seeing about how the adoption of this offering is helping you expand into more financial RFPs? If there is anything you could share with us that youve noticed over the last year or so.
Aneel Bhusri: Heath, its a great question. I don't know the exact percentages, but quite a few times we see Payroll as part of the finance organization. We displace the same legacy systems that we do for HR and Finance, SAP, PeopleSoft, Oracle. Probably in the order of PeopleSoft/Oracle then SAP. When you get to the mid market, we displace ADP and in those cases the customers usually bring some Payroll operations back in-house. So it's really the same cast of characters with the addition of ADP as it is for the HCM world. In terms of opening the door to financials, absolutely it does. Today we have done minimal marketing to our customer base something that we will greatly increase over the next few quarters. We wanted to market to them in the right way and at the time we thought that the products were ready for them, and so going through the Payroll and HR lens into our customer base is a great way to solve financials.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter Pritchard: Hi. Mark, youve typically given us some updates around material milestones in financials and if you are at 100 was the last one. Should we expect to hear -- I'm trying to understand sort of what the milestone should be that we hear and anything else you can offer up to help us understand some of the traction that you are seeing there that sounds like you are excited about from the call -- Davids comments on the call.
Mark Peek: Sure, Walter. At the Analyst Day in mid-April we talked about a 135 financials customers, and so you should expect us to -- to hear from us when we had a 1,000 total customers and then some other milestone in financials and we will probably let you know how many financials customers we have when we hit a 1,000 total customers.
Aneel Bhusri: I think the next milestone would be 100 live financial customers as one that we would like to highlight.
Walter Pritchard: Okay, great. Thanks.
Mark Peek: We are making great progress towards that everyday.
Operator: And your next question will come from Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank.
Karl Keirstead: Thank you. Aneel, Workday is now large enough that single deals dont move the needle too much, but a quick check on Google suggests that combined headcount of Coca Cola, Dell, and Hitachi might be over 0.5 million. So those are big, big clients and so I just wanted to ask you did they all drop in the April quarter? Was that the quarter when those deals were signed, and is Workday taking over the entirety of the ATM needs for those entities? I know maybe youre guarded in terms of how much you can disclose about single deals. But any color might be helpful given how large those organizations are? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: So I believe we are taking over all of the core HR functions. I'm not sure about Payroll for all those companies. We don't have Payroll products in all the markets. So Ive to get back to you on that, but it is for their entire population as it relates to HR. and in terms of the quarter, Mark?
Mark Peek: Yes, they all were deals that were signed inside this quarter.
Karl Keirstead: Okay, great. Congrats on those deals.
Operator: Your next question will come from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow: Thanks for taking my question. A question for Mark. Mark, the operating cash flow this quarter was very good. Can you talk a little bit about the drivers here and how you think about cash flow for the rest of the year? Thank you.
Mark Peek: Sure. Yes, the big -- the biggest driver of course for cash flow in Q1 was the large accounts receivable balance that we had at the end of the fourth quarter that will be based on the seasonality of the fourth quarter. We have been at the stage where we have been operating cash flow breakeven and driving free cash flow and over the last trailing 12 months is now $50 million of free cash flow. When you look ahead to the second quarter, we expect there to be a seasonal decline. We guided $160 million on a trailing 12 months basis, which is actually on a trailing 12 also a decline. And that's largely due to the fact that in Q1 of this year our billings as compared to Q4 were down sequentially whereas a year-ago, they were actually up sequentially. But we expect strong cash flow characteristics. So it's just the nature of our business, particularly, as we get more and more maturity into the renewal cycle.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill: Good afternoon. Question for Aneel and one for Mark. Just for Aneel, on the three large deals that you mentioned, are those all HR or is there a component beyond HR that they're taking?
Aneel Bhusri: I think specific to those deals, I think several included Recruiting. I will have to check with you on that. They are all core HR and we have seen high attach rates on both Payroll and Recruiting, but I will get back to you on the details of that one.
Brent Thill: Okay, that's great. And Mark, just on the billings guide for the year, when you look at the billings growth last year obviously you have -- you face a tough compare, but the guidance at least the low end kind of assumes effectively a cut in the growth rate, a pretty material deceleration. I'm just curious, other than the big comp, is there anything else that we should be aware of that may be impacting that -- the billings forecast you gave for fiscal 16?
Mark Peek: Its a combination of factors. The first is that the large deals although they are becoming a -- more routine for us they still are unpredictable as to which quarter they are going to fall. And so when we look ahead to the pipeline, particularly ahead to the quarter, we take into account the probability of having some of the larger accounts all within a given quarter or within the fiscal year. We also as we grow, we have largely been a core HR in North America to rely on most of our bookings this year. We have more of an impact from both financials and from -- and particularly from Europe, there is some impact of FX looking ahead on European booking since we are now selling in other currencies. But for the most part it's -- we feel strong across all the sectors of the business and its largely just the result of the numbers keep getting bigger.
Brent Thill: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question will come from Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle: Great. Thanks so much. I had two for Aneel. Aneel, in the past youve talked about moving into vertical markets and now that you have got analytics up and ramping. When might we start to see some of those vertical specific products? And then second, as you expand out these offerings, when do you have to start to maybe change the go-to-market strategy and reorganize the sales force to reflect the diversity of the products? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Okay. As it relates to the vertical or we call them industry initiatives, we began that few a years ago by first building public sector and educational functionality into our HR and financial product lines and then announcing the student system and we are well along the way in delivering the student system. For the foreseeable future, you will see the industry initiatives more in the core HR and financial products. So we announced the availability and capability of Professional Services Automation, that's an important financials feature for professional services and software into companies or any company that drives revenue off of project. We talked about average daily balance and other financial services capabilities and that's helping our finance product do very well and financial services and we have inventory coming later this year that will open-up the doors more broadly for healthcare. So for the time being beyond the student system, its really more about billing the industry specific capabilities for our financial products and opening up the doors in that way. From a go-to market perspective, we are still aligned by products, but we do now have specialist in the services and sales organization that understand the needs around education and government, financial services, healthcare, and a couple other industries that are tying the product back to specific value propositions for the customers.
Operator: And your next question will come from Justin Furby with William Blair and Company.
Justin Furby: Hi, guys. Thanks. Couple of questions. First for Mark, it sounds like a listen had a record number of Q1 signs and some large deals thats clearly as part of that. I'm wondering why last year if you look at the numbers, you added something like $100 million of incremental billings year-over-year and this year its something closer to $60 million. It would seem to imply that deal sizes in aggregate are coming down. And I guess, is that the right takeaway and what drives, if you look at your Q4 versus Q1, do you think you are starting to look more like an enterprise software company with bigger Q4s, weaker Q1? And then I have a follow-up for Aneel.
Mark Peek: To answer the last part of your question first, we are seeing a much more seasonality and I think part of it is our presence in the market is becoming stronger and there are just more cycles at the end of the fourth quarter as enterprises spend their budgets and began to formulate projects so they can start them to begin the new year. On a year-over-year basis, a year-ago we had -- that what dominated the call was the fact that we had several large deals really brought in $15 million to $20 million of additional billings from the second quarter into the first quarter and so that has some impact. It was a bit of a tough comp for us in Q1.
Justin Furby: Okay. And then Aneel, you guys talk a lot about the 95% plus customer retention metric or customer satisfaction metric and it seems like thats really important internally. I guess, Im just wondering as you now hit a $1 billion run rate, how big of a governor that becomes on your overall growth profile and I would love your thoughts on just the partner ecosystem as well and whether you think they are big enough or if you have to start adding net new partners into the mix?
Aneel Bhusri: Our partner system -- our partner ecosystem is definitely big enough, but like us they have to keep up with the hiring to meet the demand from the customers and something that we monitor pretty carefully. But weve got several large partners all investing heavily in Workday, Deloitte, Accenture, IBM, Aon Hewitt, Price Waterhouse, KPMG, all the big shots are making big investments in Workday, and beginning to do it outside of North America as well. So we see the investment there and you see the percent of the Workday work in the ecosystem continues to trend favorably downwards. So -- but they all have hiring to do and it's a tough market to hire faster.
Justin Furby: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Rick Sherlund with Nomura.
Rick Sherlund: Thanks. Two questions. First, are there any pressure with these big contracts to defer billings? If it takes a year or two to roll the system out and theyre paying for it upfront, is there any pressure to kind of change the terms that might affect your billings? And second, Aneel Ive heard you talk about the value proposition the software being, the predictive capabilities because of in memory. I'm just curious after analytics, if there are products that you can monetize, that you would anticipate going forward, maybe financial planning, but there could be a lot of real-time systems that we might consider being incremental in the future in separate products?
Mark Peek: Okay. I can take the first part of the question, Rick. Certainly the larger customer and also the larger the relationship where perhaps theyre taking on some additional functionality, we are willing to work on the billing term. But for the most part and on average, were -- on a dollar weighted average; we are still billing one-year of ACV upfront. So its -- it doesn't have a significant impact on the model, but from time to time, we'll work with customers in special circumstances. But its also reflected in the other terms and conditions of the contract.
Aneel Bhusri: And I would just add that, we dont get a ton that sort of pressure from commercial organizations. We get a lot more of it from state and local companies that are trying to fit things into fiscal budgets. And it's working with them to jump through hoops to get through their budget approval cycles, which are different than commercial organizations. As it relates to the in memory analytic capability, for the time being the real focus will continue to be on these inside applications. We have announced -- or we have delivered the first one Talent Insights. We are planning on delivering several more for the rest of the year. But I would hope within 2 to 3 years, we have got 30 to 40 of these applications beginning with the cross industry cover of -- coverage of HR and Finance applications, but then moving into industry specific analytic solutions as well. And what we see from our customers is great interest in learning more and beginning to subscribe for these new offerings. So there is a lot of work for us to do just on these Insight apps to build a full portfolio of it before we think about applications outside of that framework.
Operator: Okay. You next question will come from Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Market.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks very much. One for Mark and one for Aneel. So Mark, I think we are all trying to go back to the billings number and think about your comment about 100% renewing billing then think about last years incremental net new and this years incremental net new, and I guess one thing we haven't talked about is pricing on deals. So I'd be curious to get a sense for your comments around pricing on either new business or renewing business? And then Aneel, I was just curious when you think about progress with financials, are there any incremental catalyst that you see over the next 6 to 12 months that could really sort of spur adoption whether it's Insight apps or anything else that you see in the product pipeline that could really create a catalyst for adoption? Thanks.
Mark Peek: Yes, I will start with pricing and tackle renewals first. Our renewals rhythm is still at the very early stages and so it is not yet material part of the overall billings model. That said, for the last several quarters it's been over 10% of billings. And what we are seeing is that: A, customers renew. B, they tend to renew at rates that are ahead of the original rates from the original contracts. And C, it's an interesting time for them to consider additional products that we are finding that we can add Payroll and Recruiting during that time horizon. But again, its sort of early stages of the renewals market for us because for the most of our history we were taking 3 to 5 year long contracts. On the new business, we have maintained relatively good discounting discipline and the overall aggregate discounts really haven't moved much in the last year or plus. We face competitive pressure on pricing, but our customers see the value proposition and actually being the vendor that can deliver a product and a service.
Aneel Bhusri: And on the second part, I think in some ways we've been our own worst enemy. We are very careful about announcing products and making sure that they truly are ready for the customer environment, something our competitors don't always do. We really want to make sure that if a customer subscribes to the Workday financial products that will work and they will be happy and referenceable. And we feel like we have reached that milestone. We talked about being 15 to 18 months away at the time of the IPO and we are now little bit over two years pass the IPO. Workday 24 really feels like a seminal release for us in many ways, functionality and scalability wise. So what we need to do now is just to kick start the pipeline building engine. And I think the activities that we can do to drive that are marketing towards our very happy customer base of over 900 HR customers, doing some pretty aggressive ad campaigns and awareness campaigns. It doesn't have the -- the product line does not have the awareness or anywhere near the awareness of the HR product line, so we have some work to do there. So those are a couple of things that we can do to kick start the pipeline building. I will say that we have several Fortune 250 accounts that are in various stages in the pipeline right now. And having been part of those conversations, our current product and the roadmap over the next 12 months holds up very well for getting these companies live in the timeframe that they're looking and leaving one of the legacy finance systems. So our belief that the financials are ready for prime time is being proven out in the market and we will see the success over the next few quarters as some of these details begin to turn from pipeline into reality.
Ross MacMillan: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question will come from Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo.
Jason Maynard: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. I actually had two questions. One, Aneel, was kind of drilling down onto your prime time comment for the financials. With this new added capability in the maturation, how would you sort of describe the sweet spot customer now for this release? And I know you provided some pretty good detail back at the April Analyst Meeting around this, but would you -- if you had to sort of zero in and say okay, we can now tackle this scenario in a real repetitive way that we can build sales motions around that? Appreciate some color there, and then I have a follow up.
Aneel Bhusri: So I think for the time being in the customer is a non-supply chain, non-manufacturing based customer, we have a pretty good chance of being able to support them both from a scale perspective and a functionality perspective, both finance functionality as well as the global foundation. The global foundation continues to evolve over time just like it did for HR. But we feel very confident about that and I will hope over the upcoming months to year, we would have a vehicle for being able to sell our financials into the manufacturing and supply chain worlds as well. 
Jason Maynard: Can I -- maybe the follow-up question then would be, do you think we are at the point in the cycle where customers buying criteria requires HR and financials to be procured from the same vendor or are customers still making these cloud selections sort of independently? Im going to look at the entirety of the HR suite; Im going to look at the financial suite? And do you see any synergy yet in your cross-selling activity, going back into your customer base and saying okay let's bring financials to the account? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, weve definitely seen the trend in the mid market towards buying a platform, buying HR and Finance from the same vendor and we obviously love that trend. I would say when you up market, I would expect that same trend to continue. Its still relatively early in the days of selling finance large-scale to large-scale companies running in a pure cloud environment. I think if you were to look at the Fortune 500 data or Fortune 1000 data, my guess is with a 135 customers and the number weve live, were well ahead of our two legacy competitors. But that just tells you its still early on. I sure hope and I think the market will drive to suites. There is a natural fit between HR and Finance organizationally and in terms of the data thats used, especially for non-manufacturing companies, most of the expenses is people related expenses. So if the mid market is any precursor to what's going to happen in large companies, we definitely see a shift towards buying the full platform.
Jason Maynard: Great. Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Operator, we are going to take one more question please. Thanks.
Operator: Okay. Our final question will come from the line of John Di Fucci with Jefferies.
John Di Fucci: Thank you. Thanks for taking my question. I just have one. It sounds like you signed several marquee names this quarter, but billings rose certainly moderated and thats where some of the questions are here. We realize we shouldnt really just be focusing on just quarterly results alone, but in the recent quarter did heated competition play a greater role than it has -- than has been the case previously? I think, Aneel, youve mentioned some of the almost irrational tactics by Oracle, and then weve heard about some of them in the field, too. Are we seeing any of that in these results?
Aneel Bhusri: I don't think it's any different in terms of the tactics in the first quarter than it has been in previous quarters. I mean Id say every quarter is an ebb and a flow. Id say right now Oracle has their act together better than SAP. SAP seems to be in a bit of disarray. So from our mind, that sort of all evens out.
John Di Fucci: Okay. Well, thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Okay. Thank you. End of Q&A
Operator: And we would like to thank you for your participation in todays earnings call. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-02-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Haase - Investor Relations Aneel Bhusri - Chief Executive Officer Mark Peek - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jennifer Lowe - Morgan Stanley Nicole Hayashi - Goldman Sachs Tyler Radke - Citi Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Brent Thill - UBS John Di Fucci - Jefferies  Katherine Egbert - Piper Jaffray Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald Steve Ashley - Robert Baird Patrick Falfone - Evercore Ryan McDonald - Sterne Agee
Operator: Welcome to Workdays Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand it over to Mike Haase.
Mike Haase: Welcome to Workdays fourth quarter fiscal 2015 earnings conference call. On the call we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO and Mark Peek, our CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures, which are used as measures of Workdays performance, should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. Our non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of share-based compensation, employer payroll tax related items, on employee stock transactions, debt discount and issuance costs associated with our convertible notes and for fiscal 2015, also exclude amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. Also, the Customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated at the beginning of each month. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Our first quarter quiet period begins at the close of business April 16, 2015. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2014. For your planning purposes, we are hosting an Analyst Day on April 15 in San Francisco. I'll send more details including a registration link in the coming days.  With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Mike. I'll spend a couple of minutes on the few highlights for fiscal year 2015 and then share brief outlook of key initiatives for fiscal year 2016 before handing things over to Mark. Last year we continue to see strong cracks on a global level for human capital management. We welcome to the Workday community Bank of America in the US, Unilever and Rolls Royce in Europe, Fast Retailing in Japan and most recently ING Bank in the Netherlands. As more customers joined the Workday community, we continue to expand our presence globally and announce our growth plan for Germany and Japan, two very important markets where we see great opportunity. On the financial side we saw a growing momentum over the year and Q4 marked our biggest quarter yet for new financial management customers. We are extremely pleased to see customer adoption continue to accelerate and we expect more the same in the year ahead.  As I said before welcoming new customer is only the first step and the most important work is helping them give live and gaining value on Workday. At the end of fiscal 2015, more than 70% of our customers are live; in Q4 alone we put 80 customers into production. We are making good progress on this front and there is more work to be done. I'd like to take this moment to thank our service partners who have been instrument to our customer success. I am also proud to share that we were voted the number one company to work for on a local Bay Area Top Places list for the fourth consecutive year and also voted number one by our employees in the inaugural great rated survey conduced by A Great Place to Work. Our happy employees are big reason we achieved a 97% customer satisfaction rating for our third consecutive year. As we continue to add talent to Workday, I am pleased to announce that Phil Wilmington has joined our team to lead our worldwide sales organization. A good friend and PeopleSoft veteran with deep expertise in our core market of finance, HR and analytics. Phil worked closely with our regional leaders to continue to build our global sales team. Phil will report to our President and Chief Operating Officer, Mike Stankey.  On the product front we had another excellent year, driving innovation into our suite of applications. We delivered Workday recruiting last spring with Workday 22 and we since seeing strong demand for that application. We made significant strides at financial management adding breadth and depth in the product as well as critical industry specific requirement. Early in fiscal 2015, we announced the acquisition of the identified team to help us enhance our search capabilities and accelerate the delivery of productive analytics and machine learning throughout our suite of application. With this team, we have created a new series of decision making applications called Workday inside Applications which we announced Workday Rising and which will begin to hit the market this year. Looking forward to 2016, we are very excited about our prospects for great year. Our ATM product continues to be the market leader. Our financial applications are gaining momentum and our push into analytics is bringing real value to our customers. At the same, we will continue to expand our market coverage across the global and add industry capabilities beyond our current education and government initiative.  In summary, we feel very confident about our business, our team and the opportunities ahead.  With that I'll now turn it over to Mark.
Mark Peek: Thanks, Aneel. And good afternoon everyone. We finished an outstanding fiscal 2015 with a great fourth quarter generating record revenues, fillings and trailing 12 months operating cash flows. Before I go to details of the fourth quarter and take a look ahead to fiscal 2016, let's spend a little time looking back in our accomplishments this past year. Fiscal 2015 was a year of tremendous success financially and across our operating metrics. Total revenues increased 68% to $788 million and subscription revenues increased 73% to $613 million. Total unearned revenue for the year increased 53% to $633 million and we generated operating cash flows of more than $100 million for the year. Non -cancelable subscription backlog at yearend was $965 million so combined with unearned subscription revenue; we have $1,570 million of subscription revenue to be recognized in future period or more than 2.5x our fiscal year 2015 subscription revenue. The year over year increase in total unearned subscription revenue plus backlog was 53%. We ended the year with nearly $1.9 billion of cash. Operating cash flows for the year were $102 million and free cash flows were a negative $2 million. So we are running a model that is now essentially breakeven including run rate CapEx spent. For the full year, we improved our non-GAAP operating margin to a negative 6.7% from 18.6% last year. We are making a conscious decision to invest in product and market expansion and do not anticipate this pace of margin improvement in near future. We still believe we are a couple of years away from positive non-GAAP operating margin. However, we expect continued progress in cash flow generation in 2016 ahead of these operating margins. We added nearly 1,150 net new employees during the year, a 44% increase from the beginning of the year and ended this year with about 3,750 people. We are pleased with our fiscal 2015 accomplishments. We want to thank our employees, our partners and our customers.  Now I'll walk you through the financial details. Total revenues for the fourth quarter were $226 million, an increase 59% from a year ago. The vast majority of our sales are currently in US dollar so there is a minimal impact from exchange rate. In fiscal 2016, we are offering subscription contracts in six foreign currencies and expect a higher percentage of non US dollar bookings than in prior years. Subscription revenues for our cloud applications were $182 million, an increase of 64% from last year. The weighted average duration of new contracts signed in our fourth quarter was 3.9 years. This was higher than our historical pattern driven by several large contracts with longer term. Our professional services revenue was $44 million, an increase of 43% compared to last year. Job one continues to be the successful deployment of our cloud applications whether by our ecosystem partners or us. We mentioned last quarter that we are targeting a very aggressive goal of 75 customers going live during Q4. We exceeded this goal with 80 go live and over 70% of our customers are now live in production.  Total unearned revenue at quarter end was $633 million, up 25% sequentially and 53% from a year ago. Over 90% of our unearned revenue was from subscription fees. Short-term unearned revenue was $547 million, an increase of 24% sequentially and 64% from last year. Long-term unearned revenue was $86 million, increases of 28% sequentially and 6% from last year. As compared to the third quarter, the cash billed on the first year as a percent of the annual contract value increased about 400 basis points, adding about $4 million to the derived billings calculation.  Renewal rates continue to be strong but billings of renewals signed this quarter continue to be less than 10% of total billing. Also wanted to provide you with color on our subscription backlog. As a reminder, most of our subscription agreements are for three years and are non cancelable. In a typical contract, the first year of a multiyear contract is billed and recorded on our balance sheet as unearned revenue. The non-cancelable unbilled portion of the contract remains off our balance sheet as backlog until billed. As mentioned in my opening remarks, total non-cancelable subscription backlog as of the end of fiscal 2015 was $965 million, up 52% from $636 million at the end of fiscal 2014. Total future subscription revenue which include total unearned subscription revenue plus subscription backlog was $1.570 billion, a 53% increase from approximately $1 billion at the end of fiscal 2014.  Looking ahead to the first quarter and full year of fiscal 2016, the strength of our business model and continued momentum provide very good revenue visibility and we expect a solid first quarter. Total revenues for the first quarter are expected to be within the range of $242 million to $245 million, a year-over-year growth of 51% to 53%. Subscription revenues are anticipated to be within the range of $195 million to $197 million or growth of 58% to 60%. We also anticipate our first quarter derived billing or the sum of revenue plus the sequential change in total unearned revenue to be $255 million to $260 million. I'll remind you that we face a very difficult comp for the first quarter as compared to last year when we had several significant large signings earlier in the year than expected.  For the year, we anticipate total revenues of approximately $1.150 billion to $1.140 billion or growth of 42% to 45%. Subscription revenues are anticipated to be within the range of $900 million and $920 million reflecting year-over-year growth of 47% to 50%. Derived billings for the year are anticipated to be within a range of $1,340 million and $1.360 billion with just under 60% of total billings expected in the second half of the year. We ended the year with approximately 3,750 full time employees, an increase of nearly 1,150 for the year. During fiscal 2016, we expect to end the year with more than 5,000 employees; approximately two thirds of our total expenses are employee related. Let's spend a few minutes on operating expenses and our results of operations. Unless otherwise noted, all references to our expenses and operating results are on a non-GAAP basis and are reconciled in the tables listed on our IR website. Our fourth quarter gross margin was 71.2%, up 165 basis points from the third quarter driven by our mix of subscription revenues growing faster than professional services. The fourth quarter subscription gross margin increased slightly to 84.8% and includes the costs related to providing our cloud applications, compensation and related expenses for operation staff and data center networking and depreciation. We expect subscription revenue will increase as a percentage of total revenue over time, but that our gross margin will likely fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. The professional services gross margin decreased by 540 basis points sequentially. As we guided last quarter, fourth quarter utilization rates and the professional services gross margin decrease from the third quarter driven by normal holiday season slowing. We anticipate professional services margins will be lower in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015 as we invest in programs to ensure ongoing customer success.  Our fourth quarter operating loss was $8.6 million or negative 3.8% of revenue in line with our guidance. Product development expenses in the fourth quarter were $71 million, up 8% sequentially and up 55% from a year ago. We continue to invest in our product development for solutions such as student and professional services automation as well as strengthening and extending our suite of HR, payroll, and in particular financial management applications. Sales and marketing expenses was $81 million, up 13% sequentially and up 45% from last year. The sequential increase was driven largely from higher variable comp. General and administrative expense was $18 million, up sequentially and 29% year-over-year. The sequential increase is largely a result of increased headcount and seasonal corporate expenses. The net loss per share was $0.06 on 186 million weighted average shares, given our net loss all outstanding stock options warrant and common stock equivalent are anti dilutive and not included in the loss per share calculation.  Taking into account our adjustments to GAAP operating income that Mike referenced at the start of the call, we currently expect our fiscal first quarter non-GAAP operating margin to be within the range of negative 4% to negative 6% of total revenue. For the year, we plan to ramp up our investments and expect a modest improvement in our 2016 non-GAAP operating margin but continuing to operate at a loss for the year. The GAAP operating margin for the first quarter is expected to be approximately 20 to 22 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margin. For the full fiscal year 2016, the GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 23 to 25 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margin.  Long-term profitability and cash flow generation are important goals but we believe our focus today needs to be on market expansion, continued product innovation and growth. Other expenses were $2.1 million, up slightly compared to the third quarter. For your modeling, our quarterly non-GAAP interest expense from our convertible notes is approximately $1.6 million. From a GAAP perspective, the Q1 interest expense including $6.2 million of non-cash amortization reflecting the discount and issuance costs of the notes is approximately $7.8 million. The interest payments on the notes are made during our fiscal second and fourth quarter. Now on to our balance sheet and statement of cash flows. Cash and short-term investments at quarter were nearly $1.9 billion, up $23 million sequentially. Operating cash flows were $48 million for the fourth quarter and $102 million for the year. Free cash flows for the quarter were $11 million and for the year a negative $2 million. Capital expenditures during fiscal 2016 are anticipated to be approximately $150 million as we continue building our datacenters to support customer growth and expand our office space. As mentioned before, we acquired a leasehold interest in land in Pleasanton adjacent to our existing office space. We are actively evaluating our alternatives for this site but potential development costs are not yet factored into our CapEx guidance.  To summarize, we are very pleased with our solid fourth quarter performance and our accomplishments during fiscal 2015. Looking ahead, we are investing for the long-term and see a very large opportunity in front of us. You should expect us to continue making significant investments in our product development and global market expansion to maximize our long term growth opportunities.  With that let's begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jennifer Lowe with Morgan Stanley. 
Jennifer Lowe: Great, thank you. Mark or Aneel, I heard you mentioned on the call that up to 70% of your customer were live at this point. So I was curious if you could give us more granular there and talk about your financial customer go live and to the extent that you have seen more customers go live, what is the feedback been like from those customers as they start to really use the product? 
Aneel Bhusri: So I think in the last earnings announcement we mentioned that over 50 of our customers are live on financials. And the feedback has been very positive. I was actually on a call with the well known financial services company yesterday that I just gone live with HR and financials and very happy, they embrace some of the new mobile capabilities on expenses, very pleased with the analytics and reporting. So I mean in generally specially given the strength of fourth quarter we are feeling very good about the financial products. 
Jennifer Lowe: Great and may be just a follow up on that. I think one other thing you talked about as you get more confident in these implementations being successful on the financial side, there is opportunity is to get more engagement from the partner channel potentially there. And I was just curious if there is some about the engagement been like with partners and financials. 
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. We are seeing a significant uptick in interest from all the partners in financials. And in some cases newer partners are -- who are maybe late to the game in human capital management are now leading with building financials practices. So it is all heading in the right direction. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Nicole Hayashi: Hi, thanks. This is Nicole Hayashi in for Heather. Thanks for taking my question. Just had a question around your sales force with Phil as your new head of sales and he is focused on building out a global team, does this change how you are approaching the way you structure your sales force internationally? And could you remind us how the sales team is structured abroad compared to the US?
Aneel Bhusri: No. It really doesn't change much. Our President Mike Stankey had been running sales, worldwide sales as part of the broader set of responsibilities and that was increasingly taking up quite a bit of his time and so we decided to bring Phil on board to just focus on worldwide sales but the rest of the structure basically stays in place and Phil reports to Mike. Phil is a seasoned veteran who is terrific with customers, terrific with -- will be terrific with our team and we are very excited to have him on board. And he and Mike have a great working relationship. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citi
Tyler Radke: Yes, hi. This is actually Tyler Radke calling in for Walter Pritchard. I just wanted to get a little more color on your billings guidance. As I look at Q1 I know that you having tough comp but it just seems that there something else that maybe -- I just want to know if there something else that we should be thinking about? If I look at it on sequential basis, it is kind of implying decline 25% to 30%. So I just wanted to know if there is anything we should be thinking about whether it is a FX or anything else we should be considering. 
Mark Peek: Are you specifically talking about the first quarter or for the full year?
Tyler Radke: Yes. For Q1
Mark Peek: For Q1. No, it is difficult comp if you recall, Q1 of last year actually grew substantially sequentially over Q4 and we attributed that to a number of contract that we hadn't anticipated would come in during the first quarter and that were -- they pulled forward and so very strong quarter as we laid out a year ago. But no other than the fact that renewals is beginning to kick in but still is net new renewals in a quarter is still going to be well less than 10% of billings in every given quarter. So most of billings are coming from the existing deferred revenue, backlog rolling in and then new sales that we make. 
Tyler Radke: Okay. Great, and then if I could ask one more and maybe I missed this but did you -- can you talk about how performance was on a geographic basis in the quarter and I saw in the press release you are talking about rolling into more markets in Europe and just kind of wondering your thoughts on how you approach then and what's the decision process looked like.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I am pleased to say that performance was strong across all regions in the fourth quarter. We were lumpy during the rest of the year but the fourth quarter was strong in North America, it was strong in Europe and it was strong in Asia Pac. Asia Pac had a particularly strong fourth quarter. So really it was an across the board success. The big new market that we announced earlier this year was Germany and we are beginning to ramp up of resource and we believe our products are ready for the German market. And as you know it is the biggest economy of Europe. And we are winning of Fast Retailing in Japan; we are also beginning to gain traction in Japan which is -- which for us is our biggest economy in Asia. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays
Raimo Lenschow: Thanks for taking my questions. Couple of quick ones if I may. First, Aneel, can you talk a little bit about what are you seeing in your customer conversation? You talk about the bigger guys, about their thinking of standardizing on Workday. I remember back in the old PeopleSoft days you guys were kind of little bit to standard so you wouldn't get fired to kind of pick Workday while all the other guys were at little bit of risk and little extra work involved there. Are you back at the same kind of level again that Workday is kind of the factor standard so if you have a conversation with the client that's kind of you are the one who is making the first call. 
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I like to think about so as the fact of standard, I like the way you characterize it. Our existing customers specific to your question are very happy. We run a 97% customer satisfaction. I think what has evolved over time as we go through renewals as they get live on Workday, they are definitely coming back and looking at additional modules, whether it is expanding into payroll or recruiting or expenses, expenses in particular has been a hot product the last few quarters. They are definitely expanding their Workday footprint. We see the early signs of what we call platform deals where customers are either buying HR and financials together upfront or expanding out of HR into financial realm. So this all comes down to getting customer into production and customers being happy, if they are live and they are happy they will come back to as a vendor for more products and I think it is in many ways there is a lot of noise out there about lots of other things but this is all about making customers successful and it is a pretty simple formula. 
Raimo Lenschow: And then just two quick ones for Mark. And first on modeling for the professional services part, we are hearing more and more from the partner ecosystem about them kind of gearing up et cetera. Should we start thinking at some point that the growth for your service business should be slowing down more meaningfully? 
Mark Peek: I think when you derive growth for professional services after you back out subscription, you will see that there is some deceleration but that's that -- we are still going to continue to aggressively grow our own service providers. Part of this is that we have some customers in HCM and in platform that just want to use Workday to have one provider and just to have one supplier to go live. But then in products such as financials we are still continuing to do about 50% of the new implementation and new deployment. And so as financials continues to grow we will still continue to have a large presence in professional services. 
Raimo Lenschow: Sorry, and one last quick one for me, sorry about that. Lot of clients are asking on the operating cash flow for Q4 and it looks like receivables was the big drag there, can you talk a little bit was there anything specific going on? 
Mark Peek: No. It was really just the result of the seasonal volumes for the fourth quarter. Our DSO as we calculated which is based on -- which includes the change in deferred revenue was essentially the same as it was a year ago in the low 30 days category, so no concerns for receivable. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS. 
Brent Thill: Aneel, I just wanted to follow up on Phil coming into run sales. I mean historically when you have a change in sales management it seems there is always been a transitional period and it sounds, if I interpret your comment in the call correctly that there are really no major changes in quotas or alignment of sales force as Phil rolls on. I just wanted to be clear that, that was the case.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes, no. Mike Stankey continues to run our worldwide field operations. We have not had the role of worldwide sales before, so think of it is an insertion of a new layer given how big the scale of our worldwide operations is now today. But nothing else changes. 
Brent Thill: Okay. And maybe if you could talk a little bit through the advancement is move to Europe. What are you seeing? I know you laid out few of the countries that you like to become bigger and but now that when your primary competitors have declared the cloud is the way to go, is this a sense evangelizing helping potentially some of the sales cycle move along little faster than perhaps in the past for the traditional professional vendors really didn't evangelized at the level of that, that are moving now.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes, no. I think it is a very good question and absolutely no one is debating cloud versus on premise anymore. It is about the validity of different vendors cloud, cloud strategy and actually cloud offerings not just what they say they are going to do but what they can actually do now. And that's really where we are today. We can demonstrate customer success with customers in production and in every part of the world. And our competitors will struggle with that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Di Fucci with Jefferies. 
John Di Fucci: Thanks. Quick question for Mark and then one for Aneel. Mark, just back to the accounts receivables that Raimo mentioned, you got sequential uptick of about $70 million versus last couple of years is more like $5 million, would it be logical to assume that this is because you have an uptick in larger deals this year relative to last two, I know it is your fiscal fourth quarter and I see you are doing more large deals and most of your deals are large deals anyway. Did you see a difference this year? And should we assume that to be supportive this uptick, this greater uptick to be supportive of cash flow next quarter. 
Mark Peek: Yes. It is certainly -- our expectations, John, it will be clearly a tailwind for us cash flow for Q1 because we will collect all of that increase, in addition to just increase volume that we had in the fourth quarter as we mentioned on the call, there is about 400 basis points more cash billed upfront on contracts this quarter which also had gave us a little bit lift in both billings and accounts receivable.
John Di Fucci: And was the sequential uptick did have anything to do with more large deals and greater mix of large deals this year than larger deals than the last couple. 
Mark Peek: More that -- we have always experienced in quarter seasonality towards the back part of the quarter. And so there is always an impact of it, if it didn't -- if it didn't get book before January is going to end up in accounts receivable. And so we had a heavier volume, heavier percentage of seasonality in the quarter touch in January this year than last. 
John Di Fucci: Okay, great. And Aneel on the expansion and some of the movement into Germany specifically as the largest economy or I don't know if the UK is the largest but it is one of the largest economies in Europe. Can you remind us where your datacenters are? I know at one point I think you had some operations in Amsterdam but can you remind us where they are in Europe and if that is an issue at all, if you have anything in Germany or if you plan to put anything in Germany, is that been an issue at all for customers as to where your datacenter is actually reside? 
Aneel Bhusri: I believe we have -- our two datacenters are in the Netherlands and in Dublin. And to date those have not been -- it is not been an issue selling to German companies. It is early on for us. So we will find out more and we will go from there. But so far so good. They are far focused on the datacenters not being in the US rather than where they are in Europe. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Katherine Egbert with Piper Jaffray. 
Katherine Egbert: Hi, good afternoon. At the risk of beating dead horse, I just wanted to ask one more question about Europe. How big of a market expansion would you say as if you to go into Germany and Japan? And then also does your guidance for this fiscal year contemplate any FX as you move to more currencies. 
Aneel Bhusri: So on the first one if you loo at the G8 countries, Germany and Japan are both on that list. And a good proxy for the size of the market opportunity for us to the size of the economy. So obviously those are two very big geographies that we really do not have much of presence the last few years. In both cases we actually have large multinationals running big population of employees or their finances in those countries, big changes that we are pursuing companies headquarter in those countries. And we had a very big win in Japan with Fast Retailing. I think you will see us announce some big wins in Germany in the upcoming months. And the criteria are the same. These companies are frustrated with their legacy systems, are looking for a better way and they are looking for way to ensure that they get into production with their system relatively quickly and we think we've got great story for them and a great solution for them. 
Mark Peek: And Katherine with respect to currency and guidance, it really relates more to billings frankly than revenue just because of the subscription model. We plan in local currency and we have a plan rate that doesn't change for each of the theater leaders but then we guided, we move to spot rate and then our plan as we take down contracts that are denominated in foreign currency will be to hedge the future billings so that we don't have a lot of exposure outside of -- when the contract was signed as to future billings. 
Katherine Egbert: Okay. So it sounds like guidance does take some of that into account. 
Mark Peek: Yes. At least as spot rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo.
Jason Maynard: Hey, good afternoon, guys. And congratulation on a good close out to the end of the year. Aneel, I really had two questions. And they were centered on first just cross selling of additional products into the base. And I apologize if you had cover this at the start of the call, but I was just curious is there any data points or metrics and trends that you are seeing in terms of uptick by your existing customers of recruiting analytics into that nature. And then the second piece of the question is cross selling of financials into HR and their customer buying behavior, are they looking to buy both product simultaneously or do you still see customers are -- are you seeing customers look to do HCM first then move to the cloud and then go with financials, are we hit that point yet in the cycle or customers who are looking to take decision on both fronts? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: I would segment the market into the medium size companies or the mid market versus the large Fortune 500 companies. The medium sized companies are probably more prone to buy things as a platform. They've got simpler businesses, for them having one solution covering all function areas from one vendor is easy. Large companies tend to do the projects separately. Weve seen some of the large companies do them together, but I think post the ERP wave people are more focused on doing one thing at a time and getting them successful. In terms of attach rate whether its part of the initial sale or a follow-on sale recruiting has done extremely well. Recruiting and payroll are our strongest products in terms of add-ons to HR. We had a very good quarter in the fourth quarter for our analytics. We signed up 12 new analytics, 12 new customers for analytics, far and away our best quarter and our view is that, thats because of the announcement of the inside applications. Previous to that the Big Data platform was really a set of tools but our customers were really looking for applications. With the emergence of the Insight application they see real value from those solutions that they can use in the same way that they use the Workday apps for HR and Finance. And so I would expect the trend on the analytics side to continue to improve and gain momentum. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian White with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Brian White : Yes, Aneel, I wonder maybe if you could set the stage for fiscal 2016 in terms of what Workday plans to accomplish in overseas markets and how do we think about the growth overseas relative to the companies total revenue guidance of up 42% to 45%. 
Aneel Bhusri: I will leave the second part for Mark. Our strategy as we go into new market is very simple. We will land four or five accounts. We will get them successful, meaning we will get them live, we will get them very reference full and happy and then they help us open up the rest of the market. Its the way we opened up the UK. Its the way that we are opening up -- the way we opened up the Netherlands, its the way we are opening France, and France is Lafarge and Sanofi. And its the same way we will open up Germany. So its critical for us to land those handfuls of accounts and very importantly get them into production quickly and happy because a happy customer is your best sales advocate. So thats what we are doing both in Germany and Japan. And on the growth rates?
Mark Peek: Yes, on the growth rates its relatively straightforward. Weve established quotas for each of the geographies and each of the -- to the extent that we have verticals in E&G and in financials the core HCM product is still the lions share of the overall quota in North America. However, the growth rate is slower there just because of the product has been out there longer and its a much larger number and so the growth rates in Europe and in APAC will be stronger but it wont necessarily be reflected in revenue for some period of time until it builds. 
Aneel Bhusri: Id say the other dynamic thats happening is that the partners, especially our large global partners are embracing us around the globe, much more so than several years ago. So as we go into a new market like Germany whether its our big partners like Accenture, Deloitte, IBM and Hewitt, PwC, KPMG, they dont need convincing that Workday is going to be successful in that market. They are ready to make the investment and ramp their skills in that market. And thats also a key enabler for future growth. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line Steve Ashley with Robert Baird. Steve, your line is open; please proceed with your question.
Steve Ashley: Well, thank you so much. I would just like to ask on the core HCM product, how much mobile usage are you seeing from customers, as in, if you were to take a given cohort, does the amount of mobile usage from a customer change over time? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: I think its really customer by customer and it really depends on the IT elasticity of rolling out mobile capabilities. We have customers; Mike Stankey mentioned that the MGM has 80% mobile in their use of Workday. So we have people ranging that high and then there are other customers where they have been frankly slow to roll out mobile independent of Workday, and so it really is based on, based on that I can tell you within Workday I personally do almost everything off the iPad and the iPhone. I probably get on the desktop two or three times a month and I think thats what we aim for, that for most of the work you need to do you can do it on the mobile devices. Our big -- the biggest improvement over the last few updates has been the push in on mobile expenses. We really can do everything you need to do for expenses on your phone, whether its an Android or an iPhone and that was high in the list and that we are seeing once again growing traction of expenses product.
Operator: Certainly, your next questions come from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore. 
Patrick Falfone: Hi, this is actually Patrick Falfone [ph] on for Kirk. Congratulations on a nice a fiscal year. You all talked about on some of your initial inside apps will be generally available and how are you all thinking about pricing that? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: So they are going to -- the first wave we are going to roll out during the rest of the year. They dont necessarily have to be tied to a specific update but they probably will be. So you will see them coming out with Workday 25 in more earnest. Weve got one right now in preview with customers which are our retention application and when its ready for release we will put it out there. Much like we priced our other add-on modules, the way we will prices these inside applications will be a percentage of HCM for the HCM apps, will be a percentage of the finance suite for finance apps. And you will get access to whatever inside apps is relevant to the underlying applications that youve already subscribed to. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Rob Breza for Sterne Agee.
Ryan McDonald: Hi, this is Ryan McDonald on for Rob Breza. First of all, can you discuss if you are seeing any changing dynamics in the competitive landscape and particularly with SAP as their integration of Concur is taking place?
Aneel Bhusri: I would say we really havent seen any real change. They are both very aggressive on price. I would say that if there is anything to pay attention to and Id encourage all of you are to dig in and see where these two companies have production references. We now have our first wave of companies that failed deploying one of the two legacy cloud applications and then came to Workday and thats a good -- thats a trend that bodes well for us. So it again its not just about selling applications, its getting customers live and weve seen some of their projects at the legacy vendors sale and those customers will come back to Workday. 
Ryan McDonald: Great and finally as you discussed the head count increases that you are expecting to make for fiscal 2016. Can you talk about what the primary areas you will be adding headcount to this year?
Mark Peek: Sure its on -- its largely when you look at the P&L its largely across the board. But the focus will be on market expansion and so in -- on a percentage basis, so in Europe, Asia Pacific and also in product development as we continue to focus on financials and inside apps and professional services automation and our other products. And so we are just continuing to grow and as I mentioned on the prepared remarks we expect to be to 5,000 people by the end of next year. 
Mike Haase: Okay, thanks everyone. We look forward to seeing you April 15th at our Analysts Day. 
Operator: Again we thank you for your participation in todays earnings call. You may now disconnection and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2014-11-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Haase - Investor Relations Aneel Bhusri - Chief Executive Officer Mark Peek - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Jennifer Lowe - Morgan Stanley Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Brent Thill - UBS Walter Pritchard - Citi Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald Matt Williams - Evercore Scott Berg - Northland Capital
Operator: Welcome to Workdays Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand it over to Mike Haase.
Mike Haase - Investor Relations: Welcome to Workdays third quarter fiscal 2015 earnings conference call. On the call we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO and Mark Peek, our CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures, which are used as measures of Workdays performance, should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. Our non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of share-based compensation, employer payroll taxes on employee stock transactions, debt discount and issuance costs associated with our convertible notes and for fiscal 2015, also exclude amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. Also, the Customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated at the beginning of each month. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Our fourth quarter quiet period begins at the close of business January 16, 2015. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2014. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mike. Earlier this month, we hosted Workday Rising, our eighth annual customer conference. Event attendance reached a record high with more than 4,500 customers, prospects, partners, media, industry analysts and employees joining us from San Francisco. I will take a moment to share some of the highlights here. Each day at Workday Rising we announce results of our customer satisfaction survey. Our company goal is to always have at least 95% customer satisfaction rate. We are very pleased to announce that for the third year in a row Workday achieved a 97% customer satisfaction rate. When we started Workday in 2005, it was the promise to bring customer focus back to the business of enterprise applications. We are honored and humbled to maintain these levels of satisfaction not generally associated with enterprise software. We also introduced a new suite of applications called Workday Insight Applications. We believe these applications leapfrog current analytics by combining Workday data and third-party data and not just offering predictions, but actually recommending how business leaders should take action. Workday Insight Applications will harness advanced data science and machine learning algorithms to equip customers to make business-critical, financial and workforce decisions. We plan to deliver initial Workday Insight Applications in calendar year 2015 and additional details on availability and pricing will be disclosed at a later date. I believe these applications will market new era of analytics that will provide our users with a true competitive edge. Focusing in on the third quarter, Id like to discuss two areas of momentum before turning it over to Mark, continued customer demand among large organizations in Europe and very positive success amongst our financial management customers. First, Unilever co-headquartered in London and Rotterdam joined us in the quarter as a new Workday Human Capital Management customer. Unilever has more than 174,000 employees across more than 90 countries. Unilever joins our growing European customer community, including Rolls-Royce, Sanofi, Philips, Piaggio and many others. We also continue to make big strides with Workday Financial Management and in September we announced that we have passed the 100 customer milestone. In the quarter, we welcome new customers across range of industries, including technology services, business services and higher education. As we have said before, customers selecting Workday is only the first step, a real measure of success as happy live customers. And as of today, almost half of our financial management customers are live. As we shared at Workday Rising, the City of Orlando is now live with financial management, human capital management and shelter insurance provider of home, life, auto and business insurance to customers in 17 states also recently went live with Workday Financial Management. We continued to be excited about the prospects for our financial applications as we head into 2015 with good momentum. And now back over to you Mark.
Mark Peek - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Aneel and good afternoon everyone. We are pleased with our strong third quarter which generated record quarterly revenues and trailing 12 months operating cash flows. Operationally we continued to execute well. We continue to focus on customer satisfaction and believe once we sign and deploy a customer, we keep that customer. Although still a small part of our volume, our customer renewal rates were strong. For the second consecutive quarter total ACV on quarterly renewals exceeded $10 million. As Aneel mentioned Workday Rising was a big success with more than 4,500 attendees, including more than 2,400 customer attendees and over 500 attendees from 200 different prospective customers. Our balance sheet remains strong with more than $1.8 billion of cash and marketable securities and over $500 million of unearned revenue. Trailing four quarter operating cash flows were positive for the 8th consecutive reporting period. We are pleased with our accomplishments and I want to thank our employees, our partners and our customers. I will now walk you through the financial details of the third quarter. Total revenues for the third quarter were $215.1 million, an increase of 68% from a year ago. As the vast majority of our sales are currently in U.S. dollars, the impact of exchange rates is minimal. Subscription revenues for our cloud applications were $164.4 million, up 75% from last year. The weighted average duration of new contracts signed in our third quarter was approximately 3.4 years. Professional services revenue was $50.7 million, an increase of 49% compared to last year. Job one continues to be the successful deployment of our cloud applications, whether by our ecosystem partners or us. Professional services revenue was driven by a record number of customers that either went live in Q3 or are scheduled to go live in Q4. We expect approximately 75 customers to go live during the fourth quarter. Professional services revenue and margins can be a bit lumpy particularly with education and government customers. Total unearned revenue at quarter end was $508 million, up 6% sequentially and 44% from a year ago. Over 90% of our unearned revenue was from subscription fees. Short-term unearned revenue was $441 million, an increase of 8% sequentially and 58% from last year. Long-term unearned revenue was $67 million, down 8% both sequentially and from last year. During the third quarter, we collected just over one year of the total contract value being billed upfront at signings, in line with prior periods. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, the strength of our business model and continued momentum provides very good revenue visibility and we expect another solid quarter. Total revenues for the fourth quarter are expected to be within a range of $219 million to $222 million or growth of 54% to 56% as compared to the prior year. Subscription revenues are anticipated to be within a range of $176 million to $178 million reflecting year-over-year growth of 59% to 61%. As has been the historical seasonal trend, we expect professional services revenue to be down sequentially in the fourth quarter due to the lower utilization rates during Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years weeks especially since Christmas and New Years fall in the middle of the week. When we report our fourth quarter results, we expect to provide revenue and operating margin guidance for our fiscal year ending January 2016. However, as we are developing our operating plans for next year, we are building our investment and hiring models assuming no more than 40% revenue growth for fiscal 2016. With the expected derived billings or the sum of revenue plus the change in unearned revenue, we currently expect the total for the current fiscal year to be approximately $975 million to $980 million or a growth of 63% to 64% over fiscal 2014. For fiscal 2016, we anticipate generating approximately 40% of total billings in the first half of the year with the first quarter down sequentially from the fourth quarter of the current year and approximately flat to the most recent third quarter. Keep in mind that derived billings in Q1 of this current year were especially strong and benefited by approximately $15 million to $20 million from contracts that were anticipated to close later in the year. Lets spend a few minutes on operating expenses and our results of operations. Unless otherwise noted, all references to our expenses and operating results are on a non-GAAP basis. We had approximately 3,500 employees at the end of our third quarter. Remember that two-thirds of our total expenses are employee-related. Our third quarter gross margin was 69.5%, up 190 basis points from the second quarter. Subscription gross margin was 84.5% and includes the costs related to providing our cloud applications, compensation and related expenses for operation staff and data center networking and depreciation. The subscription gross margin improved by approximately 30 basis points sequentially due to increased revenue and the ongoing economics of our subscription models. We expect subscription revenue will increase as a percentage of total revenue over time, but that our gross margin will likely fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. Professional services gross margin increased by 830 basis points sequentially driven largely by higher utilization rates of our consultants and a concerted effort by our customers to go live before year end. We anticipate the professional services gross margin to decrease in the fourth quarter due to normal holiday season slowing. Our third quarter operating loss was $2.9 million or negative 1.4%. This was significantly better than we had anticipated and largely the result of the operating leverage received on increased revenue and the very strong professional services margins. Professional service margins also had a significant positive impact on our operating margins, but given expected seasonality this trend will reverse in the fourth quarter. Although long-term profitability and cash flow generation are important goals, we believe our focus today needs to be on market expansion, continued product innovation and growth. Product development expenses in the third quarter were $65.4 million, up 9% sequentially and up 56% from a year ago. We continue to invest in our product development for new solutions such as student, professional services automation as well as strengthening and extending our suite of HR, payroll, and in particular financial management applications. Sales and marketing expenses were $71.5 million, an increase of 1% sequentially and up 45% from last year. As mentioned last quarter, our Q2 sales and marketing expenses included increased marketing investments as well as variable compensation tied to several large transactions in the quarter. For Q4, we expect sales and marketing expenses to increase sequentially. General and administrative expenses were $15.5 million, up 6% from Q2 and up 50% year-over-year. The net loss per share was $0.03 on 184 million weighted average shares. The share count includes 6.9 million weighted average shares from our January follow-on offerings. Given our net loss, all outstanding stock options, warrants and common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive and not included in the loss per share calculation. Taking into account, our adjustments to GAAP operating income Mike referenced at the start of the call, we currently expect our fiscal fourth quarter non-GAAP operating margin to be within a range of negative 3% to negative 5% of total revenue and for the year to be approximately negative 7%. The GAAP operating margin for the fiscal fourth quarter and the full year 2015 is expected to be approximately 21 to 23 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP operating margin. Other expenses increased to just under $2 million. The sequential change was largely driven by the revaluation of foreign currency balances. For your modeling, our quarterly non-GAAP interest expense from our convertible notes is approximately $1.6 million. From a GAAP perspective, the Q4 interest expense, including $6.2 million of non-cash amortizations reflecting the discount in issuance cost is expected to be approximately $7.8 million. The interest payments on the notes are made during our fiscal second and fourth quarters. Now, on to our balance sheet and statements of cash flows. Cash and marketable securities at quarter end were over $1.8 billion, up $12 million sequentially. Operating cash flows were $41 million in the third quarter and $89 million for the trailing 12 months. Free cash flows for the third quarter were $13 million and for the trailing 12 months a negative $5 million. We expect to invest approximately $100 million to $110 million in CapEx during fiscal 2015. As mentioned before, we acquired a leasehold interest in land in Pleasanton adjacent to our existing office space. We are actively evaluating our alternatives for this site, but potential development costs are not yet factored into our CapEx guidance. To summarize, we are very pleased with our solid third quarter. Looking ahead we are investing for the long-term and see a very large opportunity in front of us. You should expect us to continue making significant investments in our product development and global market expansion to maximize our long-term growth opportunities. With that, lets begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini-Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you so much for taking the question. Mark, I was wondering if you could share with us a little on long-term deferred trends, your short-term seems pretty typical, but long-term deferreds had a sequential down tick. And I know that you guys arent incenting the sales force the way you did in the past to get those deals, but is there anything in particular you could call out related to that? And then I just had one quick follow-up. Thank you.
Mark Peek: Yes. Thanks Heather. We expect really long-term deferreds to stay relatively stable over time. We continued to target getting one year of ACV build when we close a contract. And we  and other than that whats coming into long-term deferreds are any backlog that would have multiple years of billing and those are relatively unusual. And so we just expect it to be relatively flat and you shouldnt take too much into trends one way or the other quarter to quarter.
Heather Bellini-Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. And then the follow-up would just be related to the opportunity in Europe and I know Aneel you mentioned some European customer success stories when the call started. I was just wondering, how do you think you are positioned from a resource perspective and for us to  how are you adding resources in the region so we can really start to see that business ramp the same way its been doing in the states?
Aneel Bhusri: So, we had a series of big wins and the way our strategy has been really from day one as we go into new market like the UK, establish ourselves, get a handful of successful customers and they really help us recruit the next wave of customers. So where we are today is we have done that in the UK. We have done that in France. We have done that in the Netherlands. Feel very good about all of those markets. We have a great leader Chano Fernandez. He has built out a very strong management team. And now we are going to begin to move into the other large economies in Europe and I would just say stay tuned on that. So we are seeing the same patterns that we did in the U.S. And in terms of adoption its been slower to get going in Europe and now that is going. You see one big company after another looking at a true cloud solution as a right path for them.
Heather Bellini-Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Lowe with Morgan Stanley.
Jennifer Lowe-Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you. Maybe just to follow-up on the last point there around traction in Europe. I know that payroll solutions in Europe are kind of on the roadmap, is that something that comes up at all in conversations in Europe regarding customers intentions around adoptions?
Aneel Bhusri: It definitely does, we do also have a strong global payroll network. We integrate into payroll solutions from local providers and large companies like ADP. But it definitely still comes up. We have got UK payroll and French payroll on the horizon. UK payroll is tracking nicely and French is just behind that. I think in those two markets it will open up the market for those companies that in many cases had bought a client server solution that was HR payroll combined. And if they wanted the payroll solution from a different vendor we probably couldnt address that opportunity beforehand and now we can. And especially within the case of UK payroll, its now close enough in terms of timetable that customers can actually count on it being there and we can actually  we can give them a roadmap about when they go live.
Jennifer Lowe-Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And just one more for me, Mark, you had mentioned in the prepared remarks that currency really didnt have an impact on the quarter? But I just wanted to clarify that a little bit with given that there are some timing differences and the impact around revenue versus what we might see in deferred revenue and billings? Was there also no impact on the billings number from currency or was there potentially a bit more of an impact there just given that the timing of when you report?
Mark Peek: Yes. Jennifer, to-date we have been primarily billing in U.S. dollars and having our contracts in U.S. dollars in Europe as well, so no real impact, but more news on that as we evolve. We are seeing more and more demand for local currency contracts, but at this stage, it doesnt have an impact on revenue or billings.
Jennifer Lowe-Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow-Barclays: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Aneel, just a quick one for me, so if I look at the Unilever win you announced that seems like if I look to my work, it seems like a PeopleSoft conversion. Can you talk a little bit about not on a vendor specific, I know you dont like it, but just more like the people that are switching kind of whats, where kind of roughly whats the kind of motivation to kind of do that and what are the pain points they are talking about that you can solve that our guys cant solve at the moment? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: So, in the realm of large global enterprises, today we are really the only vendor that has taken those companies live with a unified solution that includes HR, talent management, benefits all the like in one unified solution and taken them actually live and put them into the production whether its an HP or a Flextronics. And I think those data points are a starting point for why those large companies have chosen us. In almost all cases, they are facing an upgrade of our legacy system and you know the math on that. The legacy systems are so expensive to upgrade. They look at different alternatives. And so at that point, we really intersect the deal and its really the same  its really the same playbook we have had since we started the company. And in this case, Unilever, the CIO, Jane Moran came from Thomson Reuters, they had a successful project with Workday and so she had the conference that we would deliver on their solution. And so we had a combination of the HR and IT folks very excited about what we are doing.
Raimo Lenschow-Barclays: Thank you. Well done.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill-UBS: Hey, Mark on the revenue guidance for next year of no more than 40%, I think there is some trying to understand how you could go from low 70s kind of mid 60s and then fall off that quickly. So, I am just curious is there other than you being conservative, is there something else that you are seeing that we should be thinking about or is this just too early, its an initial view?
Mark Peek: Well, I think the important thing to keep in mind is that we wanted to provide you with where our planning horizon is as we are looking at making our investments a year ago. We did the same thing and we suggested that we are planning on no more than 50% growth. Now, I am not suggesting that you extrapolate that trend, but we just think its prudent until we have the opportunity to complete our planning process. The fourth quarter is seasonally strong. We will have a better look as to demand and trends after the fourth quarter completes and what our fiscal 16 pipeline looks like and then we will provide you more information when we report fourth quarter results.
Brent Thill-UBS: Okay. And for Aneel, you mentioned you are making really good progress on the financial customers, I think this is probably one of the areas that we all get the most questions on. And I am curious if you could give us a sense of the shape of those customers that are coming live, you mentioned half are live. Are you starting to see larger ones start to come live and give you more confidence that you can start scaling up in some of those new deployments?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. We are now very comfortable with a 10,000 to 15,000 person organization going live on financials and the associated volumes. And our pipeline now has companies north of that size 20,000 employees and higher. When they decide to sign-up its hard to predict like any new product line its lumpy. But all the trend lines are in the right direction and I am really proud of our development team in terms of what they are bringing out so quickly. I think these inside applications are going to be transformational for financials going into next year. If you think about a historical financial system it was really an accounting system that you had it somehow hijacked a system to create management reports and insight. In the case of Workday, these applications really are built around insight and intelligence which if you sit down with the CFO thats what they are looking for. They can get the accounting done. So I think as we move deeper and deeper into analytics its going to cause more and more replacement cycles to begin. And its really that its a really powerful message for a CFO that can already get accounting done and wants to be a better business partner to the business.
Brent Thill-UBS: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter Pritchard-Citi: Hi, can you hear me.
Aneel Bhusri: Yes.
Walter Pritchard-Citi: Sorry about that. Just following the Brents question I guess as you look at the pipeline for next year and I guess could you talk about sort of sales cycles and I mean are you just at a point this year, it would seem strange to kind of start talking about next year without having any kind of visibility and just trying to understand why you brought that up and as you look at the biggest swing factors there, I am assuming its whats in your pipeline. Could you talk a bit about kind of the type of visibility you have on deals that might end up being deals that close next year?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. Really the intent of talking about fiscal 16 now is I know that you all will have work to do and you will start to think about what do you do for fiscal 16 and what I am really trying to do is ask you to wait until after we provided the fourth quarter and we will give you a lot more color. We are in the middle of our planning process. As I said the fourth quarter has historically been the seasonally strongest quarter for us. With that said our linearity tends to be towards the back end of the quarter. So we will have a lot better sense as to where we are with the quarter and then that of course will play through for the rest of the year. But we are just giving you some guidance as to how we are thinking about fiscal 16 as we complete our planning process.
Walter Pritchard-Citi: And just on the product side, on the recruiting module could you talk about you have now had that on quarter out  I think for three to four quarters. Could you talk about what sort of uplift you are seeing from a deal perspective in terms of attaching that into  in the core HR and do you think there is still more work you have to do to get that into  to get to a point where you see more regular attach?
Aneel Bhusri: Its still a young product. Candidly, we have been surprised to the upside on how many attaches there have been already. I dont have the exact numbers in front of me this past quarter and we are not disclosing recruiting customers, but its on the same trend line its one of our two or three best attach products. And it only gets better as every update goes along. We saw  we are seeing customers go live on the second version of it and that is still a young product. I mean as compared to systems like Taleo that have 30 versions into it. So again I am surprisingly surprised to the upside on where the product is and the attach rate and I think we are going to see a very strong year next year on the recruiting side.
Walter Pritchard-Citi: Great. Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: I would just  I would also add we really are not targeted going back into the install base as much as its been part of the new sales cycle. I think going forward that will be as we believe the product is more ready to take out in particular the Taleo installments. We will begin to look at our install base as well of people that can move over to the Workday recruiting solution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank.
Karl Keirstead-Deutsche Bank: Thanks. My question is for Mark, your non-GAAP operating margin loss of 1.4% getting very close to being breakeven is it even on the table that Workday might post a breakeven and non-GAAP operating margins at some point in fiscal 16. I know you mentioned you are doing your planning, but maybe some comments would be helpful? Thank you.
Mark Peek: Yes. Karl, I think that its certainly possible that in any  use it in particularly in the back half of the year that will have a quarter that could go positive. Our focus frankly has been on continued growth while doing that efficiently and so we have been focused on operating cash flows particularly looking at on a trailing 12-month basis and we had another strong trailing 12 and its the eighth consecutive quarter of positive operating cash flows. And so we tend to focus more on the cash flows than we do on the non-GAAP operating margins. This quarter in particular we were positively impacted by a very strong professional services quarter with high utilizations and overall 20% margins, but we dont expect that trend to continue.
Karl Keirstead-Deutsche Bank: Got it. Good color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo.
Jason Maynard-Wells Fargo: Hey, good afternoon guys. I just had a couple of quick questions. First, Aneel, maybe talk a little bit about the CapEx plans in Europe and if there is anything on that front that you think you need to accelerate or continue to add now that you started to get some of the bigger flagship accounts? And then a follow-up maybe on  Mark, you could handle this one for next year, within that no more than 40%, I am just curious if there is any color you can share in terms of HR financials or maybe some of the new add-on analytical applications as to whats perhaps in that preliminary forecast? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: On the CapEx side, I am going to assume that largely means data centers. We have got our pair of data centers up and running in Europe. We have had that be the case for a while. We will continue to add servers to those two locations to meet the demand. So, thats really the primary CapEx expense. We are not looking at buying any real estate over in Europe. And I dont think there is anything else unless, Mark, I am missing something on CapEx, I just think its the data centers and we have got the two big investments done and so now its more just continuing to add to those locations.
Mark Peek: Yes. The only other driver behind CapEx for us is just our headcount growth and as it ties to facilities either in building out lease facilities and as we have said for a number of quarters now we have a land lease adjacent to our Pleasanton headquarters and we are evaluating whether to occupy  to build and occupy an office park there.
Jason Maynard-Wells Fargo: Yes. I was specifically referring to any additional locations, just to be more direct?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes. We are comfortable with the two data center locations that we have. So, in terms of new offices, stay tuned, but those are largely headcount driven.
Mark Peek: And then Jason, with respect to thinking about fiscal 16 again its early for us, but we are looking at each of the products and each of the geographies clearly from a growth rate perspective with financials. I am just crossing the 100 customer threshold. Its newer from a momentum perspective, but we are focusing very, very clearly on financials, on HR as well as the attach of payroll and recruiting and Insight Applications and then taking a pass at it geographically as well. And at the same time, as we talk to you about fiscal 16 we will likely spend more time on other renewal cycles.
Jason Maynard-Wells Fargo: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital.
Ross MacMillan-RBC Capital: Thanks a lot. Mark, I just was curious you talked about ACV and renewals again being over $10 million, I think that was about the same number you provided last quarter. And I guess I had two questions on that. One, should we expect that to actually increase going forward and maybe specifically was it an increase sequentially but just over $10 million? And then second, as we think about that, whats the implication for the financial model as your base of renewing ACV grows in the mix? Thanks.
Mark Peek: Yes. Well, certainly, renewals is going to be a more and more important part of our model. When we have a new customer, those tend to be at least 3-year contracts and so we arent looking at the renewal for some period of time. And so as you go backward in time you can  you will be able to see just based on historic billings that our renewals will be a more significant part of the model. And we also assume that we are not going to have a lot of turnover a lot of turn with our customers once we retain them because of the high level of customer satisfaction. And so it becomes an important part of the model, particularly from a cash flow generation and profitability perspective because we are not re-creating that initial sale and all costs that goes into the initial sale. And for customers they dont have the deployment costs to consider.
Ross MacMillan-RBC Capital: May be just one follow-up. Thank you. Aneel, just curious any changes in the competitive landscape as you especially as you move into some of these larger core HCM customers? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: The main competitors are fiercely competitive, nothing has really changed. Lets say from time to time now I mean they have offered free software for the last several years. So I am not sure what more they can do every now and then we will see someone offer free professional services, I am trying to figure how thats a good business for them. But at the end of the day, you are getting what you pay for, but I would say its pretty much the same. The bigger deals, the larger trends  as we moved up market in HR they are just work more complex organizations longer sales cycles and thats not any different for Workday than it was for PeopleSoft. As the deals got bigger, the sale cycles got longer too.
Ross MacMillan-RBC Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian White with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Brian White-Cantor Fitzgerald: Yes. Aneel I am wondering if you could give us some initial feedback on the Worday student recruiting and also how big is this opportunity, it seems like there is a lot of higher education institutions in the U.S. it seems big. And then on Insight Applications I just want to be clear, is this an incremental growth driver or is it just an strength in the ecosystem that Workday already has? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: So I will tackle the first one. Actually let me tackle the higher ed one quickly, thats really more in the bailiwick of my Co-Founder, Dave, he is personally driving the higher education market. Student recruiting is off and running and we now have a customer live on it. In terms of the size of the opportunity thats probably better for a follow-up call and he can gets you more details. But you can measure it in the U.S. in thousands of universities 2,000 to 3,000 universities that are good targets. Its typically an underserved market and its a market that is a well known to us from our past company. The reason why its so interesting is that with the student system, when you take down a student system it also brings the HR and finance solution along with it. So many ways you should look at it as the first step of the Workday moving into more of an industry orientation with higher education being that first push. But its a sizable opportunity. I think that the piece to recognize is every time we sell a student system or student recruiting is likely tied to a full suite of HR and financials as well. On the Insight Applications, we are still working on the pricing element, but it will definitely be an incremental spend for our customers largely because it would require them to subscribe to the big data platform and these apps are all built on top of that big data platform. What we learned from the big data platform we introduced a year ago was while the customers like the tool they really wanted applications and these applications really fit what customers are trying to solve with big data but rather than asking them to find the needles in the haystack, these machine algorithms are actually finding the needles for them and then letting them decide what to do with that. So its incremental. We still havent figured out exactly how we will price it but it will definitely be tied to the big data platform.
Brian White-Cantor Fitzgerald: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore.
Matt Williams-Evercore: Hi, guys. Its Matt Williams in for Kirk. Just one from us, Aneel I was wondering if you could discuss the thought process around the Insight Applications and how you plan to roll that out in calendar 15. I guess specifically the apps primarily aimed at existing HCM or financials customers or is this a situation where the apps actually potentially bring in new customers to work there?
Aneel Bhusri: Well, so we will only sell the apps to people that have either subscribed to Human Capital Management or financial applications. We wont sell them standalone. I am not sure if that was part of your question, but we wont sell them standalone, but I believe it is a  it will be a big driver for new sales. And simply put, I think that the cloud has been a transformational platform, but in many ways what you can do with the data is really the next leap forward. I mean, at the end of the day, companies are getting better and better at automating their transaction and processes. These Insight Applications really truly make them run their  or help them run their businesses better. And I think if you look forward 5 years from now, vendors that are in a similar space like Workday will lead with the analytics and lead with these decision-making platforms and the transactional platforms will just be assumed to be there. So, when we sit down with an executive  I sat down with a CEO of a large company and he was looking to understand what is a good career path for an entry level person, how best to address turnover? In the old days, we would have said here is a set of tools and you can slice and dice the data any way you would like and figure it out. Now, we can actually tell them with 70% confidence, this career path will lead to a successful employee down the road, this one wont. We can tell you with  I mean, the confidence levels move around based on the data itself, but we can give them not just ideas of turnover issues, but actually recommendations on how they might solve it. So, I mean, from our perspective this is the future of enterprise computing and so we are going to start leading with it pretty strongly going into next year.
Matt Williams-Evercore: Thats great. And maybe just one quick follow-up again on the product side, but I was just wondering if you could discuss the importance of the composite reporting feature in this version of financials, was that something or was that a feature that customers were sort of waiting on in terms of when they might go live and come on board with Workday?
Aneel Bhusri: Huge, it was a huge feature for us. And in many ways, it necessarily wasnt something that they were waiting for  several were waiting for to go live, many others just looked at as there is huge time savings. We had several customers tell us it took them two weeks to pull together all the data and then write reports for them and now they can do it in a matter of minutes since we can construct these reports from myriad of data sources and make it very, very simple for them to construct these reports that never usually come from one data source. So, it was probably the biggest thing on financials over the last 12 months. In terms of customer satisfaction, there has been composite reporting.
Matt Williams-Evercore: Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Aneel Bhusri: Operator, we are going to take two more questions please.
Operator: Certainly. Your next question comes from the line of Scott Berg with Northland Capital.
Scott Berg-Northland Capital: Hi, Aneel and Mark. Congratulations on a good quarter. One question for me really quick is around your hiring plans year-to-date for fiscal 15 here, you continue to get better at leveraging your operating lines on all three of them versus I think initial models earlier this year. Are you on pace or behind pace or ahead of pace on where you think those hiring expectations are for the year? And then do we get any catch up or I guess foot off the pedal type of movement in Q4 if ahead?
Mark Peek: Yes. Scott, we are hiring at about the pace that we had anticipated. We are in a very competitive market for talent, but we are also a very attractive place to work as acknowledged by our employees with the success we have had in the best places to work surveys. And so we continue to invest in people. Again, when we talk about fiscal 16 we will give you some more insight into our headcount plans into the future.
Scott Berg-Northland Capital: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from John DiFucci with Jefferies [sic] [JPMorgan].
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. This is [indiscernible] from John DiFucci. Can you update us on the partnership with large system integrators, not just on the implementation work, but in terms of partnering with them to drive new business? Have you seen any change in terms of how much of your business is driven by large system integrators and how do you manage any potential channel conflict with them in regards to their existing Oracle and SAP relationship? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: We have only seen positive changes with the large systems integrators. We have got strong partnerships with Deloitte and Accenture and IBM and increasingly PWC and KPMG and Towers  sorry, Towers Watson and then Aon Hewitt. So we have got a pretty large set of large systems integrators and we will have to talk to them. But I think all their practices are doing well. The ones that have been around longer are doing better, if there is any notable recently Accenture really stepped up their investment and brought in the leadership team that had to scale their sales force practice, they brought that to the Workday practice so that to me that is a positive sign. In terms of channel conflict we really dont get into the realm of choosing partners for our customers. The customers really need to make the decisions themselves. We basically just make sure that its a level playing field and people are doing right by the customers. Thats really our focus. So I dont know if that answers your question. In terms of how they compete with their internal practices thats really we dont have a ton of visibility into that. What we ask them to do is to have a dedicated Workday practice with dedicated Workday leadership. And all of the organizations I have mentioned have those and then its just about  its just a matter of demand where are they getting the most demand and they will put their heads where they get the demand and fortunately for us they are getting a lot of demand for Workday.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then one last question, can you just update us on whats driving the higher ACV renewals, is it simply more seats or are you able to add new products when they are renewing?
Mark Peek: For the most part again the renewals cycle is just  is really just starting for us and so we dont have a great historical data but its both. I mean its clearly its a combination of we do have some pricing built in to the contracts and into the negotiations as we renew the companies add seats or add the number of people covered by the contract. And then it hasnt really been an active pursuit at this stage of engaging in selling additional products at the renewal cycle because we keep the engagement with our customers really throughout their lifecycle. So it hasnt actively been adding new SKUs at that stage.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Aneel Bhusri: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in todays earnings call. You may now disconnect. And have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2014-08-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Haase  Investor Relations Aneel Bhusri  Chief Executive Officer Mark Peek  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jennifer Swanson Lowe  Morgan Stanley Heather A. Bellini  Goldman Sachs & Co. Karl Keirstead  Deutsche Bank Walter H. Pritchard  Citi Brian J. Schwartz  Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Brent Thill  UBS Brendan Barnicle  Pacific Crest Steven M. Ashley  Robert W. Baird & Co Justin Furby  William Blair & Company, L.L.C. Shannon S. Cross  Cross Research LLC Derrick Wood  Susquehanna Financial Group 
Operator: Welcome to Workdays Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand it over to Mike Haase.
Michael Haase: Welcome to Workdays second quarter fiscal 2015 earnings conference call. On the call we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; and Mark Peek, our CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors and documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures, which are used as measures of Workdays performance, should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP results. Our non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of share-based compensation, employer payroll taxes on employee stock transactions, non-cash interest expense associated with our convertible note and for fiscal 2014, also exclude amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. Also, the Customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated at the beginning of each month. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our Company website under the Investor Relations link. Our third quarter quiet period begins at the close of business October 17, 2014. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2014. Lastly, before I hand it off to Aneel, Workday Rising is coming up in early November and falls within our quiet period. So we are not able to host the investment community at Rising this year and we expect to hold our Analyst Day during the spring of 2015. We will provide more specific details as we get closer to the date. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thank you, Mike, and hello everyone on the call. Thank you for joining us. Im happy to say that we had another great quarter across the board. In the second quarter, our customer count for Human Capital Management far surpasses 700 mark and were closing in on 100 customers for our Financial Management application. Due to the increasing size of our business and the diverse mix of very large to medium-sized customers, we decided that we will no longer share specific customer counts on a quarterly basis. Going forward, we will share new customer counts only as we reach significant milestones. So when we reach 100 financial customers, for example, we will let you know. While our new customers come from a wide range of industries, we have recently seen particularly strong adoption from financial services. In June, we announced that Unum, a Fortune 500 company and leading provider of financial protection benefits throughout the workplace selected Workday for both HR and finance. In the second quarter, we welcomed two more extremely notable Fortune 500 financial services companies. The one we can mention is Bank of America, one of the nations leading financial institutions and our new largest customer to date. We also had a particularly strong quarter in Europe, adding several global customers who will be able to discuss in the upcoming months. Despite the rumors out there, I feel its worth clarifying that McDonalds is not our customer. We would be extremely honored to have them though and if they do join Workday, we will serve Happy Meals at our next Analyst Day. Mark assures me that we have enough cash to cover this. Now Id like to transition from new customers to live customers, because the real measure of success is the value those customers get from Workday when they use it to transform their businesses. As of the end of the second quarter, more than two-thirds of our total customer base was live and all of them are using the same version, Workday 23. Thank you to the Workday team, including our excellent partners for remaining so incredibly focused on customer success. Were also seeing some really positive growth in our services ecosystem. On our last call, I showed that HP went live as our largest customer in production. Since then in Q2, HP announced enterprise application services for Workday. HP will leverage its expertise from cloud, mobile, analytics and big data combined with the hands on experience it gained from rolling out Workday internally to offer deployment services to new Workday customers. Another Workday customer, CSC, a global leader in IT services and solutions with more than 70,000 employees, recently announced it will establish Workday deployment practice. We believe strongly in doing business with our customers and we thank HP and CSC for their continued investments in our partnership. To support our increasing customer demand in Europe, we continue to grow our local employee base. In June, we announced plans to create 200 new positions in Ireland over the next three years. Over the summer, Ive spent time with our employees and customers in our Dublin, London and Paris offices and I was proud to experience firsthand the consistency in our unique employee culture and laser customer focus. Before I end, Id like to extend a warm welcome to a very new and special member of the Workday team, former IBM executive Randy Hendricks has joined us as President of our Education and Government business. Reporting directly to Dave, Randy will be responsible for sales, services and strategy of our HR, finance, and student applications for our Education and Government customers. And now, over to you, Mark.
Mark Peek: Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon, everyone. We closed the first half of fiscal 2015 with a very successful quarter generating record quarterly revenues and trailing 12-month operating cash flows. Operationally, we continue to execute well. Although still a small part of our volume, our customer renewal rates were once again very strong. Total ACV on Q2 renewals exceeded $10 million for the first time. We continue to focus on customer satisfaction and believe once we sign and deploy a customer we keep that customer. We also increased the investments in our data centers, new product initiatives and expansion of our office facilities to accommodate growth. Our balance sheet remains strong with more than $1.8 billion of cash and marketable securities over $480 million of unearned revenue and our trailing 12 months operating cash flows continue to be positive. We are pleased with our accomplishments. We want to thank our employees, our partners and our customers. Ill now walk you through the financial details of the second quarter. Derived billings for the quarter were once again very strong and exceeded our expectations. This was largely driven by several large contracts that closed during the quarter. Looking forward, we expect total derived billings for the third quarter to be approximately $225 million to $230 million. For the year, we anticipate derived billings to be approximately $940 million to $960 million. Total revenues for the second quarter were $186.8 million, an increase of 74% from a year ago. As the vast majority of our sales are currently in US dollars, the impact of exchange rates is minimal. Subscription revenues for our cloud applications were $143.7 million, up 77% from last year. The overachievement in Q2 billings provided modest upside to subscription revenues. The weighted average duration of new contracts signed in our second quarter was approximately 3.3 years. This was down sequentially due to fewer deals with extended contract terms as compared to the prior quarter. Professional services revenue was $43.1 million, an increase of 63% compared to last year. Job one in professional services continues to be the successful deployment of our cloud applications, whether by our ecosystem partners or us. Professional services revenue and margins can be a bit lumpy, particularly with education and government customers. Revenue from large E&G deployments can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter depending on customer specific terms. We found professional services to be the biggest variable in forecasting our quarterly gross and operating margins. However, we are comfortable with the fact that professional services are a critical, enabling force of our core cloud application business. Total unearned revenue at quarter end was $481 million, up 4% sequentially and 48% from a year ago. Over 90% of our unearned revenue is from subscription fees. Short-term unearned revenue was $409 million, an increase of 5% sequentially and 65% from last year. Long-term unearned revenue was $72 million, down 2% sequentially and down 7% from last year. During the second quarter, we continued to average about one year of the total contract value being billed upfront at signing. Looking ahead to the third quarter of fiscal 2015, the strength of our business model and continued momentum provides very good revenue visibility and we expect a solid quarter. Total revenues for the third quarter are expected to be within the range of $200 million to $205 million, or growth of 56% to 60% as compared to the prior year. Subscription revenue is anticipated to be within a range of $155 million to $160 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 65% to 70%. For the year, we anticipate total revenue of approximately $760 million to $770 million or growth of approximately 62% to 64%. Subscription revenue is anticipated to be within a range of $592 million and $602 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 67% to 70%. Lets spend a few minutes on operating expenses and our results of operations. Unless otherwise noted, all references to our expenses and operating results are on a non-GAAP basis, which are reconciled in the tables posted on our Investor Relations website. We had approximately 3,150 employees at the end of our second quarter and continue to anticipate adding more people in fiscal 2015 than we did in fiscal 2014. Remember that approximately two-thirds of our total expenses are employee related. Our second quarter gross margin was 67.6%, up nearly 150 basis points from the first quarter. Subscription gross margin was 84.2% and includes the costs related to providing our cloud applications, compensation and related expenses for operation staff and data center, networking and depreciation. The subscription gross margin improved by approximately 70 basis points sequentially due to increased revenue and the ongoing economics of our subscription model. We expect subscription revenue will increase as a percentage of total revenue over time, but that our gross margins will likely fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. The professional services gross margin was higher than expected, driven largely by higher utilization rates. Our second quarter operating loss was $19.1 million or a negative 10.2%. This was better than we had anticipated and largely a result of the operating leverage received on increased revenue. Although long-term profitability and cash flow generation are important goals, we believe our focus today needs to be on market expansion, continued product innovation and growth. Product development expense in the second quarter was $59.9 million, up 12% sequentially and up 60% from a year ago. We continue to invest in our product development for new solutions as well as strengthening and extending our suite of HR, payroll and in particular financial management applications. Sales and marketing expense was $70.9 million, up 16% sequentially and up 69% from last year, driven by our expanding marketing programs, increased headcount and increased variable compensation. General and administrative expense was $14.6 million, up 8% from Q1 and up 42% year-over-year. The net loss per share was $0.11 on 184 million weighted average shares. The share count includes 6.9 million weighted average shares from our January follow-on offering. Given our net loss, all outstanding stock options, warrants and common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive and not included in the loss per share calculation. Taking into account our adjustments to GAAP operating income that Mike referred to at the start of the call, we currently expect our fiscal third quarter non-GAAP operating margin to be within the range of a negative 6% to a negative 9% of total revenue and for the year to be a negative high single-digit percentage. The GAAP operating margins for the fiscal third quarter and the full year 2015 are expected to be approximately 21 to 23 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP operating margin. We will provide fiscal 2016 guidance during our fourth quarter earnings call. However, next quarter, in addition to the Q4 outlook, well provide some directional color for Q1 2016. Perhaps tempting to update fiscal 2016 models now, I caution you that we are in the midst of our planning cycle and we fully expect to keep the pedal down on investments and do not expect non-GAAP profitability in fiscal 2016. Other expenses were just under $1 million. For your modeling, our quarterly non-GAAP interest expense from our convertible notes is approximately $1.6 million. From a GAAP perspective, the Q3 interest expense, including $6.1 million of non-cash amortization, reflecting the discount in issuance cost is expected to be approximately $7.7 million. The interest payments on the notes are made during our fiscal second and fourth quarters. Now on to our balance sheet and statements of cash flows. Cash and marketable securities at quarter end were $1.8 billion, down $44 million sequentially. We increased our capital expenditures in the second quarter and also had a one-time payout of $18 million from the change in our U.S. PTO policy that we mentioned last quarter. Operating cash flows in the second quarter were negative $9 million and included the one-time PTO payout of $18 million. For the trailing 12 months operating cash flows were positive $55 million. Free cash flows for the second quarter were negative $37 million and for the trailing 12 months negative $28 million. We expect to invest approximately $100 million to $110 million in CapEx during fiscal 2015. As mentioned before we acquired a leasehold interest in land in Pleasanton adjacent to our existing office space. We are actively evaluating our alternatives for this site, the potential development cost are not yet factored into our CapEx guidance. To summarize, were very pleased with our solid second quarter. Looking ahead, we are investing for the long term and see a very large opportunity in front of us. You should expect us to continue making significant investments in our product developments and global market expansion to maximize our long-term growth opportunities. With that lets begin the Q&A process.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jennifer Lowe with Morgan Stanley.
Jennifer Swanson Lowe  Morgan Stanley:  Thank you. I want to talk a little bit about the ecosystem build out around implementations and partnerships on that front. Can you talk a little bit about what the trend has been in terms of capacity on trained people to help with the implementations for your partners? And then related to that given that youre closing in on the 100 signed customers mark for Financial  mark for your Financials business, when do you start  when do you expect to start seeing some of the Financials implementations move into the ecosystem?
Aneel Bhusri:  So, on the first question of the last I would say 24 months weve seen big investments from the large SIs, historically we had small boutique system integrators whove been terrific partners from really from day one, be the majority of the implementations. But last few years starting with Deloitte, followed by Accenture, then IBM, now Price Waterhouse, now HP, now CSC, we really have most of the key SIs building out fairly large practices in Workday. So were very pleased with the development in the general ecosystem. On the financial side, we now feel conformable weve got - as we near 100 customers weve got a significant number of them live that were ready to rollout services into the ecosystems. So youll see more and more of the financial management work done by our ecosystem partners. And they are all anxious to invest in that practice as well.
Jennifer Swanson Lowe  Morgan Stanley: Great. And then one last one for me. Any update on the recruiting product now that youre a little further along with that in terms of that being market?
Aneel Bhusri:  Its not really any change directionally from the last quarter, it continues to be a very attractive and positive, I guess, driver for HCM and also a pretty typical add-on these days. So with 23 we added quite a bit more functionality in recruiting, that will continue to be the case and as we add more over time it just makes it easier and easier to turn off some of the legacy recruiting systems.
Jennifer Swanson Lowe  Morgan Stanley: Okay thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather A. Bellini  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you so much for the question. Aneel I wanted to ask a little bit about the competitive environment and see if youve noticed anything different in particular on the HCM side of things whether its from Oracle or SAP. And then I had a follow-up.
Aneel Bhusri: Not really, I guess the only new thing over the last few months is that both of them are offering the ability to trade off maintenance on the legacy applications for some of their cloud offerings. But at the end of the day that still puts pressure on their cloud offerings being credible offerings. And I still dont see that being the case at least not right now. So they continue to be both very aggressive competitors in terms of pricing and that dynamic really has been the case for the better part of the last several years.
Heather A. Bellini  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great, and then the follow up would be when youre going in and making that HCM sale, can you give us a sense of how many add-on products you might be attaching now versus maybe six months or a year ago, what the attach rate would have looked like? Im trying to get a sense for how fast is it to up-sell and cross sell.
Aneel Bhusri: So you know on the HCM side, weve always  weve historically had good attach rates on payroll. I dont know if weve seen anything thats markedly different in the last period of time, the really big change since 12 months ago is the addition of recruiting. Almost everything else is part of the core HCM product. We try not to be a Company that nickels and dimes the customer so we try to make the purchase process straightforward and minimize the number of SKUs but recruiting is a fairly large SKU. So thats been the big uptick. And as we bring out new (indiscernible).
Heather A. Bellini  Goldman Sachs & Co.: And have you given us a sense  Im sorry, was going to ask if you could give us a sense of what the attach rate might look like for recruiting?
Aneel Bhusri: I dont think we have enough data at this point frankly within a couple of quarters to give you a good sense of that. I would just say its amongst the best weve seen across the history whether its expenses or procurement or payroll, I mean recruiting is right there at the top.
Heather A. Bellini  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank.
Karl Keirstead  Deutsche Bank: Hi thank you. Question for Mark. I was intrigued by your comment around the ACV on the 2Q renewals and I just wanted to ask you if you could help us understand how an uptick in the mix of bookings from renewals trickles into the P&L. It seems to me that it would lead to upon renewal dates deals potentially getting up sized. Maybe the profitability is a little bit better given the smaller sales attached to a renewal versus an initial booking. So just love to ask you about how a renewal uptick affects the P&L.
Mark Peek:  Yes, were still dealing with a relatively limited set of data. But of course as we continue on over time with our fundamental belief that customers - that the product is very sticky and the customers will be customers for the long-term, largely because of the innovation that weve put into the products and the care that we give our customers. It will become more meaningful. But today what I really wanted to do is to give you a sense that we now had $10 million of ACV on renewal. So its becoming more meaningful to the total. But for the most part, it is essentially just serial to the original contract and so its being added to deferred revenue and if its longer than a year, it will be in the backlog number and doesnt have a significant short-term effect on the P&L outside of a normal booking. From time to time at the renewal cycle, there will be recounts of employees in a given account so there may be small components of additional revenue, as well as the opportunity to up sell, but at this stage its really just renewing the initial contract.
Karl Keirstead  Deutsche Bank: Got it, okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard  Citi: Hi. Mark Im wondering if you can talk a little bit about the seasonality in your business. You were seeing it differ a little bit from last year and particularly characterized the impact of large deals on that seasonality, what were seeing this year and generally characterize how the large deal performance was in the quarter, was it a big large deal performance or normal?
Mark Peek: Yes, as Aneel mentioned in his comments, the Bank of America is a new customer and our largest customer to date, so certainly the overall quarter is impacted by such a great new customer, a great new win. For the most part as we look ahead into the second half of the year, certainly the visibility on existing billings is clear and fairly straightforward. And the pipeline is one in which we take a reasonable approach to it. I wouldnt call it a conservative approach to it. But the impact of large transactions is that the timing of closing them is always a bit uncertain as to which quarter that might happen, or if it will happen at all, and so we dont tend to completely bank on large deals, but they are certainly a big part of our overall mix. And frankly, its one of the reasons that we are going to move away from giving point data on the number of customers that we have, because our customers do range all the way from Bank of America to companies with a thousand people or so and so the raw number of actual customers we have becomes less meaningful.
Walter H. Pritchard  Citi: And then for Aneel on the financial side could you characterize either in terms of deal size or types of customers or verticals is there any change in complexity in that base as you move towards the 100 number of assigned customers?
Aneel Bhusri: No Id characterize where we are today is that weve gotten very good at selling to medium size companies. And if you look at our customer list, medium size meaning 3,000, 4,000, 5,000 to 10,000 employees. And where the next push is to go above that size. But very comfortable now with medium size companies and I wouldnt have said that 12 months ago. We were definitely dealing with smaller companies, but like Netflix going live and Lifetime Fitness with 18,000 employees being life across all of our products, were just gaining confidence and continuing to move up market. And increasingly we are seeing as the financial products get traction, the interest in customers in particular non-manufacturing customers to look at getting the whole suite together of HR and financial products in particular, say in our mid-market segment customers would tend to choose fewer rather than more vendors and weve seen a nice set of trends in that marketplace.
Walter H. Pritchard  Citi: Great, thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Brian Schwartz with Oppenheimer.
Brian J. Schwartz  Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.:  Yes. Hi, thank you and congratulations on the results here today. I had a follow-up question on the seasonality in the second half. Mark you had previously mentioned that typically about 60% of the years bookings come in the second half and Im just wondering if anything have changed with that previous linearity assessment?
Mark Peek:  Well, its somewhat remains to be seen as we talked about last quarter, we had some large transactions that were pulled in from the second quarter and the third quarter. And so the linearity content to move depending on the very large accounts, just because of the overall size up their employee basis tend to dwarf the sort of average billings per customer. So were not seeing, I would say meaningful change its still an enterprise sale the fourth quarter both for customers and for us tends to be seasonably the strongest, which is why it tends to be weighted mark towards a majority in the second half of the year.
Brian J. Schwartz  Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.:  Thank you. And then follow-up question for Aneel on the financials. Youve highlighted Bank of America here on the call as a new customer, Netflix as a live, enterprise customer last quarter. Is the medium size segment, is that still sort of the sweet spot here for financials, for the foreseeable future? And what do you feel is the right number of referenceable enterprise customers for financials needed, or product capabilities needed before the business moves up market and a greater fashion from a market awareness and branding perspective for financials? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri:  Well, so first of all, Bank of America was an HCM customer not a financial customer. The one we mentioned in the opening remarks was Unim, which is a very large insurance company that is using both our HR and financial products, so its just a clarification there. In terms of references I feel very comfortable with where we are. Reference wise our financial customers are generally happy they are as referencable as our HR customers. There are clearly still gaps that we are closing on an update-by-update basis for the financial products. Ive talked about it on I think really on every call since we went public. Its this journey on the path of both scalability and global capabilities that were on and every update scalability improved and every update we add more global functionality. Going into fiscal 2016 in January, were going to begin to sell our financial products outside the U.S. which will just give you some confidence as our view on the global capabilities. And on scale, we feel comfortable scaling to probably the Fortune 500 size customer maybe not a Fortune 100, so the smallest of the Fortune 500, which is up significantly from where we were a couple of years ago.
Brian J. Schwartz  Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.:  Thank you. And last question from me, and then Ill hop back in the queue. Some of your largest system integrators, partners here that weve spoken to over the last couple of weeks, they sound very excited right now, about the momentum of the number of new cloud computing business transformation initiatives that they are seeing in their pipelines. So I was wondering Aneel if you could share your own assessment on where you think central IT buyers are today towards adopting a next generation SaaS platform for productivity applications per se year ago, or year and half ago? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: I think in the world of HR, and the same with whole troupe in the world CRM, the market has flipped. Its hit a tipping point where, if companies are starting with a Greenfield, they are going to choose cloud versus on premise and for all of the people that are on premise they are increasingly switching to cloud. The functionality is there, the scalability is there, the functionality is now ahead of where the legacy systems sit. And added to that the systems integrators have all over the last couple years gotten much, much better not taking the legacy system out and putting in the cloud system and automating the old processes but actually using Workday or salesforce or any of these cloud solutions to transform the business, where you can look at HR and say were going to run it differently and leverage this cloud platform. I think thats where excitement comes from and a lot of it comes from our focus in HR and talent Management and our focus in finance around really around activity, true activity management and costing, where we can really give you the real metrics that run your business different than some of the legacy systems could. And I dont think that the industry was that focused on that transformation a few years ago.
Brian Schwartz  Oppenheimer:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill  UBS:  Aneel, look forward to that Happy Meal. Thanks for taking the question. Just with regards to the financial product, I think in the past youve mentioned that technically Europe you can scale now into the bottom and to the Fortune 500. Im just curious if theres any update as it relates to your ability to go into the mid or upper tier on the scalability or is that something to come from rising?
Aneel Bhusri:  Yes, I think this quarterly release is light on some product announcements and product capabilities because were saving them for rising and thats just a few months away. And as you know, we typically make our big product announcements around rising. On the scalability side, its a journey and every update we get better, we got better on 23. I think by the end of next year, fiscal year I just dont think that scalability issues will necessarily be ones that come up for us. I think well be past those. Its more about taking each individual process and making sure that we wire in this new processing model to make sure we can scale to the huge volumes, but its works that we are doing across the application and its gone well. The hard part was a year and a half ago when we had to design new ways of actually processing transactions for financials to make sure that they would scale.
Brent Thill  UBS: Okay and just to clarify on Banc of America on HR, is that a wall to wall HR transformative deal or is that just give us the scope of how far that reach.
Aneel Bhusri: Their plan is to rollout Workday for their HR solution globally for the 300,000 employees.
Brent Thill  UBS: Great thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest.
Brendan Barnicle  Pacific Crest: Thanks so much. Aneel on the call you talked about several different factors leading to some of the larger deals weve seen in the first half, scalability, functionality, cloud adoption. What do think is the biggest one or two factors have been that really lead to that scale and size weve seen so far this year?
Aneel Bhusri: I think it helps a lot that HP is now live. It set a new benchmark, Flextronics had been the previous benchmark, but HP set a new benchmark in terms of size company that can go live on Workday. So thats definitely with Bank of America now is HP theres not really any corporate entity out there that we see that we couldnt scale to meet their needs. I also think its the customer satisfaction where were running at north of 95% customer satisfaction as much as level our sales people are customers are best sales people and they talk with each other. And at this point our customers are happy and they are letting other customers know about what you can do with the Workday platform.
Brendan Barnicle  Pacific Crest: Great, and then just following-up last quarter on financials, you mentioned that about half of the customers were public sector half, are commercial, any change in that breakdown now after the additional customers this quarter?
Aneel Bhusri: I did not mention that specific breakdown, I dont actually think thats accurate. At some point well give them more accurate breakdown. The majority are commercial, but we have quite a few public sector customers and I would say there was no real change directionally in percentage in the last quarter.
Brendan Barnicle  Pacific Crest: Great thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian White with Cantor Fitzgerald. Brian your line is open. Mr. White if your line is on mute, please un-mute your line.
Aneel Bhusri: Operator lets go to the next one.
Operator: Certainly, your next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley  Robert W. Baird & Co: Thanks you very much. I just like to talk about the international business, you actually called it out and in your prepared remarks and in the press release. I know you just hired a new GM in Asia-Pac. My question is in terms of Management capability or needs, are there anything, any major positions or anything you need to fill out to help drive the international? And then secondly, in terms of datacenters and what youre currently doing in terms of building out a physical presence overseas and what your future plans might be around that? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri:  So we had a very strong quarter in Europe and in Australia. And as the customers give us the go-ahead, well share some of the names over the upcoming quarters. In Europe, its becoming a fairly, I wouldnt say mature, but its a really solid business now. We have a great leader in Chano Fernandez. Weve made some great hires across Europe. We have two datacenters in Europe. We have a big development and support presence in Dublin. So, Europe is up and running and is starting to show some of the same signs of adoption that weve seen in the U.S. Asia Pacific is earlier. Australia is the first place where we started to gain some consistent traction. Weve had some good wins in China. Weve got a presence in Japan that hopefully will pay dividends in the next six to nine months. The one place where we really havent made a move yet is Latin America and thats something that we think about and talk about, but we have not hired yet an executive to cover the Latin American geography. We feel very good about the other geographies.
Steven M. Ashley  Robert W. Baird & Co:  Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Furby with William Blair.
Justin Furby :  Hi, thanks very much. Aneel, I was wondering if you look at the pipeline for the next couple of quarters or even the next year, if you look at between recruiting financials, big data, could you sort of stack or impose. And then, I guess if you look out three to five years, whats your sort of latest (indiscernible) where you think financials as sort of a percentage of new business?
William Blair & Company, L.L.C.:  Hi, thanks very much. Aneel, I was wondering if you look at the pipeline for the next couple of quarters or even the next year, if you look at between recruiting financials, big data, could you sort of stack or impose. And then, I guess if you look out three to five years, whats your sort of latest (indiscernible) where you think financials as sort of a percentage of new business?
Aneel Bhusri:  In terms of the pipeline, honestly, I couldnt give you a very specific answer. I think all three are the growing pipeline. Id say that the small sum right now is big data. A lot of customers are waiting to see what happen, when we bring big data into the Workday datacenter. Theres a lot of interest in it and then Id like to see what happens when we bring it into the datacenter. Weve also got some really important product announcements coming in November around big data. With respect to financials and recruiting, theyre both exciting products. Financials is a sweet, recruiting is a module. Its an easy attach to HR. So its not really apples-to-apples comparison. We look out three to five years. I would hope that financials is on a new booking spaces on par with HR if not bigger. I would say probably closer to five years now just given the momentum in HR. From a revenue basis, given the subscription, analysis is going to take a long time for the financials to catch up. But on the new booking spaces, I would hope down the road the financials market is a much bigger market. Our history of PeopleSoft was that towards the tail end of the company financials was a bigger business for PeopleSoft and HR, but not by a lot.
Justin Furby : Okay, great. And then just one quick follow-up on the financials. It sounds like youre scaling nicely with the product. Im just curious if you look at whats the biggest push back from customers today? If its not scale, what are some of the areas of inertia that youre seeing in terms of new deals?
William Blair & Company, L.L.C.: Okay, great. And then just one quick follow-up on the financials. It sounds like youre scaling nicely with the product. Im just curious if you look at whats the biggest push back from customers today? If its not scale, what are some of the areas of inertia that youre seeing in terms of new deals?
Aneel Bhusri: I wouldnt say theres areas of push back or inertia. With the CFO, its a new buyer. Weve gotten the story and the message down in terms of selling to the CHRO. The good news is that the CIO in many cases is already up to speed on Workday. So theyre comfortable with the technology. But its showing a CFO whos typically a conservative buyer, a new way of running their financial systems, not just a new technology platform. And so, were getting better and better at selling to them and marketing to them. And there are industry capabilities that many of them are waiting for in order to be able to swap out of PeopleSoft recipe, Oracle. This past update we included average daily balance, which was an important feature for financial services. Were rolling our professional services automation. Weve made big investments in Education and Government, functionality like rents. So, all of those matter in terms of being able to turn off a legacy system. We have to have enough of a functional footprint to turn those off. And those are the kinds of the questions that come up.
Justin Furby : Okay. great. Thank, guys and congrats.
William Blair & Company, L.L.C.: Okay. great. Thank, guys and congrats.
Michael Haase: Operator, were going to take two more please.
Operator:  Certainly. Your next question comes from the line of Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon S. Cross  Cross Research LLC: Thank you very much for taking my question. I wanted to look into the international business a bit deeper. Can you talk about how those customers are trending relative to what you saw in the U.S., just in terms of verticals or are they sort of following the same trends in terms of adoption that you saw in the U.S.? And then I had a follow-up. Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Its very similar and the reason is that if you look at our success in the U.S., its largely driven by large multinationals. And whether youre a large multinational based in the U.S. or based in the UK or based in France, you largely have the same needs of information, the same needs around talent management, around accounting across the globe. So, the same solution that worked for Flextronics, which by the way most of their population in China happen to work well for Lenovo, the same group that works well for Johnson & Johnson in the U.S., the same solution works well for Sanofi in France. And I think thats what were seeing. The next wave for us is actually addressing the middle market opportunity in Europe, which are beginning to rollout going into next year. But the large multinationals across the globe largely act in very similar ways.
Shannon S. Cross  Cross Research LLC:  Okay, great. And then, maybe sort of a follow-up there. In terms of the investments youre making and you said youre targeting middle markets and international, but I think during the call the comment significant investments to come and continue to focus on investing the business was a key comment. So, how you think about the hurdle rates for investment, where you put your dollars? Is this going to be more international versus U.S., more R&D versus SG&A? Just any color you can give us on the continued investment.
Aneel Bhusri:  Youll see a set of new product announcements in Rising in November. Thats probably all I really can talk about on the product side. I dont know if Mark wants to talk about anything on the SG&A side.
Mark Peek:  Yes, certainly with G&A were building our internal platform to be a much larger company and on sales and marketing we are selling multiple products to different buyers in different geographies and were going to continue to make investments, particularly internationally and in selling financials.
Shannon S. Cross  Cross Research LLC: Thank you.
Operator:  Your final question comes from the line of Derrick Wood with Susquehanna.
Derrick Wood  Susquehanna Financial Group:  Thanks. A couple of questions on the CSC announcement. First, it sounds like youre selling to the 70,000 employees on the HCM side. Was that a deal that closed in Q2 or is that still for plan? And then the second was, can you share with us the amount of resources maybe from a headcount perspective CSC plans to devote to the practice or maybe some timeframe as to when they get up and running in terms of ramp to market?
Aneel Bhusri: They have signed as a customer. I dont know which quarter it happened in. In terms of the size of their footprint, I think its best coming from them. Theyve got some pretty aggressive plans about creating Workday practice, but I defer to them and let them talk about if something get wrong.
Mark Peek:  And CSC was a Q1 deal.
Aneel Bhusri:  Yes, Q1 deal.
Derrick Wood  Susquehanna Financial Group:  Okay. And just a follow-up on the renewal business, Mark. Any commentary on the duration  contract duration looked much different from a new customer perspective.
Mark Peek: Yes, its somewhat customer by customer, and, again, we dont have a lot of data points, but were tending to see the average via a couple of years as opposed to just over three on a new deal.
Derrick Wood  Susquehanna Financial Group: Great, okay. Thank you.
Operator:  We thank you for your participation in todays earnings call. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-05-27 14:30:00) =====
Executives: Mike Haase - IR Aneel Bhusri - CEO Mark Peek - CFO 
Analysts: Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Jennifer Lowe - Morgan Stanley Brent Thill - UBS Mark Murphy - Piper Jaffray Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank.  Steve Koenig - Wedbush Securities.  Walter Pritchard - Citigroup  Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities  Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc Brian Schwartz - Oppenheimer & Co. Derrick Wood - Susquehanna Financial Group 
Operator:  Welcome to Workday's First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand it over to Mike Haase. Please proceed.
Mike Haase: Welcome to Workday's first quarter fiscal 2015 earnings conference call. On the call we have Aneel Bhusri, our CEO; and Mark Peek, our CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures which are used as measures of Workday's performance should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or isolation from GAAP results. Our non-GAAP operating loss and net loss per share exclude the effect on the GAAP results of stock-based compensation and employer payroll taxes on employee stock transactions and for fiscal 2014 also exclude amortization expense for acquisition related intangible assets and non cash interest expense associated with our convertible note.  You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. Also, the customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated at the beginning of each month. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Our second quarter quiet period begins at the close of business July 17, 2014. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2014. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thanks Mike. And thanks everyone for joining us. And I am pleased to say that fiscal year 2015 is off to a great start. In the first quarter together with our customers, weve set some new and exciting milestones. HP went live on Human Capital Management for 300,000 employees in more than 100 countries. Phillips also went live with more than 100,000 employees in over 70 countries. HP is now our largest customer in production globally, and Phillips is our largest live customer based in Europe. Congratulations to each of these companies for their ongoing success. We are also experiencing positive momentum with Workday Financial Management. We had another quarter of double digit customer growth, welcoming big name companies like Cushman and Wakefield, the world's largest privately held commercial real estate services firm and Nationstar Mortgage, a leading residential mortgage services company. Both Netflix and LifeTime Fitness are now up and running on Workday Financial Management.  We've also seen significant customer demand for our newest application Workday Recruiting. Workday Recruiting was delivered on time in April as an add-on application that replaces traditional applicant tracking systems. A couple of years ago, I asked our HCM product strategy team to completely transform the recruiting space. We asked them to start with the clean sheet of paper and they combine all their years of industry experience with fresh and innovative thinking and today's most modern technologies including social and mobile. Today, with the help of our six customers design partners, we did an amazing job. Already more than 70 companies have signed up for Workday Recruiting. Our Workday Recruiting was a significant portion of our latest update. In total, Workday 22 included almost 350 new features that continue to broaden capabilities offered to our HR and finance customers around the world. Workday 22 is the first update since our shift to single code line development. In just under six hours, we brought every live Workday customer that is many million of users off of the old version and on to the new version. We believe that the speed and ease in which our customers can update sets the bar in enterprise offer. Working in close partnership with our customers, we continue to broaden the scope of Workday big data analytics. The number one request we receive is to host the application in Workday datacenters. We are preparing to make this option available in Workday 23, and as a result expect to see accelerated adoption of this offering.  And finally in Q1, we hosted our first ever Workday Rising Europe with our new president of EMEA, Chano Fernandez. This event brought together almost 600 customers, prospective customers, partners, and employees in London to collaborate and learn and to celebrate customer success.  With increasing demand for Workday globally, I'm pleased to share with you today that we have appointed a new head of Workday Asia Pacific, Japan, Ian Miller. Ian joins us with more than 30 years of sales leadership experience from companies including IBM and HP.  With that, I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Peek : Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon everyone. We started fiscal 2015 with a very strong first quarter generating record quarterly revenues, billings, and trailing 12-month operating cash flows. Operationally, we executed very well. We added over 60 new customers, and at quarter end had over 675 customers. Absent an existential event like being acquired or bankruptcy, each of the customers up for renewal in Q1 renewed. We continue to focus on customer satisfaction and believe once we sign and deploy a customer we keep that customer. Our strength in total bookings dollars continues to be concentrated in North America and in HR, however, the attach rates of payroll, financials, and now recruiting continue to be strong. We had a record number of financials customer deals during the quarter bringing our total number of financials customers to over 80.  When you look at Workday from an ability to continue to invest, our balance sheet remains strong. We have nearly $1.9 billion of cash and marketable securities, over $460 million of unearned revenue, and we are at operating cash flow breakeven. Once again, a solid quarter, and we are pleased with our accomplishments and want to thank our employees, our partners, and our customers.  I'll now walk you through the financial details of the first quarter. Derived billings for the quarter were exceptionally strong and exceeded our expectations. This was largely due to timing and not a fundamental shift in demand. As we dissected the billings performance, approximately $15 million to $20 million of Q1 billings were from deals we had anticipated would close in the second quarter or later. Some of this was due to contracts that closed well ahead of our forecast for what appeared to be customer specific reasons. We are also learning a lot more about the closing process in the education and government space, specifically the timing of the approval processes in the public sector. Given the shift in forecast deals closing in Q1 rather than Q2, we expect total derived billings in the second quarter to decrease sequentially from $208 million to approximately $180 million. For the year, we anticipate derived billings to be approximately $890 million to $910 million. Subscription revenue for our cloud application was $123.4 million, up 80% from last year. The over achievement in Q1 billings provided modest upside subscription revenue. The weighted average duration of new contracts signed in our first quarter was approximately 3.6 years. The slight lengthening in average term is primarily due to longer contract terms in the E&G sector particularly in higher education. Professional services revenue was $36.3 million, an increase of 56% compared to last year. Job one in professional services is successful deployment of our cloud application whether by our eco system partners or us. Professional services revenue can be a bit lumpy, particularly in the E&G segment, the revenue from large deployments can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter depending on customer specific contract term. So total revenues for the first quarter were $159.7 million, an increase of 74% from a year ago. As the vast majority of our sales are currently in U.S. dollars, the impact of exchange rates is minimal.  Total unearned revenue at quarter end was $462 million, up 12% sequentially and 54% from a year ago. As I mentioned earlier, we closed several large deals during the first quarter that were forecast to close later in the year driving higher than expected unearned revenue balances and derived billings. Over 90% of our unearned revenue is from subscription fees. Short-term unearned revenue was $388 million, an increase of 17% sequentially and 73% from last year. Long-term unearned revenue was $74 million, down 9% sequentially and down 4% from last year.  During the first quarter, we continued to average just over a year of the total contract value being built upfront at signing. Looking ahead for the second quarter of fiscal 2015, the strength of our business model and continued momentum provides very good revenue visibility and we expect a solid quarter.  Total revenues for the second quarter are expected to be within a range of $173 million to $178 million, a growth of 61% to 65% as compared to the prior year. Subscription revenue is anticipated to be within a range of $137 million to $140 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 69% to 73%. For the year, we anticipate total revenue of approximately $730 million to $750 million or growth of approximately 56% to 60%. Subscription revenue is anticipated to be within a range of $575 million and $590 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 62% to 67%. Let's spend a few minutes on operating expenses and our result of operation. Unless otherwise noted, all references to our expenses and operating results on non-GAAP basis which are reconciled in the tables posted on our Investor Relations website. We had approximately 2900 employees at the end of first quarter and continue to anticipate adding more people in fiscal 2015 than we did in fiscal 2014. Remember that approximately two thirds of our total expenses are employee related. Our first quarter gross margin was 66.2%, down slightly from the first quarter. For the year, we are currently expecting a modest improvement from last year possibly in the 64% to 65% range. Subscription gross margin was 83.5% and includes the costs related to providing our cloud application, compensation and related expenses for operation staff and data center and networking and depreciation. The subscription gross margin improved by approximately 60 basis points sequentially due largely to the ongoing economics or our subscription model and where we are in the timing of capital spend in our datacenter. We expect subscription revenue will increase as a percentage of total revenue over time but their gross margins will likely fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter.  As we had expected entering the year our professional services gross margin was down slightly from the fourth quarter. We expect the professional services gross margin in the second quarter to be down slightly from Q1. Our first quarter operating loss was $22.5 million or negative 14.1%. This was better than we anticipated and largely result of the operating leverage received on increased revenue particularly in professional services. Although long-term profitability and cash flow generation are important goals we believe our focus today needs to be on market expansion, continued product innovation and growth.  Product development expense in the first quarter was $53.6 million, up 18% sequentially and up 57% from a year ago. The impact of adding the identified team was between 200 and 300 basis points to the product development growth rate. We continue to invest in our product development for new solutions as well as strengthening and extending our suite of HR, Payroll and in particular financial management application.  Sales and marketing expense was $61.1 million, up 10% sequentially and up 64% from last year. Our customer programs were very active during the quarter including our first Workday Rising users conference in Europe.  General and administrative expense was $13.5 million down slightly from Q4 and up 47% year-over-year. As mentioned last quarter, our Q4 expenses included various seasonal corporate expenses and donations for the Workday Foundation that are not in our Q1 expense.  The net loss per share was $0.13 on $183 million weighted average share. The share count includes 6.9 million weighted average shares from our January follow on offering. Given our net loss, our outstanding stock options, warrants and common stock equivalents are anti- dilutive and not included in the loss per share calculation. Taking into account our adjustment the GAAP operating income that Mike referenced at the start of the call, we currently expect our fiscal second quarter non-GAAP operating margin to be within a range of negative 12% to 15% of total revenue and for the year to be in the negative low-teens. The GAAP operating margins for the fiscal second quarter and the full year 2015 are expected to be approximately 18 to 20 percentage points lower than the non- GAAP margin.  Other expenses were $1.1 million flat compared to the fourth quarter. For your modeling, our quarterly non-GAAP interest expense from our convertible notes approximately $1.6 million. From a GAAP perspective, the Q2 interest expense including approximately $6 million of non cash amortization reflecting the discount and issuance cost is approximately $7.6 million. The interest payments on the notes are made during our fiscal second and first quarters.  Now on to our balance sheet and statements of cash flows. Cash and marketable securities at quarter end were nearly $1.9 billion about flat sequentially. Operating cash flow were $22 million for the first quarter and $51 million for the trailing 12 months. Free cash flows for the first quarter were $12 million and for the trailing 12 months a negative $33 million. It was relatively light CapEx quarter but we continue to expect we will spend $100 million during fiscal 2015. As mentioned last quarter, we acquired a leasehold interest in land in Pleasanton adjacent to our existing office space. We are actively evaluating our alternative for this site, the potential development cost are not yet factored into our CapEx guidance. In addition, we're recently changed our PTO policy in the U.S. moving to a more employee friendly, flexible time off policy for U.S. exempt employee which doesn't require the ongoing accrual of PTO. We will pay the current accrued but unused balances during Q2 which will result in a one time use and operating cash flows of approximately $80 million.  To summarize, we are very pleased with our solid first quarter. Looking ahead, we are investing for the long term and see a very large opportunity in front of us. You should expect us to continue making significant investments in our product development and global market expansion to maximize our long-term growth opportunities.  With that let's begin the Q&A process. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. 
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs:  Hi, great. Thank you very much for taking the question. I actually had two. I was wondering given your -- you said over 80 financial customers now, can you give us a sense of the split between kind the public sector, education customers you have, so if you group that into one and then private sector customers, if you could give us a sense of the rest? And then also can you give us an update, Aneel, on how you see this offering ramping outside of the U.S. and for Fortune 500 type customers? 
Aneel Bhusri : So on the first one; we are not going to break it up by industry at this time, but I would say that a high level, more than half are commercial customers, although there is a decent chunk out of public sector. Some of the bigger ones are actually out of the public sector segment. In terms of the product line ramping, we were very pleased with the data points that we shared in the earnings release. The two go-lives, Netflix and LifeTime Fitness, using all of our financial products, those are two large companies that are proof points not just of us being able to sell it, but most importantly to get the customers up and running and have them being happy running Workday Financials. And then the two recent wins, Cushman and Wakefield and Nationstar, these are much larger on average than the kinds of companies we were selling to even just a year ago in financials. So, it's much like that, in March we talked about really when we went public about every quarter, every update going after bigger and bigger customers. To your second question, I think as we go into fiscal year 2016, you'll see a stronger presence of salespeople in Europe selling Workday Financials. We're just beginning to really start ramping up that part of it, and we'll not surprisingly start with some of the commonwealth countries like the UK and Australia, where the requirements are not that different from US GAAP and then move on to the continent shortly thereafter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Lowe with Morgan Stanley.
Jennifer Lowe - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you. I had two questions as well. May be first following up on Heather's question a little bit. You noted that some of these financial deals can get quite large. I was curious on what the trend has been on average deal sizes, particularly as your portfolio products expand with things like recruiting and then maybe related to it, Mark, you mentioned that the retention rate on renewals in the quarter was very high on a logo basis but just curious if there is any added color there in terms of your ability to up sell or drive pricing increases or anything like that on renewal as well. Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri : Yes, thanks, Jennifer. On average deal size, there really isn't a trend on average size, because we are covering the entire gamut. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we had some very large contracts signed and new customers during the quarter. But we also have a very strong mid-market business, and so the averages are a little bit deceiving. What we are seeing, however, is no erosion in price, and as a result we have little bit larger size transaction because we are selling more products into it. 
Jennifer Lowe - Morgan Stanley: And also is there any color on renewals? 
Mark Peek : On renewals, well, so stepping back a second, the renewals that we are seeing now are largely customers that have -- Workday customers from early on, so they have been with us three or four years. And so, the overall size from the perspective of expansions, we are seeing some expansions as our customers are successful and they are growing their headcount. The size of the renewal transaction also grows, however, those customers were not subject to -- we call the innovation index which is in addition to CPI on contracts taking into account the fact that we are producing ongoing value throughout the term of the contract, so moving forward we expect the renewal size to be larger than the original contract size. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS: Thanks. Mark, just to clarify the billings out-performance in Q1, you had mentioned several large new customers I think were pulled forward from Q2. Did you see any deals that were kind of booked in Q4 that you may have invoiced in Q1 that led to that? I am curious if there is any more color because the magnitude of the out-performance is obviously fairly large relative to the original goal?
Aneel Bhusri : Yes, Brent, I think there are always several factors that impact billings. I think the way that we are looking at it and the reason that we provided, a bit more color even in the press release on the results for the first quarter, so we are thinking about it as a first half performance and not with a fine line on billing right at quarter end. We built the pipeline for the year which included some very significant customers and some of those were pulled forward into the first quarter. As far as Q4 versus Q1, that was a fairly clean cut off, and so there really wasn't a difference between what ended up on the balance sheet as well.
Brent Thill - UBS: Okay. And just a quick follow for Aneel. When you look at the financials ramp, and when you look at the partner base that's trending to come up to speed to kind of help you in the field, can you give us a sense of what you are seeing some of the larger SIs, extending the practice beyond HR into financials and where that stands today? 
Aneel Bhusri : At this point, every one of the major SIs are making investment -- is making investment in their financials practice to work side by side with their HR practice. In the public sector, that's been a fact of life really since they get go, since public sector is the first industry in financial product, so that area is already quite significantly ramped on the partner side. But I think we shared this in a previous call. Our goal right now is for Workday to be the driving force for about half of the financials implementations until we feel like the product -- is at a place where we really can't roll it out to the broader community, and I would say it is getting close, but we just want to guarantee the success of the first wave of large company implementations, and so we're staying very close to those right now but the demand is clearly there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with Piper Jaffray. 
Mark Murphy - Piper Jaffray: Thank you. Curious if you would expect the volume of new deals this fiscal year to grow on par with the billings growth guidance of about 50%. Another word if you book roughly 200 new customers last fiscal year, would you expect to book roughly 300 new customers this year. And I realize the math could be quite a bit more complicated than that but just trying to separate out your expectations were volume growth from the ASP growth in that equation. And secondarily, I was wondering if you could estimate the attach rate for Workday Payroll for the new customers that you have been signing recently, is something in the neighborhood of 75%, a decent guess?
Mark Peek : Yes, Mark, as you pointed out that there are lot of complications and permutation that go to the billings number and trying to just measure it purely against the number -- the customer count we have including obviously the size of the customer and the fact that we are signing some of the very largest companies in the world and at the same time signing companies where we will have three year contract value that will be less than a $1 million and so it's not necessarily how we think about it from quarter-to-quarter pipeline generation. We are not locked into a goal that is the number of customers that we have. We certainly pay attention to it and certainly part of our TAM but it is really part of the quarter-to-quarter measurement that we have. 
Mark Murphy - Piper Jaffray: And then question on the payroll attach rate. 
Mark Peek : We don't give specific numbers on attach but payroll has been -- payroll as well as time tracking has been growing as a percentage of HCM each quarter. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank. 
Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank. : Hi. I think for Aneel and one for Mark. Aneel, Oracle is talking a little bit more with analysts about success traction they are getting with Oracle HCM and I am just wondering are you seeing that and if your mix of replacements has shifted at all to or from Oracle this past quarter? And then for Mark, I am just curious, congratulation on the HP, Philips, go -live, I am just curious if there was any unusual level of invoicing associated with those two clients that may have coincided with their go-live dates. Thank you. 
Mark Peek : Let me -- I can take that one first and then handed over to Aneel. The short answer on that is no. And generally the way that our contracts work is -- when the contract is signed we do the first billing when the first tenant is made available which is typically within a week and that's when the revenue recognition starts. And so certainly from the subscription revenue perspective there is no time to successful deployment of assessment. 
Aneel Bhusri : And honestly I just -- I can't really point to any trend in the change competitive dynamics over the last -- really over the last couple of years. In one given quarter SAP might be stronger, another given quarter Oracle might be stronger and it is about the individual deals but I think both companies are pretty far behind from a product perspective in terms of having a full speed of HCM and now increasingly financial products in the cloud and built natively for the cloud. So I didn't notice anything different this past quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities. 
Steve Koenig - Wedbush Securities. : Hi, gentlemen, thanks for taking my question. I'd love to see if we can get more color on the billings on the large customers that you referenced. So we know it is not -- now the two large deals that went live but can you give some more color on how many deals are we talking about and or the size of the deals and were they at the closing states of the pipeline and did they detract from your pipeline for next quarter or could we see a pull forward next quarter as well? 
Mark Peek : Well, if you look at the sequential annual guidance that we provided on billings, we took the bottom end and the top end of the range up by $40 million and so the way that I think about it is that we had better success in Q1, that success was somewhat reflected in the overall revenue and billings guidance that we provided. But we are thinking about it in more in terms of how the first half is playing out and so the guide for Q2 for example is $180 million and that's a little different seasonality than we laid out for you last quarter. And so just thinking about in those terms there was some expansion of our guidance from expansion of the pipeline but the result we got in this quarter was just bit unusual and so think about it more in terms of how the first half is going to perform with these results and the guidance that we provided. 
Steve Koenig - Wedbush Securities: And can you just elaborate Mark, any comments that you can provide on kind of -- are we talking enhanced forward deals or ten deals and size of those deals? 
Mark Peek : It was really just handful of larger transaction both in commercial and E&G. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citigroup. 
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup :  Hi, thanks. Aneel, I was wondering if could talk about in HR space, you had success around in your core app with some adjacent products like recruiting, payroll and even performance management which is included -- I was wondering if you could comment on the attach rate of accruing and then relative to financials, how are you looking at surrounding financial with similar type products? Are you at the point yet there where you are thinking about that and does that help you to gain more of a foot hold in that market? 
Aneel Bhusri : The case of recruiting is still early; the product just went into general availability in April. So far after it really was being two quarter on the price list. I think we are over 70 customers so obviously the attach rate with new customers is quite high. The attach rate for the installed base is really going to depend on their existing contracts with their current recruiting provider so I think we will know a lot more in 12 months. From a new customer perspective it is very high and it expected to be somewhere to where payroll is. On the financial side, we already do have the -- we already do have those kinds of products, we have it in the form of expenses and we have it in the form of procurement. Not all customers take the full suite including expense and procurement and in particular procurement's been a more focused investment areas over the last couple updates for Workday. We sense weakness in the installed base around Ariba not for manufacturing application but for broader non manufacturing applications. So that's a target when we go and replace financials to also look at procurement and expenses. 
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup :
 : Great, thanks.  
Aneel Bhusri :  I would say that the big unknown for financial would be the big data platform as we move the big data platform into the Workday datacenter, we've got quite a few customers that are excited about it and we will see what the attach rate is for that tied to financials. I think that might be one of the exciting net new adds to the financial product line. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities :  Thanks so much. And quick one for Aneel and then one for Mark as well. Aneel, now that you got recruiting out -- in the past you talked a little bit about kind of moving into some vertical strategies, you are looking at some vertical market and then also moving a little more into some of the training pieces. Do you shift your focus, now to those areas or is there still more work to do on the new releases? And the Mark on the CapEx, should we expect that to just continue literally through the remaining three quarters of the year to get that $100 million? 
Aneel Bhusri : So on the first piece, we are in the second update of recruiting, and right now we are working on that which comes out in the second half of this year. We've got a quite bit of work to make it on par with some of the legacy systems. It is a disruptive product in terms of a new of wave of thinking about recruiting but the basic idea is to do-- is not to start something new until we finished the thought on what's existing. So we've got recruiting that we are still building out. We are moving aggressively into new international markets which mean new payroll investment, new HR functionality across the board. So there are still quite a bit to do before we look at new applications and potentially training or learning but those are very much on our longer -term roadmap.  
Mark Peek :  And Brendan on CapEx, guided to a total of $109 million or $110 million this last quarter, I think the best way to think about it is just linearly, as I also mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are going to the process as to what we are going to do with our facilities here in Pleasanton. At this point that CapEx guidance does not include any major building construction and should that come about will certainly let you know. 
Aneel Bhusri : And I guess coming back to the other part of question Brendan on industry, where industry is showing a more pronounced effect is in the financial product line. Public sector was the first push; we are building professional service automation for the professional services and business services companies, average daily balance for banks, longer-term inventory for hospitals so it is more likely you will see industry specific capabilities emerge on the financial side than on the HR side. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc: Great. I would just like to go back to the increasing guidance for full-year billings up $40 million at both the low and high end of the range. How much was recruiting being perhaps stronger than you expected, what role if any did it play in that $40 million increase?
Aneel Bhusri : Well, the recruiting is certainly a part of it but the lion share is really just coming from the core HCM and from financials and frankly when you provide guidance at the beginning of the year in enterprise software and you don't have the clear visibility into the back half of the year and as you move forward it gets a little bit tighter. And so we went through the first quarter we are able to assess the dynamics of the pipeline have quotas distributed and regions we assigned, we have better visibility on the overall pipeline which affects those revenues in billing. 
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc: And then just a quick follow-up, on the financials you called out two nice new customers wins, large, Cushman and Wakefield and Nationstar. Would they rank among the top five or Top 10 in terms of size of your customers within the total FM customer base?
Aneel Bhusri : Definitely not the top five, they might be in the Top 10
Mark Peek : They represent in commercial space of the larger size. 
Aneel Bhusri : Operator, we are going to take two more questions please. 
Operator: Certainly. The next question comes from the line of Brian Schwartz with Oppenheimer
Brian Schwartz - Oppenheimer & Co.: Yes, hi, thanks for taking my questions here this afternoon. Aneel, I think you Guys Company put out a press release in the quarter about a win with the University of Texas. I'm making the assumption that that was for Workday students. We've been hearing a lot of noise from new IPOs in the higher education space and private companies making some noise also. Wondering if you can provide us an update on the vertical solution in the education space, and how you view that solution, how it differentiates you in the market.
Aneel Bhusri : The product is still ways away from general availability but we've had a quite a bit of success attracting only development partners. And the best way to think about is that for university, the student system is the core operational app and so if you can replace the core operational app, HR and finance get pulled along with it much like in a manufacturing company you might see financial get pulled along with manufacturing, that's the student system is that -- is that their core operational system for university, so what we have seen as a result is that when a company chooses our student system they tend to buy the full suite and consider all in platform deal. The opportunity in the student system world is that the market seen very little innovation. PeopleSoft had good product but not really much has been done with it for many years. And then the other two players of the former banner product line from SAP that's part of the roll up and Datatel and neither has made a push into the cloud. So it is kind of an attractive competitive landscape and in the time when the universities are trying to deliver better experiences to their students at a lower cost and we are able to really address both the student system is built with consumer internet look and feel that is very attractive to today's generation of students. And we can definitely reduce the operating cost for the university with the cloud model so all and all I think it is a model for what we'll do in other industries going forward. 
Brian Schwartz - Oppenheimer & Co.: Thank you, Aneel. And then the one follow-up I had was really on Identified. When we did our checks here at the end of the quarter, a lot of the consultants and partners that we spoke to, they were very excited about Identified social sourcing and the data analytics capabilities and some of us were telling us that it's all patent protected too. I'm wondering if you can walk us through what is happening under the radar over there with Identified, and maybe comment how you see it differentiating your platform in the market. Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri : We will be ready to give -- to show more about what we are doing with Identified probably within the next three months may be at the next earnings update, at a high level they have some very interesting technology built from machine learning around massive amounts of data and normalizing the data and we are basically taking that technology and in many cases rewriting into the Workday platform or just taking as is and plugging it into the Workday platform and bringing that machine learning capability productivity analytics to Workday. The real asset that we got with Identified was a group of really brilliant data scientist that are very complimentary to application development skill so we have at Workday, they are basically looking at all the data we created and coming up with ways that enable our systems to be more productive for our customers. So we will showcase more on that in the upcoming months. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Derrick Wood with Susquehanna.
Derrick Wood - Susquehanna Financial Group:  Great. Thanks. Two questions. First, Aneel, with the new Workday 22 release I know recruiting was obviously one of the most significant new developments. But can you share what you think is incremental on the financial side? And then for Mark, I know you had a lot of beta customers on the recruiting product, and then it looks like it went GA at the end of the quarter. Did that then show up as recognized billings from those beta customers? And if so, could you quantify that? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri : On the financial side it was really across the board in terms of new areas more global functionality as we keep shipping away and building replacement with legacy systems on a global perspective. A really nice set of integration on T&E side so that any travel provider can be plugged right into Workday from -- both from tracking of expenses and reporting perspective as well and ease of generating expense report. We also came with the unified customer view from a financial perspective to give users something highly requested item was to get a centralized view of a customer from a financial perspective where they could see everything in terms of collections, billings, future revenue, all those things that might -- that you might expect out of a financial system all in one place. Tighter integration into our analytic so really across the board. And procurement is increasing area of investment too. As I mentioned earlier too, to close the gap of some of the existing procurement legacy, procurement systems. 
Mark Peek : And on recruiting, no impact on billing, modest-- just really minor impact on subscription revenue that we had already factored into guidance, we started rev rec when it GA which was towards the end of the quarter. 
Mike Haase:  Okay, everyone. That concludes the call. Thank you.  
Operator: We thank you for your participation in today's earnings call. You may now disconnect. And have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-02-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Haase - IR Aneel Bhusri - Co-CEO Mark Peek - CFO
Analysts: Jennifer Liu - Morgan Stanley John DiFucci - JP Morgan Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Richard Davis - Canaccord Pat Burton - Winslow Samad Samana - FBR Pat Walravens - JMP Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Brent Thill - UBS
Operator: Welcome to Workdays Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand it over to Mike Haase. Please proceed.
Mike Haase: Welcome to Workdays fourth quarter fiscal 2014 earnings conference call. On the call we have Aneel Bhusri, our Chairman and Co-CEO; and Mark Peek, our CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for information on the risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures which are used as measures of Workdays performance should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or an isolation from GAAP results. Our non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of stock-based compensation and for fiscal 2014 also exclude employer Payroll taxes on employee stock transactions and non-cash interest expense associated with our convertible notes. The fiscal 2013 non-GAAP measures also exclude a donation of shares to the Workday Foundation. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results, in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. Also, the customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated at the beginning of each month. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Our first quarter quiet period begins at the close of business April 16, 2014. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2013. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thanks Mike. Ill spend a few minutes on a look back at fiscal year 2014 and a very brief outlook on fiscal year 2015 before handing things over to Mark. Over the past year we experienced a significant amount of growth with the addition of 200 customers bringing year-end numbers to over 600. In particular, weve experienced increased adoption of our financials product, ending the fiscal year with more than 70 customers. The fourth quarter was the second quarter in a row that we experienced double digit new customer growth in financials. We attribute much of this momentum to market readiness and product maturity and expect this trend to continue. In fiscal 2014 we also added two key members to the Workday leadership team. Ashley Goldsmith, joined as our Chief Human Resources Officer and Chano Fernandez, joined as our President of EMEA. With more than 2,600 employees and an exciting growth plan, Workday is already benefiting from Ashleys leadership in employee development programs and recruitment as we continue to open offices and attract top talent around the world. Chanos vision and guidance will be instrumental to Workdays future as more European companies make the shift to bring HR and Finance through the cloud. Even as we scale, we continue to earn top rankings from our employees and customers, earning the number one spot on two Bay Area Best Place to Work With last year and receiving a 97% customer satisfaction rating in our annual customer survey. Kicking to innovation, we delivered three updates over the past year, Workday 19, 20, and 21. Major highlights included the general availability of Workday Big Data Analytics and the completely redesigned new user experience for the browser built on HTML5. Weve made significant progress in Workday financial management and Workday human capital management and in total across the three updates delivered more than 600 new features for HR and Finance. Notably, approximately one third of those features came from Workday Brainstorm a forum that captures and shares customer ideas based on popular vote. We also increased our presence in education and government. Last September we announced that we are building Workday Student. Development remains on track with the first components of the application expected in the second half of calendar year 2014 as an add-on application sold separately. Release of the full product is expected to be completed by the end of calendar year 2016. And as we near the general availability of Workday recruiting, which remains on track for the spring we are seeing strong demand from both existing and perspective customers. This application is being sold as an add-on to human capital management and as of January 31st we have signed 39 customers. Lastly on the product front, I want to note that just last week, Workday completed the acquisition of Identified, a company that since 2010 has been building technology that uses Big Data from social web to uncover insights and relationships that change the way companies perceive talent, management workforces and improve their competitiveness. While we will not continue the Identified offering in its current form, we intend to build this technology into the Workday platform to further enhance our search capabilities and to accelerate the delivery of predictive analytics and machine learning capabilities. The result will be a big win for our customers and we are excited to welcome the Identified team to Workday. In summary, we enter fiscal year 2015 with an optimistic view of our business and marketplace. We have a strong and expanding suit of major cloud applications, a highly talented and motivated workforce and a growing and satisfied customer base. I will now turn it over to Mark to review our fourth quarter and full year results and provide insight into fiscal year 2015.
Mark Peek: Thanks Aneel and good afternoon, everyone. We finished an outstanding fiscal 2014 with a great fourth quarter generating record revenue, billings and trailing 12 month operating cash flows. Before I get into the fourth quarter details and our outlook for Q1 and fiscal 2015, lets spend a little time looking back on our accomplishments this past year. Fiscal 2014 was a year of tremendous success financially and across our operating metrics. Total revenue increased 71% to $468.9 million and subscription revenue increased 86% to $354.2 million. Total unearned revenue for the year increased 45% to $413.6 million and we generated positive operating cash flows for the year. Non-cancellable subscription backlog at year-end was $636 million. So combined with unearned subscription revenue; we have over $1 billion of subscription revenue to be recognized in future periods or nearly three times our fiscal 2014 subscription revenue. The year-over-year increase in total unearned subscription revenue, plus backlog was 47%. We raised net proceeds of $1.1 billion during the year from our convertible debt and follow on common stock offerings and ended the year with nearly $1.9 billion of cash. Operating cash flows for the year were $46.3 million and free cash flows were a negative $29.6 million. Including our calculation of free cash flows is $10 million we invested in a 95 year ground lease for potential future expansion of our primary product development center in Pleasanton. For the full year, we significantly improved our operating margin. We are making a conscious decision to invest in product and market expansion and do not anticipate this pace of margin improvement in the near future. We still believe we are several years away from positive non-GAAP operating margins. However we expect continued progress in cash flow generation in 2015. We also added more than 800 net new employees during the year, a 47% increase from the beginning of the year. Fundamental to our business model is the belief that once we win a customer, we keep them for years beyond the initial subscription period. This is driven by a combination of the importance of the applications to our customer's business, the frequent product updates with meaningful features, functionality and improved ease of use and of course very high customer satisfaction. Were pleased with our fiscal 2014 accomplishments and want to thank our employees, our partners and our customers. And as Aneel mentioned we started fiscal 2015 with the acquisition of Identified. Let me add my welcome to the Identified team. Now I will walk you through the financial details of our fourth quarter. Total revenues for the fourth quarter were $141.9 million, an increase of 74% from a year ago. The vast majority of our sales are currently in U.S. dollars, so there is minimal impact from exchange rates. Subscription revenues for our cloud applications were $110.7 million, an increase of 86% from last year. The weighted average duration of new contracts signed in our fourth quarter was approximately 3.5 years. As a reminder we focus our selling efforts on and have a strong preference for three-year terms on contracts. We believe well have a very high renewal rate and that the economics of shorter term contracts are better for us in the long run. Our Professional Services revenue was $31.2 million, an increase of 42% compared to last year. The primary objective with our Professional Services business is to maximize customer success and deployment of our software services. We continued to emphasize our partner eco-system led by such firms as Deloitte, Aon Hewitt and IBM. Total unearned revenue at quarter end was $413.6 million, up 18% sequentially and 45% from a year ago. Over 90% of our unearned revenue is from subscription fees. Short-term unearned revenue was $332.7 million, an increase of 19% sequentially and 67% from last year. Long-term unearned revenue was $80.9 million, up 12% sequentially and down 6% from last year. As we have discussed in the past, as our balance sheet strengthened during our fiscal 2013, we changed our sales compensation structure to deemphasize multiple year upfront cash collection, which was previously used to finance the business. The percentage of the contract build upfront is typically lower than in the periods prior to the change. This change negatively impacts comparisons to our unearned revenue calculated doing some cash flows, but we believe it improves the long-term economics of our business. During the fourth quarter that trend continued. On an average we billed just over a year of the total contract value. I also want to provide you with color on our backlog. As a reminder most of our subscription agreements are for three years and are non-cancellable. In a typical contract, the first year of a multi-year contract is billed and recorded on our balance sheet as unearned revenue. The non-cancellable un-billed portion of the contract remains off our balance sheet as backlog until billed. As mentioned in my opening remarks total subscription backlog as of the end of fiscal 2014 was $636 million, up 46% from $434 million at the end of fiscal 2013. Total future subscription revenue, which includes total unearned subscription revenue plus subscription backlog, was just over $1 billion, a 47% increase from approximately $700 million as of the end of fiscal 2013. Looking ahead to the first quarter and our fiscal 2015, the strength of our business model and continued momentum provide very good revenue visibility and we expect a solid first quarter. Total revenues for the first quarter are expected to be within a range of $148 million to $153 million or year-over-year growth of 61% to 67%. Subscription revenue is anticipated to be within a range of $117 million to $120 million, a growth of 71% to 75%. For the year we anticipate total revenue of approximately $710 million to $740 million, for a growth of approximately 51% to 58%. Subscription revenue is anticipated to be within a range of $565 million and $585 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 60% to 65%. Derived billings for the year are anticipated to be approximately $850 million to $870 million with seasonality comparable to 2014, and approximately 60% of total billings expected in the second half of the year. We expect first quarter derived billings to be approximately $165 million. Ill spend a few minutes on operating expenses and our results of operations. Unless otherwise noted, all references to our expenses and operating results are on a non-GAAP basis and are reconciled in the tables posted on our Investor Relations website. We ended the year with just over 2,600 full time employees, an increase of over 800 for the year. During fiscal 2015, we anticipate adding yet again more people than we did in fiscal 2014. Approximately two thirds of our total expenses are employee related. Our fourth quarter gross margin was 66.4%, up 244 basis points from the third quarter, driven by our mix of Subscription revenues growing faster than Professional Services. We dont anticipate further improvements to our gross margin over the next year. Although the mix between subscription and professional services will continue to shift towards Subscription, we anticipate lower Professional Services margins as we invest in programs to ensure ongoing customer success post deployment. The fourth quarter Subscription gross margin was 82.9% and included the cost related to providing our cloud applications, compensation and related expenses for operation staff and datacenter networking and depreciation. The subscription gross margin improved 135 basis points sequentially due largely to increased volumes and scale efficiencies. Our Professional Services gross margin decreased by 756 basis points sequentially. As guided last quarter, fourth quarter utilization rates and the Professional Services gross margins decreased from the third quarter driven by normal holiday season slowing. That said, we anticipate professional services margins to be lower in fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014, as we invest in deploying new customers in financial management applications, media and enterprise and ENG, where the partner Ecosystem is still maturing. Professional services margins could be in the mid to low single digits in the first half of fiscal 2015. Our fourth quarter operating loss was $21 million or negative 14.8% of revenue. This was better than we had anticipated and it was largely a result of operating leverage received on increased revenue and strong subscription gross margins. Taking into account our adjustments to GAAP operating income that Mike disclosed at the start of the call and the impact of the Identified acquisition, we currently expect our fiscal first quarter non-GAAP operating margin to be within a range of a negative 15% to a negative 19% of total revenue. For the year we plan to ramp up our investments and expect a modest improvement in our 2015 non-GAAP operating margin perhaps in the low to mid-teens for the year. The GAAP operating margins for the first quarter and full year of fiscal 2015 are expected to be approximately 18 to 20 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margin. Long term profitability and cash flow generation are important goals but we believe our focus today needs to be on market expansion, continued product innovation and growth. Product development expense in the fourth quarter was $45.5 million, up 8% sequentially and up 57% from a year ago. We continue to invest in our product development for new solutions, as well as strengthening and extending our suit of HR, payroll and in particular financial management applications. Sales and marketing expense was $55.7 million, up 13% sequentially and up 57% from last year. The sequential increase was driven largely from higher variable comp. General and administrative expense was $14 million, up 35% sequentially and 38% year-over-year. The sequential increase was largely result of seasonal corporate expenses including audit fees, a donation to the Workday foundation, increased professional fees and investments in employee related programs. The net loss per share was $0.13 on 175 million weighted average shares. Given our net loss, all outstanding stock options, warrants and common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive and not included in the loss per share calculation. Other expenses were $1.1 million, approximately flat compared to the third quarter. For your modeling, our quarterly non-GAAP interest expense from our convertible notes is approximately $1.6 million. From a GAAP perspective, the Q1 interest expense, including approximately $5.9 million of non-cash amortizations reflecting the discount issuance cost is approximately $7.5 million. The interest payments on the notes are made during our fiscal second and fourth quarters. Now onto our balance sheet and statements of cash flows. Cash and short-term investments at quarter end were $1.9 billion, up $604 million sequentially, driven largely by net proceeds of approximately $592 million from our follow-on stock offering of 6.9 million Class A shares in January. Operating cash flows were $34.8 million for the fourth quarter and $46.3 million for the year. Free cash flows for the quarter were $7.5 million and for the year a negative $29.6 million. During the quarter, we purchased a land lease in Pleasanton for potential future expansion. Capital expenditures during fiscal 2015 are anticipated to be approximately $100 million as we continue to build out our datacenters to support customer growth and expand our office space. This does not include any significant capital expenditure for a new facility in Pleasanton. To summarize, we are very pleased with the solid fourth quarter performance and our accomplishments during fiscal 2014. Looking ahead, we are investing for the long term and see a very large opportunity in front of us. You should expect us to continue making significant investments in our product development and global market expansion to maximize our long-term growth opportunities. With that, lets begin the Q&A process.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Jennifer Liu from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Jennifer Liu - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to drill into the financial component and this seems like its a second quarter in a row where youve talked about adding double digits in terms of new customers there. Are you starting to see an inflection in that business now? And to the extent that you are seeing an uptick there, is that a function of now your functionality being more comprehensive then it was 12 to 18 months ago or is it a bigger push from your sales force or more customer demand? What are some of the factors playing into the stronger ads that youve seen in the last couple of quarters?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes, Im not sure Id use the word inflection. I would say increasing momentum around financials. And I think its really due to three things. Number one, the product continues to mature, both from feature and function perspective and from a scalability perspective. Number two, we do have a dedicated financial sales force that did a terrific job last year and goes into this year with a lot more experience selling the product line and confidence that they can do well. And actually lastly, the market is definitely moving in that direction. We have a quite a few large companies where the success with the HR products have caused the CFOs to want to evaluate Workday for the finance side and it's not surprisingly very similar to the pattern of adoption that we saw in the late 90s with ClientServ and PeopleSoft where we went from HR opening up doors in financials. So, I think its a lot of things but its just gaining momentum in many ways like HR did four or five years ago.
Jennifer Liu - Morgan Stanley: And maybe tied to that, Mark and your guidance, you mentioned that the financial management and the investments that youre making to get the implementation force up there is one of the impacts on Professional Services gross margins for this year, for fiscal 15. Is it reasonable to think that as you look out a year from now that we should continue to see that that strong momentum building in the financials or is it just too early to make that kind of statement yet?
Mark Peek: Jennifer, I was trying to talk towards Professional Services and the fact that we were making a ramped investment in Professional Services to handle financials customers while we train the ecosystem, but certainly as we look ahead to fiscal 15 and beyond, part of our plan as that financials continues to grow at an accelerated ramp.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Heather Bellini. Please proceed. Heather, your line is open.
Aneel Bhusri: Operator, lets move to the next one please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John DiFucci. Please proceed, sir. Your line is open.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan: Can you tell you talk to us a little bit more about Identified and how it feeds into predictive analytics, and thats what was described in the press release, and the Workday customer experience overall, and then Mark, if you could on the same subject, its a $15 million purchase. I realize thats relatively small. But what's the theme going forward and maybe in the same context talk a little bit about the purpose of the equity raised in the quarter. You did a convert before that and now that you mentioned your cash flow from operations positive but not free cash flow positive, but you did say youre going to see continued progress in cash flow generation in 2015.
Aneel Bhusri: Sure, on the Identified side, if the last five to seven years were about the emergence of the cloud as a new platform, for us I think the next five to seven years are about the analytics that can get built on top of that cloud platform. And so youre going to continue to see investment, whether its our own Big Data analytics offerings as that we have rolled out or acquisitions like Identified. So very consistent with that. Identified had some unique technology, some search and machine learning capabilities that we are going to take and build into the core Workday platform. So it won't be adjunct, it will be built into the Workday platform. Most importantly they had and now we have very talented people in these two domains, in search and in machine learning and predictive analytics that will leverage the Workday platform into the HR and finance areas for these kinds of capabilities. So I'd say that more than anything else the acquisition was about the people that we were able to get. They are truly fantastic and have very unique skill sets.
Mark Peek: With respect to moving forward, we did the capital raise, raised over $1 billion this past year and part of it was to put the balance sheet where we wanted it from a customer perspective. From time to time, some of our larger competitors will reach out in customer engagements and question the viability of Workday and with the cash on our balance sheet, those are questions we dont have to answer any longer. And at the same time there are opportunities for us to continue to fill in the technology to find great teams of people that can help us accelerate our growth.
Operator: Our next question will come from Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could actually share with us, Aneel, kind of, can you give us an update on what add-on products you think are ramping the fastest and kind of which ones do you expect to ramp the fastest if you look out for this calendar year. The add-on products for HCM, my apologies.
Mark Peek: Sure, so. I think payroll continues to be a very strong add-on in the markets where we offer payroll, like in the U.S. and Canada. There are other markets outside the U.S. and Canada where we are introducing payroll, in UK and France in the next few years. But in other places we dont have that add-on capability. The one that has global applicability to date has been super strong in terms of early adoption is obviously recruiting. Quite honestly the number of customers that signed up was a pleasant surprise, given that the product is not yet generally available. We've also had strong traction around time tracking. Again it all depends on the workforce, but there is more of a global offering. So I would say that payroll is containing to be a strong add-on in the markets where we offer it. But the one that looks like its going to be the strong one going forward will be recruiting.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: And then just a follow-up. Are any of those -- do you see those that pace of the expansion, do you see those accelerating? Because payroll has been a top performer, I think for a while as an add-on. Are some of the others catching up to that?
Mark Peek: You mean like expenses and time?
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: Yes, exactly.
Mark Peek: The basic pattern is that as the product matures and has customers hit moments in time where they hit a re-up for their legacy systems that we can replace and so in the case of both time tracking and expenses, the adoption rates have increased over time. But candidly, the recruiting one is in its own league so far.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brent Thill from UBS. Please proceed. Brent your line is open. Brent you have an open line.
Aneel Bhusri: Operator lets move to the next one please.
Operator: Okay. Our next person will come from the line of Raimo Lenschow. Please proceed.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital: The first one is on the competition front, are you seeing SAP or Oracle try to respond more strongly, given the ongoing momentum you have in financials?
Aneel Bhusri: Candidly, we dont see much of either of them on the financial front right now. I think we see them consistently on the HR front. On the SAP side, I am not sure which product we would compete with. Its unclear whats happening with business by design, the financial offering and there really isnt anything else. And in the case of Oracle Fusion, we just dont see it very much in competitive situations in financials.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital: Right. So, just follow-on on it -- just are there any particular verticals that really stood up to you in Q4, perhaps some vertical spend, havent been [ph] anything positives as core [ph] but have been getting a lot of traction from your competitors?
Aneel Bhusri: When you look at our wins in Q4, there is no real new patterns with strength in education and government but thats been the case for several quarters now. In the HR world, there's really a not sector that we're not selling into effectively, whether its manufacturing or financial services or tech or business services. We are starting to get some good wins in healthcare. So it really is across the board. Not surprisingly in financials -- since we're not focused on product based industries, its much more in the services areas. So we had a very strong quarter in the tech world in selling financials, which by the way is very similar to our early ramp up in HR. We had good success with finance. Thats where the early adapters are and we are beginning to get some early good wins with our financial products in the financial services category.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Karl Keirstead from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank: This question is for Mark and it relates to the expected uptick in renewal activity as deals signed three years ago come up for renewal. So I know you probably dont want to be exact in terms of categorizing new billings and renewals but as you think about your billings growth guidance of 850 to 870 for fiscal 15, how would you encourage us to think about the new billings and renewal mix?
Mark Peek : We're still at the stage where there is an, just given the growth that we've had over the last four years, an awful lot of the billings is coming from the multiyear that is rolling off of deferred revenue and off of backlog. And also we just continue that great opportunity in new billings and so predominantly the numbers that we're shooting for this year in bookings is heavily weighted by net new customers and net new bookings. Certainly renewals is a growing focus and at this stage, we have the assumption just based on the history that we've had over the last couple of years that the renewal rates will continue to be strong. But we're still predominantly in net new bookings business.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Walter Pritchard from Citi. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Robert for Walter. I do have a question about recruiting. You talked about the sort of unprecedented strength there. Curious about sort of the go-to market there in terms of how you're penetrating those talents and some of the deal sizes that you are seeing in those early customers?
Mark Peek : Again, the product is not in general released yet. That happens in the spring, which is why I think we had the pleasant surprise of all the add-ons. At this point, we didnt have a dedicated sales force selling recruiting. It was part of the core HR suite deals in Q4. And I would say the two reasons is that customers are buying into the vision and they are timing it with when their Taleo or other recruiting applications are coming due to renewal. I am saying at the time of that we want to be on to the Workday recruiting. Workday recruiting is really a leap forward from the past recruiting systems and I would say really two dimensions. One, in usability and the mobile capability that really is geared towards the people and managers during the recruiting. And then the second piece is the concept of unifying recruiting with core HR. So it's a theme that if you listen to Leanne, our Head of HCM talk about it, it just provides a very unique way to recruit where you can look at internal candidates as well as external candidates. And that just hasnt been possible when the recruiting Apps have been bolt-ons and in a job environment where there is no growth, in many cases the best candidates are internal and the Workday product is unique in being able to surface those candidates alongside our external candidates. So were just seeing a lot of demand and in most cases its a replacement of an existing recruiting system. Those companies had purchased one and so thats a good early sign for us.
Unidentified Analyst: And then secondly on the Big Data product, I know that its still relatively early there but can you talk about some of your larger deals there and use cases and the deal sizes that youre seeing?
Aneel Bhusri: Were continuing to sell the Big Data application. I would say candidly that there is a more of queue of large customers building up for when Workday brings it into its own datacenter. In the midmarket, were able to position AWS effectively since the Big Data offering is on AWS. In the high end of the market, most customers want it directly from the Workday datacenter where there is no hand off between the Workday Apps and our Big Data offering in terms of datacenters. So its tracking well. The use cases are similar in terms of customers figuring out how to bring in third-party data. And Id say at this point mostly data is still structured data as customers are learning what they can do with some of the unstructured data like social media data. I'd say those are still evolving use cases and frankly we're learning about them as well. As we head into the second half of this year, I expect, as we roll it into the Workday datacenter they have some pretty big uplift.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Richard Davis from Canaccord. Please proceed, sir.
Richard Davis - Canaccord: I know its in the future but it seems that from your comments that Workday student is aimed at kind of recruiting communications and analytics. Do eventually see the functionality Venn diagram of that business kind of inching toward areas where weve historically seen firms like Blackboard or I guess Moddle on the open-source side or private companies like Desire2Learn, because they kind of often times focus on learning tools? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Id probably defer a comment on that until we get the core student platform to a place a where we really replace the DataTel and Peoplesoft student systems first. The areas youve described could definitely be areas of extension but Id say the first focus is just to be able to be a replacement platform for the legacy student system platforms.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Pat Burton from Winslow. Please proceed.
Pat Burton - Winslow: I must have inadvertently hit a number. Congratulations on the quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Samad Samana from FBR Capital. Please proceed.
Samad Samana - FBR: For the recruiting deals, you said there are about 39 customers that signed up. Could you tell us how many of those were replacements of legacy systems versus companies for the first time adopting kind of a formal recruiting platform and what the size of those deals were?
Aneel Bhusri: Were not disclosing size of the deals at this point. Again, the product is not in general availability yet. I dont have the stats handy in terms of what was replacement versus just a net new recruiting opportunity. My guess is that two-thirds of the market is already penetrated by recruiting systems that's mostly replacement, but for the next for follow-up call well get that data.
Samad Samana - FBR: Okay and then one follow-up question. The sales force is more seasoned and customers are more and more accepting of SAS and HR and finance at the enterprise. Are you seeing a change in sales cycles? Is that getting easier to sell to Enterprise customers? How is the length of sales cycle track for the company?
Aneel Bhusri: I dont think the sales cycle length has changed. Most of the sales cycles that we were participating in a few years ago, we had already vetted out whether cloud was an option or not. So Id say that what has changed is the likelihood that well win because we have great referenceable customers and our two large legacy competitors struggle with referenceable customers of any scale. And there is really not an option for deploying new systems on premise. So its everyones cloud against each other. And I think that just simplifies things. That just simplifies the messaging and the market and so I think if anything, the market is just growing faster rather than sales cycles happening quicker. Enterprise is by software or software as a service historically in six to nine month sales cycles. That just hasnt really changed.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Pat Walravens from JMP. Please proceed.
Pat Walravens - JMP: Oh great, thank you. You know Aneel I think SAP is now making the argument that financials require more industry specific, country specific functionality than HR does. So while HR makes sense being multitenant, therere certain single tenant approaches that are better for financials. Id just love to hear what your perspective is on that, what key points should it take?
Aneel Bhusri: Yes, that sounds a lot like the arguments the legacy vendors said about HR four-five years ago. So two things. First of all, the uniqueness country by country is much tougher in HR than it is for financials, especially as you get near areas like absence and payroll, because of workers councils. When you look at accounting models, theres not dozens of accounting models. Theres U.S. GAAP, you got the Continental European Accounting Model with the push to IFRS which were in the path of supporting, that goes away. So I dont see that frankly at all. I think theres more commonality in financials than there is in HR across the globe. As it relates to industry capabilities, I do agree with that component and if you look at our roadmap, as we think about our focus on service industries were adding capabilities like professional services automation for software in Professional Services, average daily balance for financial services. Weve added a lot of capabilities specifically for ENG in terms of capabilities like grants, endowments and lastly we announced our intent to build inventory which would open up the market for healthcare. So they are industry driven. Were at a place now where we have most of the global core. We've got a great financial footprint and were beginning to add that industry layer that makes it more attractive to the various industry segments.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brendan Barnicle from Pacific Crest. Please proceed.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest: I wanted to follow up on John DiFuccis question on Identified. Given proprietary infrastructure that you guys have built, what does that do in terms of the integration or the depth of integration and I guess with that, how we kind of think about acquisitions as a result of that.
Aneel Bhusri: Well proprietary in what way?
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest: Youve built many memory databases on your own. You havent done you know sort of standard off the shelf infrastructure which a lot of companies have. And so as you integrate those, does that become a challenge?
Aneel Bhusri: No, so, when you think about a technology like Identified, well probably take some of the, well look at our underlying toolset, its all written in Java, we just have our own database. Thats the object oriented in memory database that you described. But for most things that integrate into Workday, we integrate through our -- both through our open set of web service APIs as well as our own integration broker, that was the former Cape Clear thats now our web services design center. In the case of Identified those are just rebuilt into the core platform and we guess those are going to be Java development projects and well see how much of the code we can reuse.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest: Terrific and then on the pricing side, we picked up some survey work recently suggesting that theres a little bit emerging pricing pressure in some areas of software. Im just wondering if you were seeing any pricing changes during quarter?
Aneel Bhusri: Legacy vendors have been pricing very aggressively. For as long as I can remember I dont think it's changed. It continues to be their best way of competing with us, cut price in some cases, cut price aggressively. But I dont think -- there's nothing new in that front that we have seen. We're going to take two more questions, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brent Thill from UBS. Please proceed.
Brent Thill - UBS: Thanks. Aneel, I just want to get back to Heather's question about the add-ons. And I'm curious if you're seeing a new customers stepping up with a broader portfolio in the Workday platform kind of out of the gate, realizing these products are matured. Are you still seeing steady progression really start with HR they are adding few products on overtime. Any dynamics change there and a quick follow up for Mark as well.
Aneel: We definitely see that today as we've had -- we have a broader HCM footprint that more and more customers are just buying the full footprint. Whether it's payroll or time tracking or expenses or now recruiting more and more are buying the full suite. And that's not a surprise. In the early days we really just had core HR. Then we added on payroll and if there's an opportunity to include it as part of one sales cycle we'd much rather do it in and so would the customer. Frankly we havent spent a ton of time until more recently, putting an effort to sell the add-ons back into the install base, but that will change overtime. But that is not going to keep focus as much more than around getting new accounts. So if you can sell the full suite to a new account, that's obviously a better way to go and that definitely is the trend line were seeing.
Bhusri: We definitely see that today as we've had -- we have a broader HCM footprint that more and more customers are just buying the full footprint. Whether it's payroll or time tracking or expenses or now recruiting more and more are buying the full suite. And that's not a surprise. In the early days we really just had core HR. Then we added on payroll and if there's an opportunity to include it as part of one sales cycle we'd much rather do it in and so would the customer. Frankly we havent spent a ton of time until more recently, putting an effort to sell the add-ons back into the install base, but that will change overtime. But that is not going to keep focus as much more than around getting new accounts. So if you can sell the full suite to a new account, that's obviously a better way to go and that definitely is the trend line were seeing.
Brent Thill - UBS: Okay. And Mark, just a thought from the client and when you look at the guidance this year its about a $30 million range. Last year I think was about a $50 million range and I understand youre on a bigger base. So you have probably have a bigger variance. Is that all that is or is there something else in terms of the guidance that youre giving that we should think through thats a little different this year than maybe last year?
Mark Peek: Brent its really just, its just really about being a larger company and then also providing little bit broader range of professional services as we fill in some gaps from a product perspective that the ecosystem currently doesnt have.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Peter Goldmacher from Cowen & Company. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Its Joe for Peter here. I was wondering if you guys could give us a little bit of color on the kinds of customers -- the kinds of new customers youre signing on and how much of the growth is from new versus existing customers and any sort of color on the mix would be great.
Aneel Bhusri: Were still in the phase where were more focused on acquiring new customers. Mark has talked about in the past, there are 23,000 companies across the globe that fit our profile and weve now passed 600. So we definitely focus more on new customer acquisition. We are over-time going to build a team though and have been doing a team that will sell back into installed base but thats not nearly as big a focus for us. Okay, thank you. That concludes the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2013-11-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Haase - Investor Relations Aneel Bhusri - Chairman and Co-CEO Mark Peek - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John DiFucci - JP Morgan Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Brent Thill - UBS Ross McMillan - Jefferies Karen Russillo - Wells Fargo Jon Parker - Morgan Stanley Peter Goldmacher - Cowen Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities Richard Davis - Canaccord Mark Murphy - Piper Jaffray Derrick Wood - Susquehanna Information Group
Operator: Welcome to Workdays Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand it over to Mike Haase.
Mike Haase: Welcome to Workdays third quarter fiscal 2014 earnings conference call. On the call we have Aneel Bhusri, our Chairman and Co-CEO; and Mark Peek, our CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures which are used as measures of Workdays performance should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or an isolation from GAAP results. Our non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of stock-based compensation and for fiscal 2014, also exclude employer Payroll taxes on employee stock transactions and non-cash interest expense associated with our convertible notes. The fiscal 2013 non-GAAP measures also exclude the donation of shares to the Workday Foundation. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. Also, the customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated at the beginning of each month. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Our fourth quarter quiet period begins at the close of business January 17, 2014. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2013. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thanks Mike. And thank you to everyone on the call that joined our first Analyst Day held at Workday Rising in September. It was really nice to see all of you and hopefully while you were with us on-site in San Francisco, you got the opportunity to talk with some our customers about their Workday experiences. Customer success is most important to us. So I will start there. In the third quarter we announced that Thomson Reuters brought Workday Live for 60,000 employees in 100 countries on a single day. We also announced in October that Sanofi, one of the largest companies in France, joined us as a brand-new Workday customer. Additionally, Diageo, the worlds leading premium drinks business, went live with the first phase of its Workday deployment in July. And Im also excited to share that Morgan Stanley, one of our largest financial services customers, went live on Workday for its entire employee population earlier this month. Workday now has more than 550 customers globally and of those approximately two-thirds are live on the system. At Workday Rising we announced a 97% customer satisfaction rate based on the most recent customer survey. This is a number we are certainly very proud of and we remain focused on maintaining super high levels of customer satisfaction as we continue to grow and bring companies live on Workdays broadening suite of applications. In the third quarter we announced the on-time general availability of Big Data Analytics. Workday recruiting is progressing as planned and we announced that we began building an entirely new application Workday Student to change the way colleges manage students from prospecting through graduation. We also remain extremely focused on broadening and scaling Workday Financial Management. I personally run monthly meetings with the Financials team bringing together the development, product management, marketing, services and sales leaders for the Financials product line to quickly solve issues and maintain the feeling of a fast moving startup much like we were in the early days of selling human capital management. In fact, sales grew nicely in the third quarter with 10 new financial management customers, our best quarter weve ever had for this suite. We have increased development resources in this area and we look forward to sharing more positive customer success stories as enterprises continue to move finance to the cloud. Finally, today we announced that Jerry Yang has joined the Workday Board of Directors. As a technology visionary and global business leader, Jerry has great perspective to offer and as we continue our global growth, he will be a tremendous asset to Workday. I will now turn it over to Mark.
Mark Peek: Thanks, Aneel, and good afternoon, everyone. We are very pleased with our financial results for the quarter and with the progress we have made in our product and market expansion. In the third quarter, we generated record quarterly revenues continued to make progress towards profitability and added more than 50 new customers, including eight Global 2000 customers and 10 new Financials customers. We are also very pleased with the attendance and excitement at our Annual User Conference, Workday Rising in September. The event was a big success with more than 3,500 attendees compared to 2,500 last year. During the quarter, our Big Data Analytics solution became generally available and we are making significant progress building out our Financials solution. Were also on track for the release of our recruiting product in the spring of 2014. Operationally, we continue to execute well as we expand our footprint globally. We have made significant investments in our data centers, new product initiatives and expansion of our office facilities to accommodate our growth. We are able to fund these investments because our business model continues to prove itself from a cash flows perspective and we continue to make progress on our non-GAAP operating margin, although, this is clearly a secondary objective to growth and new customer acquisition. Fundamental to our business model is the belief that once we win a customer, we keep a customer for years beyond the initial subscription period. This is driven by a combination of the importance of the application to our customers business, our frequent updates with meaningful features, functionality and improved ease-of-use, and of course, very high customer satisfaction. Our balance sheet remains strong with nearly $1.3 billion of cash and marketable securities and over $350 million of unearned revenue. We are pleased with our accomplishments and want to thank our employees, our partners and our customers. Now Ill walk you through the financial details of our third quarter. Total revenues for the third quarter were $127.9 million, an increase of 76% from a year ago. The vast majority of our sales are currently in U.S. dollars so the impact of exchange rates is minimal. Subscription revenues for our cloud applications were $93.9 million, up 82% from last year. As subscription revenues are recognized ratably, our revenue growth represents the service we have provided to our more than 550 customer. The weighted average duration of new contracts signed in our third quarter was approximately 3.4 years. As a reminder, we focus our selling efforts on and have a preference for three-year terms on contracts. We believe we will have very high renewal rates and that the economics of shorter term contracts are better for us in the long run. Professional Services revenue was $33.9 million, an increase of 61% compared to last year. Our primary objective with our Services business is to maximize customer satisfaction and is therefore not a primary revenue growth driver. The accelerating rate of growth in Professional Services is largely due to increased activity from financial customer engagements including platform customers who have purchased both HCM and Financials product. We anticipate an increased percentage of middle market and Financials customers will migrate to our partner ecosystem over time as we experience with HCM customer engagements. Total unearned revenue at quarter end was $352 million, up 8% sequentially, and 40% from a year ago. Over 90% of our unearned revenue was from subscription fees. Short-term unearned revenue was $279 million, an increase of 13% sequentially and 70% from last year. Long-term unearned revenue was $72 million, down 7% sequentially and down 17% from last year. As we have discussed in the past, as our balance sheet strengthened during our fiscal 2013, we changed our sales compensation structure to deemphasize multiple year upfront cash collection, which was previously used to finance the business. So the percentage of the contract build upfront is typically lower than in the periods prior to the change. This change negatively impacts comparisons to our unearned revenue, calculated billings and cash flows, but we believe it improves the long-term economics of our business. During the third quarter that trend continued and on average we collect just over a year of the total contract value. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, the strength of our business model and continued momentum provide very good revenue visibility and we expect a solid fourth quarter. Total revenues for the fourth quarter are expected to be within a range of $133 million to $138 million or growth of 63% to 69% as compared to the prior year. Subscription revenue is anticipated to be within a range of $105 million to $108 million, effecting year-over-year growth of 76% to 81%. When we report our fourth quarter results, we expect to provide revenue and operating margin guidance for our fiscal year ending January 2015. However, as we develop our operating plans for next year, we are building our investment and hiring model assuming approximately 50% revenue growth for fiscal 2015. With respect to derived billings or the sum of revenue and the change in unearned revenue, we now expect the total for the current fiscal year will be no more than $570 million and we expect the first quarter of fiscal 2015 to be down sequentially from the fourth quarter of the current fiscal year and approximately flat to this current third quarter. Lets spend a few minutes on operating expenses and our results of operations. Unless otherwise noted all references to our expenses in operating results are on a non-GAAP basis, which are reconciled on the tables posted on our IR website. We had just under 2,400 employees as of the end of our fiscal third quarter. Last quarter, I mentioned that we were a bit disappointed that we had been unable to hire to our operating plan, but that we were expecting to make up for lost ground and we have. We not only caught up to our hiring plan as of the end of the third quarter but we increased our hiring budget for the remainder of the fiscal year, approximately two-thirds of our expenses are employee related. As you consider, our operating expenses for our fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal 2015, it is important to know that were ramping hiring across geographies and plan to make significant investments in our market expansion efforts. Our third quarter gross margin was 64%, up 68 basis points from the second quarter. The subscription gross margin was 81.6% and includes the cost related to providing our cloud applications, compensation and related expenses for operation staff and data center networking and depreciation. The subscription gross margin improved 122 basis points sequentially, due largely to increased sales volumes and scale efficiencies. We expect subscription revenue will increase as a percentage of total revenue over time and that our gross margin will likely fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. Our professional services gross margin increased 432 basis points sequentially, driven by strong utilization rates of our consultants and a concerted drive by our customers to go live before year end. We expect utilization rates and the professional services gross margin to decrease in the fourth quarter, driven by normal holiday season slowing. Were also continuing to invest in programs to ensure ongoing customer success post deployment and to support implementation of new products as they are brought to market. Our third quarter operating loss was $19.9 million or a negative 15.6%. This was significantly better than we had anticipated and largely a result of the operating leverage received on increased revenue in the very strong professional services margins. Although, long-term profitability and cash flow generation are important goals, we believe our focus today needs to be on market expansion, continued product innovation and growth. Product development expense in the third quarter was $41.9 million, up 12% sequentially and up 57% from a year ago. We continue to invest in our product development for new solutions, as well as strengthening and extending our suite of HR, Payroll and in particular, financial management applications. Our HR and financial management applications are enterprise systems of record at the core of our customers business. Were building solutions for large complex global enterprises and we believe continued investment in our applications will be a key driver of future growth. Sales and marketing expense was $49.4 million, up 17% sequentially and up 56% from last year. Our customer outreach programs were very active during the quarter, including Workday Rising, HR Tech and various other tradeshows and customer events. General and administrative expense was $10.4 million, up only slightly from Q2 and up 28% year-over-year. In Q3 of last year, we ramped up our IPO and made significant investments to build staff levels to support a growing public company. The net loss per share was $0.12 on 174 million weighted average shares. Given our net loss, all outstanding stock options, warrants and common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive and not included in the loss per share calculation. Taking into account, our adjustments to GAAP operating income that Mike referenced at the start of the call, we currently expect our fiscal fourth quarter non-GAAP operating margin to be within a range of a negative 17% to 21% of total revenue and for the year to be approximately negative 20% to 21%. The GAAP operating margin for the fiscal fourth quarter is expected be 16 to 18 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margin, and the full year 2014 GAAP operating margin is expected be approximately 13 to 14 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP operating margin. Other expenses increased in the quarter to $1.1 million, due primarily to having a full quarter of interest expense associated with our convertible notes offering issued in June. For your modeling, our quarterly non-GAAP interest expense from the converts is approximately $1.6 million. From a GAAP perspective, the Q4 interest expense, including approximately $5.8 million of non-cash amortizations, reflecting the discount and issuance cost is approximately $7.4 million. The interest payments on the notes are made during our fiscal second and fourth quarters. Now on to our balance sheet and statements of cash flows. Cash and marketable securities at quarter end were nearly $1.3 billion, down $12 million sequentially. Operating cash flows were $7.1 million for the third quarter and $17.4 million for the trailing 12 months. Free cash flows for the third quarter were a negative $9.7 million and for the trailing 12-months a negative $41 million, as we continue to build out data centers and expand our office space. We think looking at cash flows on a trailing 12-month basis is a better indicator of progress than quarterly results, as cash flows can be volatile quarter-to-quarter. As a reminder when calculating free cash flows, we conservatively subtract the gross value of all equipment even when acquired under capital leases, so we can evaluate our progress on free cash flows independent of our capital financing decisions. We anticipate total CapEx of approximately $75 million for fiscal 2014. To summarize, were very pleased with our solid third quarter. Looking ahead, were investing for the long-term and see a very large opportunity in front of us. You should expect us to continue to make significant investments in our product development and global market expansion to maximize our long-term growth opportunities. With that, lets begin the Q&A process.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of John DiFucci from JP Morgan. Please proceed.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan: Aneel and Mark, can you talk a little bit more about those 10 new financial management customers and a little bit about their character, are there any public companies in there of any Fortune 1000s and maybe verticals?
Aneel Bhusri: No, there are no Fortune 1000s. In terms of the names, we cant disclose those right now. But I would consider them to be a combination of well-known educational institutions and medium-size corporations.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan: Okay. Great. And if I might just a quick follow-up on the services and Mark, I think you mentioned that the financial customers and a big uptick this quarter and that actually affected the professional services. Is that because its sort of relatively new out there and the partners still have to comp to speed and helping customers with the Financials solutions or is there something else there?
Aneel Bhusri: Yeah, I will take that, John. We are at the stage with our financial products as we are ramping up new functionality quickly and bringing out new capabilities. We just wanted to stay closer to this first wave of a very large deployment. Weve got about -- I think about 25 customers live and weve got another wave coming online of bigger companies, and we wanted to just make sure we were connecting services back to our development organization. And having a bigger footprint until a product really is a mature product the way the HCM product is.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan: So even in the guidance and I think the top end of the guidance anyway implies for Financials -- Im sorry, for the professional services, was at about the same rate. So, when do you think youll start to see that I guess come down a bit?
Mark Peek: Well, John, this is Mark. Part of the guide for the fourth quarter really reflects the fact that we have some seasonality in the fourth quarter with the holiday season and so were not expecting the sequential uptick that we might normally get. But I wouldnt expect professional services revenues to decline significantly over time. As we continue to build the business at more customers, we are still doing HCM customers as well as Financials customers and more and more customers that are in the middle market is what we will take prime on those.
John DiFucci - JP Morgan: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot and impressive job this quarter, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: Just wanted to follow-up on Financials. Question is do they already tend to be HCM customers, maybe breakdown between the 10 new adds you added this quarter? And then also in terms of the sales process to Financials and HCM customers, is the approach different? Are you often pitching them together and just in general, what are the synergies between the two sales approaches for Financials and HCM?
Aneel Bhusri: So we are not going to break them down by where they came from. But in terms of the synergies, there is quite a bit of synergies for companies, the administrative function of HR and finance work very closely together in most businesses. So the synergies are obviously very high. We have really three focus or three organizations focusing on selling Financials. We have our mid-market and they sell it as a suite. This is the 1,000, and the 3,000 segment. We then have a Financials-only sales organization that sells the 3,000 and above. And all they do is sell Financials, live or die by selling Financials and then the E&G organization sells Financials with HR, as a dedicated industry business unit. And in the last quarter, all three did well.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. And then, also -- last quarter you talked about focusing more on the 1,000 to 3,000 employee segment, just hoping for an update there, maybe in sales headcount you added or customers you added?
Mark Peek: Yeah. We are not breaking out specifically the way that we are segmenting our go-to market, but we continue to have really good traction in the mid-market accounts. And its also reflected frankly in the professional services revenues that we saw this quarter where we did more of the primes on of the mid-market, as we build out the IP for that part of market as well.
Aneel Bhusri: And just to be clear, we started the direct sales focus on 1,000 to 3,000 a while ago. We just highlighted the last quarterly update.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill from UBS. Please proceed.
Brent Thill - UBS: Thanks. Mark, just when you look at ASPs for the past -- versus the past, I know, its hard, gives a lot of metrics. Can you just maybe give us a sense of what youre seeing as you roll these new solutions, in terms of your initial ASP and how you see the user accounts trending, just give us a high level sense of what these look like? And I know everyone respects that you guys are kind of keeping some of the cards close to your vest, but if you can just help us understand how you are seeing that playing out, we would appreciate that?
Mark Peek: Yeah. Brent, its -- yes, I dont think its not so much how we are disclosing the information. Its just that we have a really -- a real broad diversity of customers in our customer base from the very largest global enterprises Fortune 500 companies to companies with as few as a thousand people and so when we look at overall ASPs we take into -- really into account the discounting levels that we have in place off of our pricing algorithms. And I  the thing I will say is that we are very disciplined and continue to make progress with respect to the discounting that we have. But that said it varies really from geography to geography and from market to market, as well as competitive dynamics and so its just hard to peg a, if you will an average revenue per headcount for Workday and it is just as partly the diversity of our customer base.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, I would say, the ASPs in general are impacted by the new product introductions and theyre all doing well and we expect good things out of recruiting coming into next year. In the case of the government business unit, we tend to sell HR and Financials together in one sales cycle, so thats a very positive driver as well. So the ASPs are impacted both by discounting, but also by the growing product portfolio, which we are beginning to really see the benefits from.
Brent Thill - UBS: Okay. Aneel, if I can follow up just quickly on higher education, it seems like given the legacy there in terms of your success in that market, can you just give us a sense of what -- how that is -- how you are having an impact there and it seems like you are seeing an uptick a little bit faster maybe then some of the other verticals or maybe Im misreading that?
Aneel Bhusri:  So there is two pieces to it. About three years ago, we started building out specific HR and Financials capabilities for the education and government marketplace and they have unique requirements in the case of Financials. There are things like grants that you have to cover and we have built that. And then at Rising we announced the student system initiative that really Dave is driving and we have got great reception to that initiative and we have, I think, eight design partners now signed up who are actively involved and helping us shape that product line. So, I think its a great test bed for Workday diving deeper into an industry and given PeopleSoft heritage and Daves heritage, higher ED is a great place for us to start.
Brent Thill - UBS: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross McMillan from Jefferies. Please proceed.
Ross McMillan - Jefferies: Okay. And Aneel, I wondered if you could just talk a little bit about the Big Date Analytics product and where are you seeing the sort of early adoption, what sort of data is being brought into that from external sources? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: Its interesting. It really started out as a platform that was being sold with HR but as we started to gain traction with Financials, the used cases are frankly far broader and more powerful Financials. So you couldnt imagine any kind of data that is being created we can effectively store. So, I would say, if you look at the early customers, those are mostly HR used cases, the two that we announced, Spectrum and the McKee Foods are both using it for HR cases, bringing in third-party either compensation data or third-party data from other transactional systems. So those will be the typically used cases. When we get into the Financials world people are looking at a lot of things around customer profitability, segmentation, industry segmentation, geographic segmentation and those used cases, frankly, are still developing right now. The products really been only available for a few months, so we are learning along with the customers.
Ross McMillan - Jefferies: Would you expect standalone sales with Big Data Analytics or is it always going to be in tandem with another application you sell?
Aneel Bhusri: For the time being I will expect its always in tandem with either the HR suite or the Financial suite and ideally with both suites. The ideal situation, which I think, we will see more and more of this people will just buy the full HR suite, the full Finance suite and then the Big Data piece actually effectively becomes their enterprise warehouse
Ross McMillan - Jefferies: Yeah.
Aneel Bhusri:  as opposed to just an HR warehouse or a Financial warehouse.
Ross McMillan - Jefferies: Okay. Thats great. And maybe just one quick follow-up for Mark. Just wanted to make sure I had this, so your comment on Q1, I think it was with reference to billings and you said it will be down sequentially and about flat with the Q3 numbers, did I hear that correctly?
Mark Peek: Yeah. Thats correct.
Ross McMillan - Jefferies: Okay.
Mark Peek: Down sequentially from. Q4. 
Ross McMillan - Jefferies: Yeah. Thanks very much. Great job, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karen Russillo from Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Karen Russillo - Wells Fargo: Hi. Thank you. In the past you guys have talked a little bit -- you talked about when you came up with the recruiting product and product that that was in response to requests from customers that were -- that wanted you to develop this product, coming out of Workday Rising, can you kind of give us a feel for what the early read looks like for you and how we should think about that next year, is this going to be something that you expect to ramp even faster than the Financials product?
Aneel Bhusri: Its hard to compare. I think the -- that buying pattern around recruiting will be tied to existing HR customers that generally have a recruiting system and are looking at retiring that legacy either on premise or cloud system. The reception at Rising was fantastic and its not just because its Workday does recruiting, its because we really rethought and re-imagined recruiting around two core concepts, we thought about it from a managers perspective and we thought about it from mobile perspective. And as a result it doesnt look like any traditional recruiting system, it looks like the recruiting system you built like we did with a clean sheet of paper. It hits the market in the spring as a first release, but I suspect that people wont really use it to retire legacy until the following August release. So, I could see customers signing up for the subscription in the early half of next year but not really taking it into production until your August update is out and that August update largely will be or that late summer update will largely be a good platform for replacement of legacy and other odd demand recruiting systems.
Karen Russillo - Wells Fargo: Okay. Great. Congratulations on the quarter.
Aneel Bhusri: And I was going to say, I expect a pretty high attach rate of new sales with recruiting once it viewed as a core module.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Lowe Swanson from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Jon Parker - Morgan Stanley: This is Jon Parker calling in for Jennifer. I want to echo everyone elses comment great quarter guys and great results out there. Maybe just first question from me, can you talk a little bit about the competitive environment, I mean, clearly your results are showing that, you guys are continuing to totally rise to the top, but obviously, you have some competitors that have been, talking about their products and SAP with SuccessFactors and sort of traction there. So help me what you are seeing in the environment any, just help, you are holding pricing tight but any changes you are hearing out there will be great?
Aneel Bhusri: I dont think we are seeing anything new in the competitive environment. I think the only thing thats changing is we are beginning to get real traction with Financials and either the legacy vendors really has a solution built for medium and large companies for Financials and the cloud, with a few cloud architecture. So, we are translating our success in HR and moving it into Financials and then in the HR world nothing has really changed, its the same too and ultimately at the lower end of the market and their tactics really havent changed and the products are not changing quickly enough.
Jon Parker - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then maybe for, Mark, I know you guys havent really had a major renewal cycle come up at given sort of the duration of your contract and higher revenue but I think as we think head into 2014, we start to see that base of renewal start to pick up a little bit? Im kind of curious how you guys are thinking about the opportunity in your base, given all the new products you guys are having in the market and how you are thinking about getting your sales guys aligned, with those renewals, so any commentary you could provide us, it helping us thinking about that opportunity? How you guys are going to capitalize that would be great as well? Thanks a lot.
Mark Peek: Sure. The renewals will, as you pointed out will continue to ramp just as we move forward in our maturity as a company. But that said, its still small relative to net new customers and new bookings. But as we look at renewals with customers, one thing to keep in mind is that we keep really strong engagement with our customer base throughout the life of the contract with them and so we are consistently communicating with them, our customer network is really strong, our customers actually collaborate together and work well together. And so we dont see the renewal cycle necessarily as a single opportunity to sell new things to our customers because we always have contact with them and they have a good connection with what we are doing as a company and the new products that we have.
Jon Parker - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Goldmacher from Cowen. Please proceed.
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen: Hi. Thanks. Hey, just a quick question on the billings number, that billing number was, I think a lot stronger than we are all thinking about. Can you help us understand some of the parts and plan that number like the -- now that I think youve anniversaried the wholesale chip and invoice duration and maybe the impact of some large deals and quantify, if there will be were larger deals or if you are seeing deal sizes pick up, you talked a little bit earlier about more product impacting deal sizes positively, if any more details would be great?
Mark Peek: Sure. Well, Peter, when we guided last quarter, we had indicated billings to be approximately flat to the second quarter which would have indicated mid 70s percent growth. We continue to see a trend of having closer to one year ACV on cash upfront and certainly billings has impacted by that. But this quarter to an extent may have been slightly above where it was in the second quarter and had some modest impact on overall billings. But it was really just a trend around volumes during the quarter with the number of customers that we had. And were seeing more of a steady state on looking at ACV, or looking at billings and trying more closely to ACV. That said, it will take a couple of years before it sort of cleanly flushes out because we did have contracts a year or two years ago in which all three years were included upfront. And its going to be a bit volatile from quarter-to-quarter.
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen:  Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard from Citigroup. Please proceed.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup: Hi. Thanks. Mark, Im wondering if could talk just a little bit about your hiring plans as you go in Q4 here and look out at next year. Should we think about a ramp up to build a lot of capacity, or do you feel like you have got a lot of capacity you need on board here to start fiscal 2015 at the level you would like?
Mark Peek: Walter, well continue to hire in the fourth quarter and through the fourth quarter and into the first quarter for next fiscal year, particularly internationally. As you know, our focus from one of the key initiatives that we have from a go-to market perspective is our expansion in Europe and in Asia-Pacific. And to that extent, well be hiring at your levels that are above, maybe were from a productivity or efficiency perspective you might expect in a more mature market like we have in North America. I thin, our guidance for Q4 reflects -- on operating margin reflects our headcount plans. And then, as we exit the fourth quarter and I talked to you about our results for the full fiscal year, well talk more about fiscal 15 and our expectations rounds some of our investments.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup: And then just for Aneel on the professional services side with Financials. Im wondering, do you need to sort of bring on new partners, or new practices within partners that you have or where they are relationships that you may have to still build at this point, or do you have the relationships in place either with existing partners or existing folks at those partners to be able to ramp the professional services relationships on the financial side? 
Mark Peek: I would say, for the most part, were just going to our existing partners and they are very excited about our financial products. Were not really needing to add any new partners. They are just building a sister practice for Financials. It is a different skill set. They might seed it with one or two Workday. People that know the HR product just from a technology perspective, but generally they are bringing in accounting people into the mix and they are all ramping nicely.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow from Barclays. Please proceed.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays: Hey, thanks. Just following on the hiring comments, just talk me through, how you are planning to ramp up the guys on the Financials side of the business. You mentioned earlier Aneel that you have like a specialized sales force there. But given where the product is and at the Analyst Day, you were not quite sure when you kind of basically hit that margin and where you see the acceleration. How do I have to think about like your plans on filling that out, are you just pre-hiring basically at the moment full gear? And then, just by the time they get productive anyway, then your product is ready or how do I have to think about that process? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, the product is ready. The product has been ready for a bid. Its about what markets they can go into. So, today, a mid-market services company, mid-sized company, up to several billion dollars in revenues, we are a great solution for them. Were a great solution for education and government institutions. The scalability project that we had undertaken a year and a half ago is now two-thirds of the way done. For a global Fortune 500 company, were not there yet and thats probably a year way. But there is a big chunk of the market that is available to us today, which is why were beginning to get fraction. We have -- by the end of last quarter I think we had 25 live customers. We will at least hopefully double that by the end of next year. Its not a lot higher than that. So, its more about like HR, we started out in the mid-market and we moved up market. Were doing the same with Financials, so its a market ready product today. And as our product adds more scalability, adds more functionality, the sales people just call on bigger and bigger customer. So they are not really just hanging out, they are out there being productive today.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays: Okay. Perfect. And so the guys that they are selling at the moment, they are just kind of basically scale them up into the bigger accounts when you are ready for that. 
Mark Peek: Yes. And we have some flagship big accounts. We had announced J.B. Hunt a while ago and were working on their deployment as the customer. So, when we see a customer thats a good fit for where our product will be in the next 12 months and we have a reasonable chance to sign them, our sales people will go out and sign those today. In the case of higher education, we already have some very large institutions live -- Brown is live on Financials as an example. So, in education and government in particular, we are already well into the larger organization in that marketplace.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays: Perfect. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Got it. Okay. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle from Pacific Crest Securities. Please proceed.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks so much. Aneel, I wanted to follow-up on Walters question on professional services. Weve seen a lot of SaaS companies over the last year, had some challenges and not have enough capacity for all the demand in terms of new deals that they are selling. You guys have seemingly kept on top of that. How you been able to stay on top of that and how do you continue to plan around that given the high volume of new deals you are signing? 
Aneel Bhusri: Well, Id say there are two pieces. We do a very rigorous job planning with our partners about bringing people online whether its extension -- Accenture or Deloitte or IBM or PWC. We plan with them about the capacity. We need them to bring online to help us scale the ecosystem. Our smaller boutique vendors are doing the same, day nines of the world, the appearance of the world. Theyre all doing a great job ramping up. Id say, the unique part of Workday is that, we have a great team and a great leader in Jim Bozzini and an orientation that we will fill in the gaps wherever we need to. Jim ran us a 4,000 person professional services organization at PeopleSoft and thats not our goal. But when we need to flex up to meet the demand, we will flex up and we know how to bring on people very quickly. And we measure the company and measure the success based on the customer satisfaction rating. And so, we get a sense of when the ecosystem might be running a little thin on new resources and at that point, well flex up our ability as well to fill the gap.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: So that leads to my final question for Mark. Mark, the initial outlook for next year is terrific, thats very helpful. But as we think about the services fees, would you expect that, that business growth about at the rate that was this past year? Should we start to think about some deceleration in that growth, given its not necessarily what you want to have as a longer term emphasis?
Aneel Bhusri: I think that -- and again, well get a little bit more into guidance for the full year when we talk to again at the end of February or early March. But I would expect it to grow at a little slower rate uncertainly in fiscal 15 than it grew this year. And that said, we are going to expect it to -- as a business to likely grow sequentially once we get through the Q4 seasonality. I think that, as we look ahead to fiscal 15 and do our planning, and as I mentioned in the guidance, we expect billings for the first quarter to be down sequentially from the fourth quarter. And so we expect really the seasonality to really to follow that curve and be a little bit different than it has been historically just really reflective of the fact -- that of our size at this point. And so we dont expect sequential increases in Q1, for example, in billings as we had last year.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis from Canaccord. Please proceed.
Richard Davis - Canaccord: Hey, thanks very much. Aneel, I know you have your kind of API partners in relationships with ISVs, talk about just kind of how you think about market -- going to market at all with other ISVs. And the genesis of the question was that was at Dreamforce along with 120,000 my closest friends. And I know that you guys had a small booth, but it doesnt seem like youre super tight with the Salesforce and other than just both of you guys are cloud. But I was just trying to kind of get a sense of how you think about partnerships with other ISVs? I know you work with service providers, but just how that fits in your thinking? Thanks. 
Mark Peek: Well, I would consider ourselves very closed to Salesforce. We dont have a big booth there because they are not HR and finance people coming to Dreamforce, right. There is some IT folks, but its largely CRM folks and some IT. It doesnt map perfectly to our buyer. We tend to do well at the HR, at the HR shows and at the finance shows. But we have a presence there because of the partnership with Salesforce. I think, when you look at the partnership we have with them and theyre first and foremost as an ISV partner. Its all about integration costs out of the equation for customers and making sure that our systems work together seamlessly. It is the same with Cornerstone when we partner for learning. We basically try to do some of the integration work in a prepackaged way and that shows how the cloud is. The cloud is very different than the on premise systems. The cloud vendors, all are looking to interoperate to make the customer lives easier and that really is the key message. And that interoperability will extend to collaboration systems like Dropbox over time and Box and others. I think we live in a world of APIs and the Workdays and Salesforces get that because weve grown up at the same time as the consumer Internet, the legacy guys dont get that
Richard Davis - Canaccord: Great. No -- thats helpful. Thanks very much.
Mark Peek: Operator, were going to take two more, please.
Operator: We will now take two more questions. Your next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Mark Murphy - Piper Jaffray: Yes. Thank you. Aneel, when you dissect the booking strength thats being reported here for Q3, to what extent would you attribute it to a greater volume of net new core HR purchases, and to what extent would you possibly attributed to an upward inflection in the attach rates of all of your various add-on modules?
Aneel Bhusri: I think Mark is quite better to answer that question. Mark?
Mark Peek: I think really its a combination of both, certainly as we have more geographic expansion and you saw it by the announcement of Sanofi this quarter. We have broader market to play and so were just getting more net customers. But on top of that, we have strong attach rates with products like Time Tracking, like Payroll and our largest quarter for new financial customer. So it really is a combination, but most of our new customers I think we may have had one Financials-only customer this quarter. Most of our new customers include HCM then with some attachment on top of it.
Mark Murphy - Piper Jaffray: And Mark, just as a quick follow-up. Are you still viewing Payroll as your number one add-on module and whether you are or not, can you comment on from which vendors are you displacing Payroll business? And if you could specifically comment on ADP and Oracle and SAP, and maybe any other Payroll vendors that you think are relevant to that discussion? Thank you.
Mark Peek: So, I would say Payroll is still is our number one attach product but in many cases I dont even think of it as attach product because its part of a core HR Payroll sale that includes taking out both of those legacy systems. The top two systems were taking out not surprisingly are the two legacy vendors of SAP and Oracle and Oracle representing PeopleSoft. In the case of ADP, from time to time well replace them but we also have a good partnership with them and its really a market segmentation, if the customer wants full outsourced Payroll including cutting checks and tax filings, but we dont do that part, we just do the software piece. If they are larger and/or already running Payroll in-house either on PeopleSoft, Oracle or SAP Payroll, then we tend to be a really good replacement. So, Id say ADP is at sometimes a competitor, sometimes a friend, weve won business together, weve replaced them, I dont what they would say about us, but I think they hopefully would say the same things. Most of the time, when Payroll in the large companies were replacing one of the legacy vendors.
Mark Murphy - Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Derrick Wood from Susquehanna Information Group. Please proceed.
Derrick Wood - Susquehanna Information Group: Great. Thanks. I guess another question on the billings growth upside, have you seen any change in terms of the time to ramp the productivity for new reps?
Aneel Bhusri: Not significant change, certainly as the Salesforce gets more experience and has longer tenure, the existing reps are more productive. But with respect to new reps, its about the same. We have very rigorous training for our reps and in the sales cycles and in this business along.
Derrick Wood - Susquehanna Information Group: Okay. And then one other, youve seen pretty impressive leverage on the G&A side about 8% of revenue in the quarter? I guess anything particularly thats driving that thats pretty impressive for a high growth company and should we think that 8% level could be a good medium-term run rate from here?
Mark Peek:  Yes. Since most of G&A reports to me and I havent submitted my budget yet, Im not going to make a commitment with my boss sitting next to me on 8%. I think part of it was just, a year ago we were gearing up the IPO and to be a public company and so as a result in G&A we had a relatively easy comp.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, and we run our Workday which makes things a lot more cost effective.
Mark Peek: Thats, yeah, thats really true.
Derrick Wood - Susquehanna Information Group: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Peek: Okay, everyone. Thank you very much.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in todays earnings call. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2013-08-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Aneel Bhusri  Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Office Mark S. Peek  Chief Financial Officer Mike Haase - VP Finance, Treasurer and Investor Relations
Analysts:  John DiFucci  JPMorgan Heather Bellini  Goldman Sachs Jennifer Lowe  Morgan Stanley Robert Chen  Citigroup Joe del Callar  Cowen & Company Jason Maynard  Wells Fargo Brendan Barnicle  Pacific Crest Securities Pat Walravens  JMP Securities Brent Thill  UBS Steve Koenig  Wedbush Securities Brad Reback  Stifel Nicolaus  
Operator: Welcome to Workday's Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. With that, Ill hand it over to Mike Haase.
Michael Haase: Welcome to Workday's second quarter fiscal 2014 earnings conference call. On the call we have Aneel Bhusri, our Chairman and Co-CEO; and Mark Peek, our CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will take questions.  Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-K for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures which are used as measures of Workdays performance should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or an isolation from GAAP results. Our non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of stock-based compensation and for the fiscal first and second quarters of 2014, also exclude employer payroll taxes on employee stock transactions. Our non- GAAP measures for the second fiscal quarter of 2014 also excludes non-cash interest expense associated with our convertible notes. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. Also, the customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated at the beginning of each month. Any additional customers will be listed on our session guide for Workday Rising at workdayrising.com.  The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Our third quarter quiet period begins at the close of business October 17, 2013. Unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2013. Finally, our Analyst Day will be held September 10th in San Francisco and will be webcast.  With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thanks Mike. In the second quarter we executed well. Notably, we crossed the 500 customer mark as we continued to grow our business across North America, Europe and Asia. We remain extremely focused on maintaining the industry's highest levels of customer success and fostering our unique employee culture of fun and innovation as we expand our workforce around the world. We believe happy employees equal happy customers and we are thrilled that in the second quarter our employees voted us the number one Top Workplace in the Large Company Category in the most recent Bay Area News Group survey. This is the second time our employees have voted us the number one best place to work during the fiscal year.  In just two weeks from now more than 3,000 attendees will join us in San Francisco for our seventh Annual Customer Conference Workday Rising. At Workday, it's our customers that drive much of our innovation and we're looking forward to learning from them and celebrating with them in the weeks ahead. The development for Big Data analytics and recruiting is on track and [bakes in] our focus on bringing financial management applications to global Fortune 2000 continues to progress as planned. We'll share updates on these initiatives arising, along with results of annual customer satisfaction survey. I look forward to seeing many of you at our first Analyst Day in just a few weeks.  For now, I will turn over to Mark for look at our performance.
Mark Peek: Thanks Aneel and good afternoon everyone. I want to thank you for joining us this afternoon as we close out a very successful first half of fiscal 2014. We are very pleased not only with the financial results for the quarter, but also with the progress we have made in our product and market expansion.  In the second quarter we generated record quarterly revenues and billings, continued to make progress toward profitability, and strengthened our balance sheet with our convertible notes offerings. Operationally, we continued to execute well as we expand our footprint globally and have made significant investments in our data centers, new product initiatives and expansion of our office facilities to accommodate our growth.  We're able to fund these investments because our business model continues to prove itself from a cash flows perspective and we continue to make progress on our non- GAAP operating margins, although this is clearly a secondary objective to grow and new customer acquisition. Fundamental to our business model is the belief that once we win a customer, we keep a customer for years beyond the initial subscription period. This is driven by a combination of the importance of the application to our customers' business, our frequent updates with meaningful features, functionality and improved ease of use and of course very high customer satisfaction. Our balance sheet remains strong, with nearly $1.3 billion of cash and marketable securities and $326 million of unearned revenue. We raised $533 million in cash from our convertible notes offering net of issuance costs and the cost of related bond hedge and warrant transactions. We are pleased with our accomplishments in the first half of the year and want to thank our employees, our partners and our customers.  Now Ill walk you through the financial details of our second quarter. Total revenues for the second quarter were $107.6 million, an increase of 72% from a year ago. The vast majority of our sales are currently in U.S. Dollars, so the impact of exchange rates is minimal.  Subscription revenues for our cloud applications were $81.1, million up 92% from last year. As subscription revenues are recognized ratably, our revenue growth represents the services we have provided to our more than 500 customers. The weighted average duration of new contract signed in our second quarter was approximately 3.5 years, an increase from the prior two quarters and driven by a couple of large deals with five year terms. As a reminder, we focus our selling efforts on and have a preference for three year terms on contracts. We believe we will have very high renewal rates and that the economics of shorter term contracts are better for us in the long run. Our Professional Services revenue was $26.4 million, an increase of 29% compared to last year. Our primary objective with our services business is to maximize customer satisfaction and it is therefore not a primary revenue growth driver. As a reminder, Workday's strategy is to rely on systems integrator partners for the bulk of our customer deployments and we continue to be pleased with the adoption from our partner led deployments.  Total unearned revenue at quarter-end was $326 million, up 8% and 32% from a year ago. Over 90% of our unearned revenue is from subscription fees. Short-term unearned revenue was $247 million, an increase of 10% sequentially and 63% from last year. Long-term unearned revenue was $78 million, up 2% sequentially and down 18% from last year.  As we have discussed in the past, as our balance sheet strengthened during fiscal 2013, we changed our sales compensation structure to deemphasize multiple year upfront cash collection to finance the business. Though the percentage of the contract build upfront is less than in comparable periods from a year ago, this change negatively impacts the year-over-year comparisons to our unearned revenue, calculated billings and cash flows throughout the term of the initial customer arrangement. But we believe it improves the long-term economics of our business.  Looking ahead to the third quarter and our fiscal 2014, we are mindful about the challenging macroeconomics environment and the muted expectations for IT spending, particularly when you consider that unlike much of the IT industry, we do not have a U.S. federal customer base to level our Q3. However, the strength of our business model and continued momentum provides very good revenue visibility and we expect a solid third quarter.  Total revenues for the third quarter are expected to be within a range of $115 million to $118 million, a growth of 58% to 62% as compared to the prior year. Subscription revenue is anticipated to be within a range of $88 million to $91 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 71% to 76%.  Last quarter, we provided color regarding our expectation of sequential calculated billing increases in Q3 and Q4. Given the strength of our Q2 billing, we anticipate Q3 will be flat to Q2 and expect a strong seasonal increase in Q4.  We anticipate total fiscal 2014 revenues of approximately $436 million to $446 million or growth of approximately 59% to 63%. Subscription revenue is anticipated be within a range of $337 million to $343 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 77% to 80%. The guidance assumes Professional Services revenue to decrease seasonally in Q4 from Q3 as a result of the year-end holidays.  Let's spend a few minutes on operating expenses and our results of operation. Unless otherwise noted, all references to our expenses in operating results on a non- GAAP basis, which are reconciled in the press release tables and posted on our IR website. Our total headcount was 2,120 people as of the end of the fiscal second quarter and includes significant hiring across our international markets. For the current fiscal year, we continue to anticipate adding more people than we did last year as we build out our global market expansion efforts and product development teams. Approximately two-thirds of our total expenses are employee related.  As you consider our operating expenses in the second half of the year, it's important to know that we're ramping hiring across geographies. In fact, during the first week of the third quarter, we welcomed over 70 new employees to the Workday family, our largest weekly starting class ever.  Our second quarter gross margin was 63.3%, up 219 basis points from the first quarter, driven largely by our subscription revenues growing faster than professional services as well as higher subscription gross margins. Although we expect the subscription mix will continue to increase as a percentage of total revenue, we anticipate our gross margin to potentially fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter as we invest in programs to ensure ongoing customer success post deployment and to support implementation of new products as they arrive to market.  The second quarter subscription gross margin was 80.4% and includes the costs related to providing our cloud applications, compensation and related expenses for operation staff and data center networking and depreciation. The subscription gross margin improved 179 basis points sequentially, due largely to increased volumes and scale efficiencies.  Our second quarter operating loss was $21.7 million or negative 20%. This was significantly better than we had anticipated and largely the result of the operating leverage received on increased revenue and pace of new higher starts coming later in the quarter and spilling over to the beginning of Q3. Although long-term profitability and cash flow generation are important goals, we believe our focus today needs to be on market expansion, continued product innovations and growth.  Product development expense in the second quarter was $37.4 million, up 9% sequentially and up 63% from a year ago. We continue to invest in our product development for new solutions such as recruiting and big data analytics, as well as strengthening and extending our suite of HR, payroll and in particular financial management applications. Our HR applications are enterprise systems of record at the core of our customers' business. We are building solutions for large, complex global enterprises and we believe continued investment in our applications will be a key driver for the future growth. Sales and marketing expense was $42.1 million, up 13% sequentially and up 44% from last year. The majority of our sales capacity added during the quarter was in our international markets. We plan to make significant additional investments over the next several years to leverage our global market expansion.  General and administrative expense was $10.3 million, up 12% sequentially and up 54% year-over-year.  The net loss per share was $0.13 on 173 million weighted average shares. Given our net loss, all outstanding stock options, warrants and common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive and not included in the loss per share calculation.  Taking into account our adjustments to GAAP operating income that Mike referenced at the start of the call, we currently expect our fiscal third quarter non- GAAP operating margin to be within a range of a negative 23% to 27% of total revenue and for the year to be approximately negative 22% to 26%. The GAAP operating margin for the fiscal third quarter is expected to be 16 to 18 percentage points lower than the non- GAAP margin and the full year 2014 GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 13 to 15 percentage points lower than the non- GAAP operating margin . Now on for our balance sheet and statement of cash flows. Cash and short-term investments at quarter-end were approximately $1.3 billion, up $489 million sequentially, driven largely by net proceeds of $533 million from our convertible debt offerings and associated bond hedge and warrant transactions. During the quarter, we issued two series of convertible notes, one for $350 million at a coupon of 75 basis points that matures in July 2018 and the other for $250 million at a coupon of 150 basis points that matures in July of 2020. We also entered into related bond hedge and warrant transactions that effectively provide dilution protection until our share price reaches approximately $108. As this occurs, we estimate that our share count would increase by approximately 7.3 million shares.  Other expenses increased in the quarter primarily as a result of interest expense associated with our convertible notes offering issued in June. For your modeling, our quarterly non- GAAP interest expense from the converts will be approximately $1.6 million. From a GAAP perspective, the quarterly interest expense, including approximately $5.8 million of non-cash amortizations reflecting the discount and issuance costs is $7.4 million.  Operating cash flows were negative $12.9 million for the second quarter and a positive $1 million for the trailing 12 months. As mentioned last quarter, our first quarter cash flows benefited from nearly $17 million of taxes and other remittances payable relating to stock option exercises in April. These items reversed in our second quarter and were a negative to Q2 cash flows. Adjusting for this, second quarter operating cash flows were approximately $4 million, with no impact on the trailing 12 months.  Free cash flows for the second quarter were negative $42.6 million and for the trailing 12 months, a negative $55.2 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter increased significantly as we build out our data center and expand our office space. Adjusting for the reversal of first quarter taxes related to stock option exercises, second quarter free cash flows would have been approximately a negative $26 million for the quarter. We think looking at cash flow on a trailing 12 months basis is a better indicator of progress than quarterly results, as cash flows can be volatile quarter-to-quarter. As a reminder, when calculating free cash flows, we conservatively subtract the gross value of all equipment, even when acquired under capital leases so we can evaluate our progress on free cash flows independent of our capital financing decisions. We anticipate total CapEx of approximately $80 million for fiscal 2014.  To summarize, we are very pleased with our solid second quarter. Looking ahead, were investing for the long-term and see a very large opportunity in front of us. You should expect us to continue making significant investments in our product development and global market expansion to maximize our long-term growth opportunities.  Thank you and we look forward to seeing many of you on September 10th at our Analyst Day in San Francisco. With that, let's begin the Q&A process.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of John DiFucci from JP Morgan. 
John DiFucci  JPMorgan: You have a lot of development projects going on right now, big data, international payroll, recruiting, but you just raised over $500 million with the converts. I guess what area should we be thinking about that are areas that you would consider acquiring technology? Youve only done one I think in your history with Cape Clear. But what other areas might you consider acquiring versus developing in-house? 
Aneel Bhusri: John, thanks for the question. Acquisitions are not a huge part of our strategy. And I think the Cape Clear acquisition is illustrative of the kinds of acquisitions we do really around core technologies that were things that we were not building at Workday. And there is a couple around, visualization as an example or technology and analytics that could be of interest, but theres nothing immediate on the radar. 
John DiFucci  JPMorgan: And just for Mark, a follow-up, I just want to clarify something. You said, I think you said Q3 billings will be flat in Q2. I just wonder, was that total billings? Because if I look over the last couple of years, you've actually seen a decline in total billings where -- or when I look at revenue plus change in total deferred. Or was that -- when I look at change in current deferred because you had some, youve been billing just annually more recently. That has been flat quarter-to-quarter the last couple of years
Mark Peek: Yeah. The color we gave, John, is for total billings and part of that is, as we have moved more towards just collecting one year of ACV on new contracts, things are beginning to flatten out over time. And so just as we looked at the seasonality versus last year, we think it's going to be approximately flat to the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. 
Heather Bellini  Goldman Sachs: I just had two questions, guys. The first, you mentioned the five year deals that you signed. Did some of those pay more than one year upfront? Because it seems like the outperformance on differed versus the street was more in long-term versus short-term. And then the second question is, can you give us an update, Aneel, on the top two add-on products in the quarter and who you think you're displacing with those wins? Thank you. 
Aneel Bhusri: Heather, on the billings, we had one five year deal that was eight figure and they did pay three years as the initial ACV which impacted the long-term unearned revenue.
Mark Peek: In terms of add-on products, we don't typically disclose any rank order. I do know we had a good quarter in terms of payroll, both as attach as part of core HR, as well as add-ons. At the rising Analyst Day, were going to get into a lot more detail about the new product initiatives and where you might see attachments going forward. And the new product initiatives are right on track and were very pleased with where they are today. Competitively, it's the same people. We're replacing Oracle SAP primarily on the HR side, some are handful of wins against Ultimate which are replacements as well. I think the only new one I would highlight is that as we're getting traction in financials and as we know the product is moving up market in the mid-market arena we're beginning to replace Microsoft Dynamics and all the different flavors. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Lowe with Morgan Stanley. 
Jennifer Lowe  Morgan Stanley: Aneel, maybe this one is for you. If you look at Oracle and SAP, they both had some challenges in Q2 and obviously you all had another strong result. As you look out in the marketplace, are there signs of delayed decisions or anything like that that you are seeing across the board that might explain some the weakness that you've seen in some of the competitors? Or do you feel like you're starting to see more competitive momentum versus those traditional years now that you've been in the market a little bit longer and do you start having more reference customers, those types of things? 
Aneel Bhusri: I think this is all tied to the mass of secular shift we're going through, the shift from client server to cloud. And what we see are big upgrades of legacy systems being delayed as customers evaluate the different cloud offerings. So I really think that its more secular shift than anything else.
Jennifer Lowe  Morgan Stanley: And then just a quick one for Mark. I think at the time of the IPO where you all had talked about was a five year target of seeing profitability on margins or I think 10% type margins in that timeframe, and clearly youre tracking ahead of that or youre tracking ahead of the guidance for this year. But on the other hand, now you have all this additional capital that youve raised with the convert which in theory should help extend that timeline in terms of starting to see more material cash flow profitability. So has there been any change in the thinking on that timeline given that you are sort keeping ahead of expectations right counterbalanced with the additional financial flexibility from the convert?
Aneel Bhusri: Yeah. We haven't made a significant shift in how we are thinking about when wed reach profitability. Id point out that this quarter the 20% negative margin result frankly was a little bit disappointing because it came partly as a result that we didn't hire up to where we had planned to hire and we think we're making progress and that we should catch up on that by the end of the year, and hence the guidance of operating margins being down sequentially in the third quarter. But right now our focus is completely on growth. It's on getting net new customers, our market expansion and it's on continued product developments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citigroup.
Robert Chen  Citigroup: Thanks. This is Robert Chen for Walter. Aneel, a question about the economics of the mid enterprise that is tracking the job postings. Weve noticed that a lot of your investments are going into that band of customers. Can you -- and I think hinted earlier that maybe you're seeing better cross sell with the financial product in that customer segment. Could you talk a little bit about the economics of that segment and the justifications for investment there? 
Aneel Bhusri: Yeah. So historically we had had a field organization that really could really hunt whatever deals that they wanted to hunt. And we got into a pattern of probably being too tied to the very large deals. And we also noticed that in the 1,000 to 3,000 category we were doing well, but we didn't have a focused sales effort there. We thought that that was a quick fold market to pursue as well. That's where we frankly end up replacing Ultimate quite often or beating Ultimate. That's where they typically sell to. So we've set up a dedicated sales organization I think a year and a half ago just to sell to the mid-market. We are pioneering some new implementation methodologies there to speed up the implementations and reduce the cost of the implementations.  Those are going quite well. And I would suspect that over time those methodologies drift their way up into the large marketplace, as well as since those customers also want to see faster and cheaper implementations. In that mid-market, the financials products are very much ready for prime time. And so, yeah, we're seeing the sale of the entire platform. I would say just as something of note for that market, if they can buy a full platform from one vendor, they will. They tend to choose platforms rather than having to piece together best of breed solutions. And so we've seen that pattern in the mid-market. And again, that's one of the reasons why were beginning to get some Microsoft Dynamics replacements as well on the financial side. 
Robert Chen  Citigroup: A question for Mark. I think last quarter you talked about some total billings guidance for the full year as not being over $530 million. Just wondering if you have any update to that here in light of the most recent quarter? 
Mark Peek: Yeah, we didn't -- although we didn't update the 5 -- the total of $530 million, I think it's safe given the performance in Q2 and that we expect flat in Q3 that will be up probably around $530 million or slightly ahead of it for the full year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Goldmacher with Cowen & Company.
Joe: Hi, guys. This is Joe for Peter. So we noticed that you are doing investments mostly in Internet, a lot in international. And so given that Europe has been SAPs success factor is home-based and Asia has recently been weak. How do you guys see the opportunity internationally over the near term? And what do you think of it in the future? Is it -- are you going to be primarily addressing U.S-based multinationals or are you addressing foreign multinationals as well? Thanks a lot. 
del Callar  Cowen & Company: Hi, guys. This is Joe for Peter. So we noticed that you are doing investments mostly in Internet, a lot in international. And so given that Europe has been SAPs success factor is home-based and Asia has recently been weak. How do you guys see the opportunity internationally over the near term? And what do you think of it in the future? Is it -- are you going to be primarily addressing U.S-based multinationals or are you addressing foreign multinationals as well? Thanks a lot. 
Aneel Bhusri: So we already are addressing foreign multinationals. We have a strong sales organization in Europe and we're building sales organization in Asia. And those sales organizations are very focused on the multinational companies based in those regions. Now I think just like the U.S and the rest of North America, Europe and Asia are going through the same secular trends, the shift from client server to the cloud. Probably two or three years behind in Europe, in Asia it's happening I think right as it happens in the U.S and in some cases in some markets in Asia theyre just skipping the last generation of technology and going straight to the cloud.  So were very bullish on both of those markets. Having said that, I do think that we see from time to time a deal get pushed or a deal get adjusted because of the economic uncertainties, in particular in Europe. But those are economic cycles that come and go and in general we see the same great market opportunities overseas as we do in North America. We probably see -- I don't think we see SAP more in Europe. I think we see them a lot in the U.S. and we see them a lot in Europe. I think we see Oracle less in Europe. We see Oracle more in the U.S. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo.
Jason Maynard  Wells Fargo: I have two questions for you. First up, I don't believe you gave the customer account financials, but any color you can provide us on what you saw during the quarter in terms of uptake around the financial applications. And then the second question is, Aneel, maybe talk a little bit what you're seeing in terms of bottlenecks to growth on the distribution side or things like that. Where do you feel you're at with your partners in terms of getting them ramped to provide obviously fulfillment capacity on implementations? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: So on financials, we don't update the customer account every quarter. We tend to do it around milestones. I would say we had a good quarter and everything is trending well on the financial products themselves and the sales organization, I'm going to give a more detailed overview about what's happening with the financial products, the ecosystem, the sales organization at the Analyst Day. So I don't want to steal my own thunder. So just stay tuned for that piece. In terms of the gating items for growth, Mark covered one of those, is continually finding the best and brightest people and we are a little bit behind on hiring. I think we've done a good job on sales hiring. Were now into the areas where we're hiring people that are not necessarily ERP veterans, but people from other technology companies that we're doing a lot of the training ourselves. On the ecosystem's side, it's been nice over the last 12 months to see the investments coming in from Accenture and Deloitte. Deloitte has been there from the early days, but Accenture has really stepped up. So has IBM, so has PWC. And Towers Watson continues to be a big investor. We've always had a great stable of boutiques, but now the big firms are beginning to invest pretty heavily in the ecosystem. It's still a matter of keeping up with the customer growth on that ecosystem side. So that's something we monitor very carefully and we know we need to still see pretty significant growth, not just the end of this year but well into next year as well.
Jason Maynard  Wells Fargo: Maybe one follow-up on that front. What types of things are you doing differently in terms of your international system integrator relationships? Is there anything that you're finding that you need to do different either in Europe or in Asia Pacific versus the U.S.?
Aneel Bhusri: In some ways it happened in reverse order in Europe, where in the U.S we started with a set of boutique partners. The big SIs were not ready to engage with Workday. The big SIs came later. As we moved into Europe, we have the big SI partners in the U.S. and they quickly jumped into investing in Europe. So we have a strong stable of Accentures and Deloittes and IBMs and PWCs working with us across the globe. We are also in the process of building out that boutique set of partners in Europe. And I think that's probably not necessarily different. Its just that we have the big Sis going in the Europe in a different way than we have them in the early days in the U.S. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities. 
Brendan Barnicle  Pacific Crest Securities: I know you guys have made great progress on the HR side and the financial side. As you look a bit longer term, where do you think you may go next? Is it more vertical specific or are there some other adjacencies that make some sense?
Aneel Bhusri: Im going to spend a little more time talking about this topic at our Analyst Day. The natural next place is to first take our existing HR and financial products, in particular our financial products and begin to add industry features to them. So the first place we've done that has been in the education and government market. And I would expect that the next wave of functionality once we've really built out the core for financials and once we've proven the scale and those projects are tracking nicely and actually in the not so distant future behind us, we'll look at industry-specific areas like billing, like professional services, automation, the unique features for financial services and our continued investment in education and government.  And beyond that longer term, we could start to look at industry applications that go beyond HR and financials. For the time being though, we're very focused on the HR financials and now big data marketplace. I think that's going to carry us for at least the next three or four years before we would entertain anything that was industry specific from a new application perspective. But we'll start layering in industry features and you might see us add to the breadth of our analytics products as well. 
Brendan Barnicle  Pacific Crest Securities: Great. That's really helpful. And Mark, on the free cash flow, obviously it's being well above expectations for the last couple of quarters. You noted that it was mostly driven by the tax benefit. But is there anything else that you've seen on the collection side or other places that surprised you on the cash flow side?
Mark Peek: Not in particular. We had -- there was some lumpiness between the first and the second quarter as a result of really the expiration of the lock up. And we talked about that last quarter where Q1 benefited by $17 million. Q2, that balanced itself out. But no real surprises. Were beginning to level out a bit on the fact that we're billing and collecting one year of ACV. From quarter-to-quarter like this quarter, it may go up a little bit because of one particular transaction. But for the most part it's balancing itself out. DSO is staying relatively flat. Our collection history is good. And it's going about as expected. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pat Walravens with JMP Group.
Pat Walravens  JMP Securities: Aneel, on Oracle's earnings call last quarter, they made a comment about not are we bigger than Workday and HCM, but were growing faster than Workday. I was wondering if you could share your perspective on that.
Aneel Bhusri: It's hard to know because they don't disclose their independent numbers on HR. All I can look at are win rates and our win rates are very positive against all the legacy competitors, including Oracle.
Pat Walravens  JMP Securities: And maybe following up on that, could you address the partnerships that they announced with Salesforce and NetSuite which seem to be motivated by you guys? 
Aneel Bhusri: I'm not sure what theyre motivated by, so I won't try to guess at that. The NetSuite one doesn't really impact us. The SMB market has just never been a focal point for us. And we're still on the -- as we continue to move upmarket in the financial world, we still rarely see NetSuite. So I don't think that that impacts us. With the Salesforce one, I think you should talk to Mark. All I would say is our partnership remains intact. Our friendship remains intact and our field organizations continue to work well together. We all have to work with lots of different vendors in the marketplace, but our relationship with Salesforce to me is not really any different than it was one or two or three quarters ago. Time will tell how all these relationships pan out. But I would hope that we stay close partners with Salesforce and our other close partners.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill  UBS: Aneel, in the past you've mentioned some flavors of the wins during the quarter in terms of the customer names and size of where they are headed. Can you give us any color or is that -- you're saving that for the conference? 
Aneel Bhusri: We're going to save that for the conference. But I would also say that as the number of customers continues to grow, it's a lot of effort every quarter to get the customers to give us the authorization to use their name in the press release. And I frankly think that the point early on was to show the brand names that we're getting. And we've got so many great brand names. We'll disclose customers from time-to-time, but Im not sure we're going to do it on a quarterly basis going forward the way we have. And I will focus on showing some new names at the Analyst meeting in a couple of weeks.
Brent Thill  UBS: Okay, totally understand. Just on hiring, you mentioned you're behind. Is there a reason why you're lagging or when you look at the second half, you're obviously expecting that to ramp to get above the 680 item last year. 
Mark Peek: I think Brent it's a combination of things. One is that we are adding more people again this year than we added in total a year ago. And so we're just beginning to feel some of the strains of scale in those processes that we're investing in, recruiting organizations and then our own internal processes of about how to hire the larger groups of people. That said, we're behind our hiring plan, but it's not at a level where it's causing us to lose focus or to miss any of the key deliverables that we have either from a product perspective or with customers. And it was great to see the first Monday of August we had our largest hiring class ever. Yes, I think it's something that will get back on track just from a pacing perspective and as we were looking at our plans as we started the year, were bit behind. 
Michael Haase: Operator, were going to take two more questions please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig with Wedbush. 
Steve Koenig  Wedbush Securities: Maybe just two questions that expand on earlier ones. The easy question is, do you all have handy the international versus U.S revenue splits? Just wondering what that is.
Mark Peek: The revenue percentages domestic was 85% during the quarter and international was 15%.
Steve Koenig  Wedbush Securities: Great, thank you. And then just for the follow up. You talked a little bit about bringing the partners, growing those partners and the importance of the ecosystem. Im wondering as a result of talking with integrators and finding out how backlogged they are and how much demand there is and the lack of trained partner personal in the ecosystem. How long do you think it will take to get that to ramp to the point where deals maybe aren't waiting much longer than you'd like because of the lack of training consultants? How long does that last before supply and demand balances better?
Aneel Bhusri: I hope the integrators are constantly trying to keep up with our sales momentum. So I don't see that changing anytime in the near future. I'm not sure it's slowing up as much. What we have tended to do at Workday is if we sense a gap in the ecosystem, whether it's a quarter out or two quarters out, we will hire ourselves. And that's why the professional services number can bump up and down a bit. We're very focused on customer success and if there is not the resources required, we'll fill the gap. And in particularly new products like financials, we tend to take more of the onus of that work ourselves just to make sure there is customer satisfaction with those first wave of customers. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Brad Reback with Stifel Financial. 
Brad Reback  Stifel Nicolaus: Just real quick, on the eight figure deal that you alluded to, was that just HR or was that the entire suite, HR and financials? 
Aneel Bhusri: It was purely an HCM deal. 
Michael Haase: Great. That concludes the call. We'll talk to you at the Analyst Day in a few weeks.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in today's earnings call. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-05-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Haase - VP Finance, Treasurer and Investor Relations Aneel Bhusri - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Mark Peek - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs John DiFucci - JPMorgan Jennifer Lowe - Morgan Stanley Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities Richard Davis - Canaccord Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Company Pat Walravens - JMP Securities Brent Thill - UBS Robert Chen - Citigroup Ross McMillan - Jefferies Brian Schwartz - Oppenheimer
Operator: Welcome to Workdays First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. With that I will hand the call over to Mike Haase. Please proceed.
Mike Haase - VP Finance, Treasurer and Investor Relations: Welcome to Workdays first quarter fiscal 2014 earnings conference call. On the call we have Aneel Bhusri, our Chairman and Co-CEO and Mark Peek, our CFO. Following their prepared remarks we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during todays call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures which are used as measures of Workdays performance should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or an isolation from GAAP results. Our non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of stock-based compensation and for the fiscal first quarter of 2014 also exclude employer payroll taxes on employee stock transactions. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. Also the customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated at the beginning of each month. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Our second quarter quiet period begins at the close of business July 17, 2013. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2013. With that let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mike. Ill spend a few minutes covering some of the key highlights for Q1 and then turn over to Mark for a discussion of our Q1 results and forward guidance. The management team was very pleased with the Q1 results as our business continue to do well across all of our key initiatives. During the first quarter Workday added significant customers across our major geographies and industries including Bristol-Myers Squibb and Levi Strauss for Human Capital Management and University of Miami for the full suite of Workday applications. More importantly we continue to outpace successful customer deployments. Recent go-lives included London Stock Exchange, Cornell University and Johnson & Johnson. We ended the quarter with more than 450 customers of which more than 290 are live on Workday applications. In April, all customers moved to Workday 19 the first update of fiscal year 2014. With this update customers gained their ability to tailor the Workday experience for their unique business environments, also with Workday 19 customers receive the ability to manage intangible assets and users can now benefit from new levels of insights into headcount planning. In total Workday 19 includes more than 170 new features many of which come through Workday Brainstorm a form that captures and shares customer ideas based on popular vote. Lastly, we continued our heavy investment in mobile technologies. To augment our historical support of iOS and HTML5 mobile platforms. We recently delivered Workday for Android, a native Android app which is now available in Google Play. In April our employees voted us to the top of the local best places to work list for the large companys category. This is the sixth consecutive year Workday has been ranked on this list published annually by the San Francisco Business Times and the Silicon Valley/San Jose Business Journal. We continue to hire the best and brightest and ended Q1 with approximately 1950 employees. And lastly I wanted to cover three major development efforts, Big Fin, Big Data Analytics, and Recruiting. Big Fin a project to bring our financial applications to the Global Fortune 2000 market is progressing on schedule with major improvements in scalability and functionality coming each update. As it relates to Big Data Analytics we signed our first wave of customers this past quarter and continue to be on track for general availability in the second half of 2013. And our other new product initiative Workday Recruiting continues to be a strong interest to our customers and it remains on track for the first half of 2014 delivery. Well thats it from me. Well now turn it over to Mark.
Mark Peek - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Aneel. We started fiscal 2014 with a very solid first quarter generating record revenues and positive operating cash flows and positive free cash flows. Our business model continues to prove itself from a cash flows perspective that we continue to make progress on our non-GAAP operating margin, although this is clearly a secondary objective to growth and new customer acquisition. Fundamental to our business model is the belief that once we win a customer we keep the customer for years beyond the initial subscription period. This is driven by a combination of the importance of the applications to our customers business, our frequent updates with meaningful features, functionality and improved ease of use and of course very high customer satisfaction. Our balance sheet remains strong including over $300 million of unearned revenue and over $800 million of cash and marketable securities. We are pleased with our first quarter accomplishments and want to thank our employees, our partners and our customers. Now Ill walk you through the financial details of our first quarter. Total revenues for the first quarter were $91.6 million, an increase of 61% from a year ago. The vast majority of our sales are currently in U.S. dollars so the impact of exchange rates is minimal. Subscription revenues for our cloud applications were $68.4 million up 85% from last year. As subscription revenues are recognized ratably our revenue growth represents the services we have provided to our more than 450 customers. As we mentioned last quarter and in our S1, Q1 was a difficult comparable for us as last year we recognized $2.6 million in subscription revenue plus $2 million of professional services revenue related to the expiration of delivery obligation for a 2009 customer arrangement. Normalizing the current quarter results total revenue growth was 75% and subscription revenue growth was 99%. The weighted average duration of contracts signed in our first quarter was just over three years. As a reminder we focus our selling efforts on and have a preference for three year terms on contracts. We believe well have a very high renewal rates and that the economics of shorter term contracts are better for us in the long run. Were very pleased to see solid demand in the U.S. and internationally. Our services revenue was $23.2 million, an increase of 17% compared to last year and up 30% normalized for Q1. Our primary objective with our services business is to maximize customer satisfaction and is therefore not a primary revenue growth driver. As a reminder Workdays strategy is to rely on Systems Integrator partners for the bulk of our customer deployments and we continue to be pleased with the adoption from our partner-led deployments. Total unearned revenue at quarter end was $301 million up 41% from a year ago. Over 90% of our unearned revenue was from subscription fees. Short term unearned revenue was $224 million, an increase of 13% sequentially and 74% from last year. Long-term unearned revenue was $77 million down 11% sequentially and down 9% from last year. As weve discussed in the past as our balance sheet strengthened during fiscal 2013 we changed our sales compensation structure to deemphasize multiple year upfront cash collection to finance the business. So the percentage of the contract build upfront is comparably less than in prior periods. This change negatively impacts the comparisons to our unearned revenue, calculated billings and cash flows but in the long-term we believe it improves the economics of our business. Looking ahead to the second quarter and our fiscal 2014 were mindful about the challenging macro-economic environment and the muted expectations for IT spending. However the strength of our business model and continued momentum provide very good revenue visibility and we expect a solid second quarter. Total revenues for the second quarter are expected to be within a range of $97 million to $101 million or growth of 55% to 61% as compared to the prior year. Subscription revenue is anticipated to be within a range of $74 million to $76 million reflecting year-over-year growth of 75% to 80%. We anticipate total fiscal 2014 revenues were approximately $425 million to $440 million or growth of approximately 55% to 61%. The guidance assumes professional services revenue of approximately $100 million to $105 million for the year. As imperfect to measure as it is calculated billings are used by many in the investment community to gauge the health of the business. I wont provide color on billings every quarter but to help you calibrate we dont expect annual calculated billings to exceed $530 million in fiscal 2014. We anticipate Q2 billings to increase sequentially from Q1 and in fact to be slightly ahead of last Q4s calculated billings. We also expect a sequential increase in Q3 and a more significant seasonal increase in Q4. Lets spend a few minutes on operating expenses and our results of operations. Unless otherwise notes all references to our expenses and operating results on a non-GAAP basis which are reconciled in the press release tables and posted on our IR website. Our total headcount was approximately 1950 people at the end of the first quarter. For 2014 we continue to anticipate adding more people than we did last year as we build out our global market expansion efforts and product development team. About two-thirds of our total expenses are employee-related. Our first quarter gross margin was 61.1% up slightly from the fourth quarter driven by our mix of subscription revenues growing faster than professional services. We dont anticipate further improvements in our gross margin over the next year. Although the mix shift between subscription and services will continue we anticipate lower professional services margins as we invest in programs to ensure ongoing customer success post deployment. The first quarter subscription gross margin was 78.6% and includes the cost related to providing our cloud applications, compensation and related expenses for the operation staff and datacenter networking and depreciation. The subscription gross margin was down slightly sequentially due largely to the provisioning of incremental co-location datacenter capacity including rent expense and supplies as we prepare for growing customer demand. Our first quarter operating loss measured on a non-GAAP basis was $24.5 million or a negative 27%. This was better than we had anticipated and largely the result of the operating leverage received on increased revenue. Long-term profitability and cash flow generation are important goals but we believe that our focus today needs to be on market expansion, continued product innovation and growth. Research and development expense in the first quarter was $34.1 million up 18% sequentially and up 67% from a year ago. We continue to invest in our product development as we strengthen and extend our suite of applications particularly in financial management. Our HR and financial management applications are enterprise systems of record at the core of our customers business. Were building solutions for large complex global enterprises and we believe continued investment in our application will be a key driver of future growth. Sales and marketing expense was $37.2 million up 5% sequentially and up 52% from last year. We plan to make significant investments over the next several years to leverage our global market expansion efforts. General and administrative expense was $9.1 million down 10% sequentially and up 64% year-over-year. This sequential decline was due largely to year end corporate expenses including expenses associated with operating as a public company which impacted our fourth quarter. The net loss per share was $0.15 on 168 million weighted average shares. Given our net loss all outstanding stock options and common stock equivalents were anti-dilutive and not included in the loss per share calculation. The IPO lockup expired on April 10th which was a major anticipated event internally and it seems in the market as well. After the lockup approximately 4.6 million employee stock options were exercised and are not included in our weighted average share count. We did see employees and pre-IPO investors convert their Class B shares to Class A shares but they did not necessarily sell those shares into the market. In addition to the 4.6 million options exercised Flextronics exercised its warrant of approximately 1.35 million shares. Taking into account our adjustments to GAAP operating income that Mike referenced at the start of the call we currently expect our fiscal second quarter non-GAAP operating margin to be within a range of a negative 28% to 32% of total revenue and for the year to be approximately a negative 25% to 30%. The GAAP operating margin for the fiscal second quarter is expected to be 10 to 11 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margin and the full year 2014 GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 13 to 15 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP operating margin. Now on to our balance sheet and statements of cash flows. Cash and short term investments at quarter end were $806 million up $15 million from year end. Operating cash flows were $17.3 million for the first quarter and $15.8 million for the trailing 12 months. This quarter operating cash flows benefited from nearly $17 million of taxes and other remittances relating to stock option exercises in April. Most of these were related to employee stock sales outside the U.S. and we dont expect this to repeat at these levels in future quarters. Adjusting for this first quarter operating cash flows were approximately breakeven and for the trailing 12 months slightly negative. These items reverse in our second quarter and will be a negative to Q2 cash flows. Free cash flows for the first quarter were a positive $15.3 million and for the trailing 12 months a negative $18.4 million. Likewise after adjusting for taxes related to stock option exercises in April free cash flows for the quarter would have been closer to breakeven and a larger negative for the trailing 12 months. We think looking at cash flows on a trailing 12 month basis is a better indicator of progress than quarterly results as cash flows can be volatile quarter-to-quarter. As a reminder when calculating free cash flows we conservatively subtract the gross value of all equipment even when acquired under capital leases so we can evaluate our progress on free cash flows independent of our capital financing decisions. Through the balance of the year we anticipate quarterly capital expenditures to increase significantly from the first quarter level and expect total CapEx of approximately $80 million for fiscal 2014. To summarize were very pleased with our solid first quarter. Looking ahead were investing for the long-term and see a very large opportunity in front of us. You should expect us to continue making significant investments in our product development and global market expansion to maximize our long-term growth opportunities. With that lets begin the Q&A process.
Mike Haase - VP Finance, Treasurer and Investor Relations: Before we take the first question I also wanted to call to your attention that we issued a correction about 40 minutes ago or so to our earnings release. The correction was to a calculation in the guidance quote. With that lets take the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you, Aneel and Mark. I just wanted to know I guess Aneel really interested in the new product offerings that youve been mentioning BI, recruiting and obviously everyone is focused on financials. I was just wondering if you could kind of rank order for us the impact that you think these new offerings will have on your deferred growth if you would have just look out over the next one to two years instead of kind of looking out longer than that I mean is it possible that BI and recruiting could actually be a bigger ramp faster than we could see financials ramp? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Thanks, Heather. In terms of deferred I probably defer that to Mark. In terms of size of market the financials market towards the recruiting market and the Big Data Analytics market and our product is getting better every update and the pipeline is getting bigger every quarter. So I would still suspect it especially if you look it over a two year time horizon that financials is the much bigger of those three product areas.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: But would you think that for BI and recruiting you could actually have shorter sales cycles than financials?
Aneel Bhusri: BI is still its so new in terms of not just our offering but also in terms of customers understanding what Big Data means them, that one is, that one is harder to predict. I think on the recruiting front yeah I think those will be fairly short sales cycles. We have, we ask for eight design partners then we had something like 65 customers asked to be design partners. So there is a lot of pent-up demand for that product and I suspect that would get very quick take up through our installed base.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John DiFucci with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
John DiFucci - JPMorgan: Thank you. Question for Aneel and Mark I think it has to do with financials. I think last quarter you said you had 50 customers with 18 live. Can you update those numbers for us? And also like how many of those are public companies Im curious because I would guess anyway that there are more onerous financial controls required of public companies might be a gauge to sort of see how the applications are progressing?
Aneel Bhusri: Were not going to update that number on a regular basis that 50 was a milestone that we hit the 50. We might update it again at the end of the year. In terms of public companies, yeah we do have a handful of public companies - more than handful of public companies live on financials but not just have selected but actually live on the product.
John DiFucci - JPMorgan: Okay, okay. Great. And Mark if I had a question on sales and marketing expense it was 41% of revenue I think which is below what we were looking for in (indiscernible). And I just curious as to what we are seeing there is it just leverage as you grow or was hiring little below you anticipated this quarter is there something in that number, we should be thinking about?
Mark Peek: Well I think the John the main, the main thing is were getting leverage since we have - we now have 450 customers in which were recognizing subscription revenues. And we also were down seasonally on calculated billings as we called out in the fourth quarter that Q1 will be down seasonally so its a combination of the two.
John DiFucci - JPMorgan: Okay, okay. Great. Actually when I look at calculated billings, when I look at annualized billings the growth rate there actually was about what it was last quarter actually little bit better so I mean that something we do but anyway it looked pretty good to us anyway thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Lowe with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Jennifer Lowe - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Mark, when you gave the guidance you made a comment just that you are cognizant of the macro certainly you just put up a fairly strong quarter but are you seeing any impacts on your business from forward spending cycles or budgets or anything like that?
Mark Peek: I think particularly in Europe as we, as we go through our sales cycles and we have long sales cycles. Were selling enterprise applications and so these cycles can last numbers of quarters and years. And there is always caution, when the overall economy is cautious and were seeing some in Europe.
Jennifer Lowe - Morgan Stanley: Great. And then maybe just one for Aneel on the Workday nine rollout one of the new features that you flagged with versus capability to do more customization work. Whats the feedback been like from your customers at this point I know its early but are you finding that they are taking advantage of that capability and its being - its generating a lot of interest or is it still too early to tell?
Aneel Bhusri: This has been a common request over the last couple of years. So, again I think there was lot of demand for this feature. We actually rolled it out last fall and in a test way with our customers and there was great reception and now people are putting it into production. So, its been very positive and the type of feedback we have gotten. And I would expect that over time we just bring that customization capability for lack of a better term through boarder set of business objects.
Jennifer Lowe - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo: Hi, guys. I had two questions. So, first question Im curious just on the - on some of the customer wins that you announced what were the application portfolio as they were running previously maybe talk a little bit about it if you are seeing any change in terms of if you will the source of where your new logos are coming from? And then I have a follow-up on that thing?
Aneel Bhusri: The primary sources are the two legacy vendors SAP and Oracle and that really hasnt changed and I dont think that will change. One we - we did not mention on the call, which was clearly a big win for us in Europe was Phillips. We certainly landed that account as well. So, all of these large multinationals are typically running SAP, PeopleSoft, Oracle sometimes they are running :Lawson but thats generally, thats generally the small fraction of the marketplace and that dynamic hasnt changed for the better part of three or four years.
Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo: And then the follow-up I had on the financials, you talked a little bit about it but if you have to sort of look now 90 days later from last quarter, where would you still tag the financial application relative to say the maturity of the HR applications?
Aneel Bhusri: Thats a hard. The HR applications are not a static target. They are moving very rapidly. I would tag financials probably at 80% to 85% on a functional comparison to legacy systems thats the targets they are not moving at all those are fairly static targets. And the big investment on scalability is continuing to happen and were seeing the benefits of that and I feel like were going to go into next year with a very competitive set of financial products that they are competitive today they get more competitive over the next 12 to 15 months pretty much exactly what I said during the IPO road show nothing has really changed.. We are on track. If there is an area to highlight, the first area, where we made investments in financials from a industry specific area has been in the higher ed market and not surprisingly as a result, we won a lot of name brand higher ed institutions, who are either going live in our financials or purchased our financials and that list includes places like Brown and Yale and those are effectively the top tier institutions that are choosing our financial. So, its a clear takeaway that as we mature the product and we had industry specific capabilities it opens up those markets. Its been a great; its been a great test bed for us from that perspective.
Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo: Great. And then maybe I squeeze one more on recruiting just as you start to really work with your design partners are you looking at this is U.S. first or are you going to or is your plan to maybe is to make recruiting a global addition for the entire base as you roll out it. How you are thinking about this one?
Aneel Bhusri: It will be a global product. In GA, it will be a global product. In the early - in the early releases the pre-GA version, we might be more focused on U.S. use cases. But as part of the general availability everything we build from that perspective on the HR side is built to be global other than payrolls, which by definition are local.
Jason Maynard - Wells Fargo: Got you. Fantastic. I appreciate it. Thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities. Please proceed.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks so much guys. During this quarter, we saw some company success and had some issues with implementation. They didnt have quite enough implementation of (partner) and that slowed down some business in some cases at least on the implementation side. How do you guys feel about your scale on the partner side and whether you got enough folks and can you ramp that quickly enough for the growing demand?
Aneel Bhusri: At this point, we feel pretty good about where we are. It is definitely something we monitor on a regular basis. I think weve had some very positive developments in the last six to nine months. Historically weve had a series of boutique setup and that have been investing in Workday practices then we had Accenture and Deloitte and recently we had IBM and PWC and Hewitt and Towers all and actually Towers was early all of them are beginning to invest. So, now weve seen a step up from the big SI firms along with the boutiques and so I see a lot of skills coming on line in the next - in the next six to nine months.
Mark Peek: And one of the ways to look at that is that if you look at our own professional services its something thats growing at a slower rate normalized 30% growth this quarter and we didnt change our guide on professional services for the year. So, we feel like our ecosystem is being built out as we planned at the beginning of the year.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. And then Aneel just following up on recruiting as you go to market do you anticipate any difference in the way you go to market with that product where you have a dedicated sales force or change any of the quota patterns around that when it comes into market?
Aneel Bhusri: In terms of a dedicated sales force I doubt it. Well definitely have presales folks that are, that are very well-versed on the new product. In terms of taking it to market, were trying to match overtime the best degree of capabilities of the point solutions but offer the integration of all of the pieces coming from one vendor and a very typical use case in a slow job growth environment. Many companies are looking to recruit some internal candidates as well as external candidates and the point solutions dont have visibility into that internal pool data base. And in the case of Workday since the recruiting system is tied into the core HR system its one of the same and you can evaluate internal and external candidates together, thats a huge thing that really hasnt been available on the market before. So, there are going to be areas like that from a product perspective that well be in the first in the marketplace that will make it a very differentiated product offering. I suspect that we have a lot of sales people from some of the point solution vendors of the past. I suspect a lot of our existing customers are just going to sign up as soon as the products are available.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Terrific. Thanks, guys. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Canaccord. Please proceed.
Richard Davis - Canaccord: Hey, thanks. Just a quick drilldown on to  I think youre exactly the payroll is at least regional but to put together kind of a multinational platform, is this  is that more about pounding out a bunch of kind of workflow rules or and then therefore this is simply just takes time or is there something that Im missing that will make it harder to become a multinational, I know you can do it regionally and stuff like that. When you think about that effort, maybe you could help me think that through.
Aneel Bhusri:  Payrolls are very, very local theyre not just theyre tied to things like union rules in the German and French markets things like worker councils, taxation is different  taxation is different across the 50 states. So the way that the payroll market has evolved historically has been on country payroll solutions that we have  we today have a U.S. solution, we have a Canadian solution. Over time you can see us add a few other solutions and in other markets well tend to partner and we could partner with Ceridian we could partner with an ADP. Most of our customers will choose these vendors for market in markets where their employee populations are less than 5000 theyre going to choose an outsource solution anyways so we tend to partner in some of the markets that were not building local payrolls for them. But I would expect over the next three to five years youll see our portfolio of local payroll products grow over time but it will never be 100 it might be 10 to 15 over time but even that is a guess at this point.
Richard Davis - Canaccord:  Great. Thank you very much. Thats helpful.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Peter Goldmacher with Cowen & Co. Please proceed.
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Co:  Thanks. Hey guys can you talk a little bit about what Oracle and SAP are doing to compete. How theyre trying to keep you guys out of their accounts?
Aneel Bhusri:  Yeah, really nothing has changed, very aggressive pricing thats really the number one  thats really the number one tactic and Id say the second piece is give us time to build the cloud product and thats probably more in the case of SAP with success factors, give us time to build success factors and to record system of record.
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Co: So, when  Im sorry.
Aneel Bhusri: But those tactics have been the same ones for the last 15 months and some of those acquisitions happened.
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Co: So, when  can you give us a sense of whats happening with your win rates? Are people getting - losing patience with those guys?
Aneel Bhusri: Well we dont comment on win rates I would just  I would just look at our growth rate and you can get a sense of how well were doing. The worlds moving to the cloud, there is no question about it.
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Co: I heard about that, yeah.
Aneel Bhusri: In many but for a number of years the legacy vendors fought it. So now everyone is saying their future is the cloud and yet we are one vendor were the youngest vendor but we have the most matured solution. And every year that goes by there is more companies that are on a legacy platform that are just out of time on either maintenance or have to do a forced upgrade. So the market just keeps growing for us.
Peter Goldmacher - Cowen & Co: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Pat Walravens with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Pat Walravens - JMP Securities: Great. Thank you. So, Aneel, as we look out three to five years, what percentage of revenue would you like to see coming from financials. How should we think about that?
Aneel Bhusri: Three to five years, Im going to defer that to Mark.
Mark Peek:  Yeah, Pat, its an interesting question because on the one hand we think there is an awful lot of opportunity left in HR. When you look at our total TAM and as we think about potential customers having employees of a 1000 or more thats a big population its over 10,000 companies in the U.S. alone and we have 450 customers. And so my hope is that financials grows at triple digit rates but at the same time HR is growing continuing to grow so much that it still isnt as significant as HR and that the crossover point will be later in time.
Aneel Bhusri: And I think the  trying to clarify that revenues is harder than maybe bookings given the lag effect of revenues, I would hope in five years that the financial product line is approaching HR in terms of new bookings that there will be reasonable target and that market is three times a size of the HR market. We went to the same phenomenon at Peoplesoft, and at some point along the way financials took over from HR as the main product lines.
Pat Walravens - JMP Securities: Great, thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS. Please proceed.
Brent Thill - UBS: Thanks. Good afternoon. Aneel, you mentioned higher-ed in - given the success you had at Peoplesoft, are you seeing customers come to an end of life? Are they just ready to move on? Can you just give us a sense of what you are seeing in that market and maybe contrasted from the commercial sector and what you are seeing in your pipelines?
Aneel Bhusri: I think the higher ed market faces the same issues as the commercial marketplace, theyre running PeopleSoft, SAP, Oracle for their legacy HR and accounting systems. Id say there is probably a higher propensity that theyre running or higher percentage chance of running PeopleSoft and at this particular market my co-founder Davis is very well known and he is very well known across markets but he started in higher-ed. So we go into a very friendly environment in the higher-ed marketplace. And given the requirements that you have to add to the products for higher-ed whether its grants or endowment support or encumbrance accounting, that stuff is an investment that weve made that no other cloud vendor has made so we have a unique advantage there from the product side.
Brent Thill - UBS: Okay. Great. And just a quick follow-up for Mark, I know you don't talk about average selling prices, but can you just give us a sense of what you are seeing on the initial commitments this quarter versus what you saw, maybe at the beginning of last year? And just help us at a high level kind of shape of what youre seeing?
Mark Peek:  Well, one of the trends that wed continue to see is that the initial contracts are coming closer to the three years than they had been historically a year - even a year or so ago we were closer to four years than to three years on the initial contract value. And we continue to see a blend of a very large accounts such as Phillips, Levis, but also mixed with middle market accounts and an uptake and a lot of confidence in smaller companies than the Fortune 200 that are implementing Workday. So its really been a blend.
Brent Thill - UBS: Thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Robert Chen - Citigroup:  Thanks. This is Robert Chen for Walter. My first question is about the mid market. I think last quarter you talked about pretty significant traction driving some strength in Q4 there. Are you seeing that strength in the mid market continue this quarter?
Aneel Bhusri:  We did and we had actually several ultimate replacements that at some point well be able to announce when we get the okay from customers so were seeing strength not just in legacy replacement but also other cloud solution replacements.
Robert Chen - Citigroup: Great. And then secondly on the Big Data product, could you give us some background on what the use cases are there and where you expect to build your pipeline, in terms of end-user solution there?
Aneel Bhusri: I would think about the big data products really as the next generation of data warehouses a place where you can take a whole bunch of data from your corporate systems from third-party systems from data outside your enterprise and effectively dumping into a warehouse so then analyze against it. Were able to take advantage of some of the modern technologies that are out there counter databases platforms like you do put it in the cloud and deliver a much easier to deploy, easier to use solution at a fraction of the cost of legacy systems. So what you will see over time is that well continue in the same way that weve taken a bite out of the HR market youll start seeing us take bites out of the enterprise data warehouse market with this offering. Its soon the earlier days but thats the course it will take.
Robert Chen - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Operator, were going to take two more questions please.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ross McMillan with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Ross McMillan - Jefferies:  Thanks a lot. Aneel, you mentioned your own target for both functionality and scalability on the financials, Im just curious about the later comment on scalability. Can you just talk to that and maybe contrast what you have to do to get financials to scale relative to the HR solution. And then I have one follow-up.
Aneel Bhusri:  Well, just by the nature of products if you think about HR, HR is primarily a record-keeping app with workflow but its not a high volume transactions processing application you then move into payroll which is batch processing and then you move into financials which is through online transaction processing. And so much like we did at Peoplesoft, we hand to continue to invest in the technology to take on these different solutions and the characteristics of these different solutions. In the case of our financials we came to conclusion that the scale to the Fortune 500 type requirements in areas like payables, receivables, ledger posting that we needed this capability called the AOD which is effectively a fast way of running transactions of pre-summarizing data and running transactions. And we built that technology and now were basically selling that into different parts of the application to reach scale. We would need that technology in the HR world, we would need that technology in the payroll world those are different actually different computer science problems and again this is sort of came to PeopleSoft going from a two-tier to three-tier architecture when we move from being an HR company to an HR financial company, HR and financials company it just puts more processing requirements on it. Weve been on this project now for a year and in another year well pretty much covered the basis of where we need to touch these financial products from a scalability perspective.
Ross McMillan - Jefferies: Thats very helpful. And then just a follow-up for Mark, you gave us some helpful color on your thoughts around deferred revenues this year. Just on the long-term deferred is that going to continue to scale down sequentially as we go through this year. Should we expect to see long-term deferred decline sequentially each incremental quarter? Thanks.
Mark Peek:  Yes, the element along long term deferred is the fact that were doing closer to one year of cash  billing and collection upfront, what was driving long-term deferred is when we had multiple years of billing and collection and so as we move closer to one year which was the pattern that we experienced again in this quarter. As there will be a crossover point which is at least a couple of quarters out whether it should be some stability around it but for the time being I think you should just expect a longer term defer to continue to decline sequentially.
Ross McMillan - Jefferies: Thanks a lot.
Operator:  Our last question comes from the line of Brian Schwartz with Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
Brian Schwartz - Oppenheimer:  Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just one here for Aneel from a high-level, I was wondering if you could share some color on trends that you are seeing around the tax rates. As you see in the press release, you mentioned that you bought the full suite of apps. When you look at your pipeline and compare it to say 6 to 12 months ago, are you seeing any shifts towards prospects starting out with multiple products, or a full suite, as opposed to a single application and then adding on in the future? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: We dont have many SKUs to begin with, we have taken a different path than some of the legacy vendors where I think they tend to nickel and dime the customers. So our core HR application covers talent and HR and benefits as part of one app thats historically the place people start to payroll tax rate continues to be very healthy we havent talked about percentages but I think its ends up being around half historically I dont know what it was this past quarter there is nothing is  nothing really changed. Id say the only thing that changed from a tax rate is increased interest in financials and I hope that manifest itself in bookings over the upcoming quarters and years.
Brian Schwartz  Oppenheimer:  And then, if I could just squeeze one in for Mark, here. Just on the revenue guidance here for the year, you did mention the Big Data Analytics products on track to be a GA in the second half of the year. Just wondering if your current annual guidance assumes any revenue contribution from this product cycle, or we should think about that more as a next year revenue. Thanks.
Mark Peek: Well, when you think about the dynamics of revenue recognition to the extent that there is anything for any of the new products its very small and so its out of a significant part of the model.
Brian Schwartz - Oppenheimer: Great. Thank you for taking my question.
Aneel Bhusri: Okay, thanks everyone. That wraps-up the call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. Everyone may now disconnect. And have a great day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-03-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Haase  VP, Finance, Treasurer and IR Mark Peek  CFO Aneel Bhusri  Chairman, Co-Founder and Co-CEO 
Analysts: Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley Heather Bellini  Goldman Sachs John DiFucci  JP Morgan Walter Pritchard  Citi Jason Maynard  Wells Fargo Brent Thill  UBS Brendan Barnicle  Pacific Crest Securities Richard Davis  Canaccord Genuity Mark Murphy - Piper Jaffray Steve Ashley - R.W. Baird Laura Lederman - William Blair  
Operator: Welcome to Workday's fourth quarter earnings call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand the call over to Mike Haase.
Mike Haase: Welcome to Workday's fourth quarter fiscal 2013 earnings conference call. On the call we have Aneel Bhusri, our Chairman and Co-CEO, and Mark Peek, our CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures, which are used as measures of Workday's performance, should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or an isolation from, GAAP results. Our non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of stock-based compensation and an equity grant to the Workday Foundation. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations page of our website. Also the customers page of our website includes a list of selected customers and is updated at the beginning of each month. The webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Our first quarter quiet period begins at the close of business April 16, 2013. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2012. With that, let me hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: I want to start by welcoming everyone to our fourth quarter earnings call. I want to offer some brief comments on our business before turning it over to Mark for the bulk of the discussions. So lets get started. Fiscal year 2013 was a great year for Workday, successfully delivered three updates, Workday 16, 17, and 18, providing our customers with hundreds of enhancements and new features for their Workday HCM, financials and payroll applications. Importantly all of our customers are on the current update Workday 18. And as a result, all of Workdays development energy is devoted to our next update. This emphasizes what Dave and I refer to as power of one, one code line, one version, one community. We also delivered two new applications during the year. The first one Workday Time Tracking is an application that allows enterprises to collect, process, manage time and labor for their global workforce. Our second new application was grants management delivered for the education and government markets. In fiscal year 2013, we also continued our heavy investment in the mobile capabilities of our applications bringing major enhancements to the Apple iPhone and iPad platforms.  For other mobile platforms, such as Android, BlackBerry and Windows Phone, we introduced a new touch optimized interface built on HTML 5. Our mobile efforts are of strong personal interest to me and will continue to be a big area of focus for Workday.  And lastly, this past November we announced two new applications, Workday Big Data and Workday Recruiting. The development efforts for both of these new applications are well underway and on track with Workday Big Data scheduled for general availability in the second half of this year and Workday Recruiting on scheduled to be for general available in early calendar 2014.  From a customer perspective we added 150 net new customers in fiscal year 2013 and more than 50 just in the fourth quarter. Some of our notable fourth quarter wins include Nissan Motor Company, Primark, Thiess, Del Monte, SunTrust Banks and Travelex, and we continue to gain traction with Workday financials. In the fourth quarter we welcomed our 50th financial management customer. Other financial management customers signed in fiscal year 2013 include the University of Rochester as well as JB Hunt, an existing Workday HCM customer that later decided to add Workday Financial Management. This is a trend we expect will continue.  Of course, customer wins are only part of the story, its really all about getting customers up and running on Workday and delivering a great experience for them. As of the end of the fourth quarter 265 customers were live with their HCM products and 18 customers were live on our financials applications. Weve built a great ecosystem of deployment partners and are turning our own professional service efforts to supporting this ecosystem, improving tools to speed customer deployments and the ongoing customer success and satisfaction. It is just easier for companies to deploy Workday applications.  Turning our attention to fiscal year 2014 you can expect continued focus on innovation, customer satisfaction and employee happiness. At a more fundamental level Workday continues to execute against our strategy to be the leader of enterprise cloud applications for human resources and finance globally. Significant wins in Japan were Nissan, Australia with Thiess and Europe with Primark highlight our increasing traction outside the United States and the growing number of suite deals where we sold both HCM and financials demonstrates that organizations are seeing the value of having HR and finance in one unified system.  To be clear, we have a lot of execution in front of us to deliver on our ambitious goals and were still in the early days. But were off to a great start and we are very pleased with the early returns from these efforts.  I will now turn over to Mark Peek to review our fourth quarter and full-year results and provide insight into fiscal year 2014. 
Mark Peek: Thanks Aneel. We finished an outstanding fiscal 2013 with a great fourth quarter, generating record revenues, billings and positive operating cash flows. Before I get into the fourth quarter details and our outlook for Q1 and fiscal 2014, lets spend a little time looking back on our fiscal year accomplishments.  Fiscal 2013 was a year of tremendous success financially and across our operating metrics. Total revenues increased 104% to $273.7 million and subscription revenue increased 115% to $190.3 million. Total unearned revenue for the year increased 52% to $285.3 million, and we generated positive operating cash flows for the year. Our business model proved it can sustain itself from a cash flows perspective and this allowed us to change our sale incentives away from terms that helped finance the business to those that provide better long-term economics.  Fundamental to our business model is the belief that once we win a customer we keep the customer. This is driven by a combination of the importance of the applications, the frequent product upgrades and very high customer satisfaction. Of course, we also went public in October raising $685 million in cash. We added 680 employees during the year, a 62% increase from the beginning of the year, and we finished the year with just over 400 customers, including 150 net new customers added during the year. Were pleased with our fiscal 2013 accomplishments and want to thank our employees, our partners and our customers.  Now I will walk you through the financial details of our fourth quarter. Total revenues for the fourth quarter were $81.5 million, an increase of 89% from a year ago. The vast majority of our sales are currently in U.S. dollars. So there is minimal impact from exchange rates. Subscription revenues for our cloud applications were $59.6 million, up 105% from last year. As subscription revenues are recognized ratably, our revenue growth represents a subscription service weve provided to our more than 400 customers.  The weighted average duration of contract signed in our fourth quarter was just over three years as compared to closer to four years over the past several quarters. As a reminder, we focus our selling efforts on and have a strong preference for three-year terms on contracts. We believe we will have very high renewal rates and that the economics of shorter term contract are better for us in the long run. We were very pleased to see solid demand across regions, including significant wins in Asia-Pacific, EMEA and the U.S.  Our professional services revenue was $21.9 million, an increase of 55% compared to last year. Our primary objective with our professional services business is to maximize customer satisfaction and is therefore not a primary revenue growth driver. Professional services benefited positively from recognition of $2 million from one customer that had been deferred until acceptance. We do not expect a similar circumstance next quarter. As a reminder, Workday strategy is to rely on system integrator partners for the bulk of our customer deployments and were very pleased with the customer adoption from our partner led deployment.  Total unearned revenue at quarter end was $285 million, up 52% from a year ago. Over 90% of our unearned revenue is from subscription fees. Short-term unearned revenue was $199 million, an increase of 21% sequentially and 74% from last year. Non-current unearned revenue was $86 million, down 2% sequentially and up 17% from last year.  As we discussed in the past, as our balance sheet strengthened during fiscal 2013, we changed our sales compensation structure to deemphasize multiple year upfront cash collection to finance the business. So the percentages of the contract built upfront is comparably less than in prior periods. This change negatively impacts the comparisons to our non-current unearned revenue, calculated billings and cash flows but in the long term we believe it improves the economics of our business. I also want to provide you with color on our backlog. As a reminder, most of our subscription agreements are for three years and are non-cancellable. In a typical contract, the first year of a multiyear contract is billed and recorded on our balance sheet as unearned revenue. The non-cancellable unbilled portion of the contract remains off our balance sheet as backlog until billed.  Total subscription backlog as of the end of fiscal 2013 was $434 million. Backlog was approximately $325 million as of the end of our second quarter and approximately $240 million at the end of our fiscal 2012. Total future subscription revenue, which includes total unearned subscription revenue plus the subscription backlog was $695 million as of the end of fiscal 2013.  Looking ahead to the first quarter and our fiscal 2014, we are mindful about the challenging macroeconomic environment and the muted expectations for IT spending. However, the strength of our business model and continued momentum provide very good revenue visibility, and we expect a solid first quarter.  As we described in our S-1 during the first quarter of fiscal 2013, we recognized $2.6 million in subscription revenue and $2 million of professional services revenue related to the expiration of a delivery obligation for a 2009 customer arrangement. With that backdrop we expect total revenues for the first quarter to be within a range of $83 million to $87 million or growth of 46% to 53% or 59% to 67% normalized for last Q1. Subscription revenue is anticipated to be within a range of $64 million to $66 million reflecting year-over-year growth of 73% to 79% or 86% to 92% normalized for last Q1.  As mentioned during our earnings call in November, we also anticipate calculated billings in our fiscal first-quarter to be down sequentially from our fourth quarter by at least 10%. For the year we anticipate total revenue of $420 million to $435 million or growth of 53% to 59%. I want to emphasize that our strategy around professional services to build an ecosystem and ensure customer success and deployments. Our professional services revenue is largely designed to fill in for any gaps in the ecosystem. The annual revenue guidance assumes professional services revenue of approximately $100 million to $105 million for the year.  Lets spend a few minutes on operating expenses and our results of operations. Unless otherwise noted all references to our expenses and operating results are on a non-GAAP basis, which are reconciled in the investor relations section of our IR website.  Our total head count was 1776 as of the end of our fiscal fourth-quarter. This reflects increases of 156 in the quarter and 680 since the beginning of the fiscal year. For 2014 we anticipate adding more people than we did last year as we build out our global market expansion efforts and product development teams. Approximately two-thirds of our GAAP expenses are employee related.  Our fourth quarter gross margin was 61%, up 2 percentage points from the third quarter driven by our mix of subscription revenues growing faster than professional services. We don't anticipate further improvements to our gross margin over the next year. Although the mix between subscription and professional services will continue to shift towards subscription, we anticipate lower professional service margins as we invest in programs to ensure ongoing customer success post deployments.  The fourth-quarter subscription gross margin was 79% and includes the costs related to providing our cloud applications, compensation and related expenses for operations staff and data center and networking and depreciation.  Our fourth-quarter operating loss was $25.2 million or a negative 31%. This was significantly better than we had anticipated and was largely the result of the timing of our hiring during the quarter, modestly slower than expected hiring and most of our capital spending occurring at the end of the quarter resulting in lower than expected depreciation charges. We expect Q1 2014 operating margins to decline over Q4 2013 and anticipate that the full year will be around negative 30% as we continue to invest in growth. Long-term profitability and cash flow generation are important goals and we believe that our focus today needs to be on market expansion, continued product innovation and growth.  Research and development expense in the fourth quarter was $29 million, up 8% sequentially and up 62% from year ago. We continue to invest in our product development as we strengthen and expand our suite of applications particularly in financial management. Our HR and financial management applications are enterprise systems of record at the core of our customers business. We are building solutions for large complex global enterprises, and we believe continued investment in our applications will be a key driver of future growth.  Sales and marketing expense was $35.5 million, up 12% sequentially and up 59% from last year. We plan to make significant investments over the next several years to leverage our global market expansion efforts. General and administrative expense was $10.1 million, up 25% sequentially and 124% year-over-year. The increase is primarily a result of adding staff to support the needs of a public company.  The net loss per share was $0.16 on 162 million weighted average shares. Given our net loss, all outstanding stock options and common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive and not included in the loss per share calculation. In April, the lock-up of shares outstanding just prior to the IPO will expire. Approximately 63 million shares, including more than 14 million exercisable stock options not currently included in our share count will be available for trade after the lockup expires. Each total excludes shares held by insiders and no subject to the 144.  Due to large number of exercisable options becoming available in April, we are not providing share count guidance for the quarter. However since we are in a loss position, additional shares outstanding serve to reduce the loss per share.  Taking into account our adjustments to GAAP operating income that Mike disclosed at the start of the call, we currently expect our fiscal first-quarter non-GAAP operating margin to be within a range of a negative 34% to 38% of total revenue and for the year to be approximately negative 30%.  The GAAP operating margin for the fiscal first quarter is expected to be 9 to 10 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margin and the full year 2014 GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 13 to 15 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP operating margin.  Now on to our balance sheet and statements of cash flows, cash and short-term investments at quarter end were $790 million, down $7 million from Q3. Operating cash flows were $5.9 million for the fourth quarter and $11.2 million for the year. Free cash flows for the quarter were negative $4 million and for the year a negative $23.4 million. As a reminder, when calculating free cash flows we conservatively subtract the gross value of all equipment even when acquired under capital leases, so we can evaluate our progress on free cash flows independent of our capital financing decisions. Capital expenditures during fiscal 2014 are anticipated to be approximately $80 million.  To summarize, we are very pleased with our solid fourth-quarter performance and our accomplishments during fiscal 2013. Looking ahead were investing for the long-term and see a very large opportunity in front of us. You should expect us to continue making significant investments in our product development and global market expansion to maximize our long-term growth opportunities.  With that, we will now open it up for Q&A.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And your first question today comes from the line of Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley: Two questions on the quarter, first, in the customers that you signed, can you talk through what the common denominators were if there were any terms of product and service usage? And then secondly, while we understand renewals are still a fairly small amount, can you talk through what you saw in the renewal activity in the quarter?
Aneel Bhusri: Hi Adam, its Aneel. On the first part of the question the characteristics that drove customers decisions, they are really the same as they have been over the last few years. These are large global companies, in many cases looking to consolidate down to one single instance one employee view, one view of all employees, and on a global basis and getting the cost savings of moving to the cloud model and then the big step up in usability that they experience when moving to a cloud solution at Workday versus the legacy systems. So really more of the same than anything else. 
Mark Peek: Adam, its Mark. With respect to renewals again more of the same. Our fundamental belief in the business model is that once we have a customer, they will stay a customer and so the renewals activity during the quarter reflected that and the couple of accounts that we did lose came through either consolidation or some other dissolution of the business. And so it was a solid quarter on renewals with the uptick in the overall revenue. 
Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley: If I could just ask a quick follow up on your distribution youve had a significant increase in capacity, how are the sales folks ramping that youve hired and where will you make your investments in sales heading into next year?
Aneel Bhusri: Theyre ramping well, theyre ramping pretty much on plan. I think as you look forward were really focused on building a company for the long run. So were making some big investments outside of North America. And if I were to come back to your first question, and one of the things that we took away from the large customers we signed outside the U.S. is not the same value proposition that it worked with U.S. multinationals thats is working outside the U.S. So you are seeing us put additional resources at a faster clip in Asia and in Europe, and that's really the big, big new focus for us from a sales deployment perspective.
Mark Peek: And to echo that, I think that as you look ahead to fiscal 2014 our expectation is that overall sales productivity will be flat or tipped down a bit as a result of putting people in new geographies and the fact that we have to build out the sales notion and it just takes a little bit more time for the sales force to be productive in new geos. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini  Goldman Sachs: I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the competitive dynamic and kind of how you saw win rates this quarter and kind of who you are seeing as your primary competition and whether youve seen that change, kind of where youre getting the majority of your customers from at this point or the placements from people like Oracle and SAP or are you also adding from people who are using vendors outside of those? And then I guess the follow-up question would be kind of if you're thinking about your expense management, I am trying to think about some of the modules that youre offering, where do you see -- which module do you think you're having the biggest success with a dozen add-on at this point?
Aneel Bhusri: So on the first part of the question, I hate to say more of the same but it is more of the same. I dont think anything really changed in the fourth quarter in terms of competitive dynamics. We continue to compete with the two large legacy players and continue to replace predominantly those two large legacy players. If I were to highlight one trend from last year that was the fourth quarter was particular strong. Its our mid-market effort which really began in earnest last year. This is the segment between 1000 and 3000 employees and in some cases in that segment of the market we're competing with more mid-market solutions or replacing midmarket solutions and we had a very, very strong year in that category and that's one where we really had not put a dedicated focus on in the previous year.
Heather Bellini  Goldman Sachs: And then in terms of the add-ons?
Aneel Bhusri: Id say probably the most popular add-on at this point is payroll and that's largely tied to the maturity of the product and expenses is doing well but so is time tracking relatively new module but that is being an add-on to payroll and HR. Frankly on the financial suite, were more focused on selling the whole suite rather than selling expenses module separately and on the HR suite we have a big install base now. So we can  wed have the different  has a different cadence to where we are able to go back and sell payroll, time tracking or even the financial suite as an add-on. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John DiFucci with JP Morgan.
John DiFucci  JP Morgan: Congrats on a real strong quarter here. I mean if we look at the annualized subscription billings the calculation of that we get something around 80% growth, which was much better than we were looking or much better than we had modelled. But the revenue guidance is little bit below the Street was expecting, I guess. Can you comment on that and then I just have a follow-up on the lockup.
Mark Peek: Sure John. I think overall on the revenue and we tried to call it out in the prepared remarks is around professional services. And we have -- our professional services strategy is really to build out an ecosystem and to the extent that the ecosystem is successful we don't want to do as many of these deep prime (ph) as many deployments and we'd rather focus our efforts on helping the ecosystem, build the IP around it and also touching each customer to make sure that they have each of the steps to having a successful deployment but then also to stay involved with our customers post deployment so that they can successfully do the updates and theyre getting the most bang for their buck. As a result, professional services revenue number in our annual guidance is about $100 million to $105 million which is from a mix perspective a little bit quicker change to subscription versus overall professional services. 
John DiFucci  JP Morgan: Thats fair enough. And I see actually for next quarter when you gave the subscription guidance, its actually little bit above the street. 
Mark Peek: In professional services it is implied as $19 million to $21 million in Q1. 
John DiFucci  JP Morgan: And I guess just a follow-up on the lockup, I think you said that 63 million shares come off lockup excluding insiders. I just want to make sure I understand this because I have something like twice that number I guess that includes insiders, are those insiders restricted I guess is the first question? And then can you comment at all on your perception of the intent of your early investors, and well, the restricted the insiders founders, obviously Aneel is on the phone here. But also thoughts on how you might facilitate the distribution of your shares in an orderly fashion?
Mark Peek: So just starting at the top and the comments in the prepared remarks we have 63 million shares which includes 14 million vested non-exercise stock options that are currently subject to the lockup and those will expire on April 10. That excludes any of the insiders or affiliates that are subject to volume trading rules under rule 144. Across-the-board people are  this is a long term company and we're looking ahead to the long-term. That's the cofounders will sell a nominal number of shares under trading plan. And then we don't really have insight as to some of the early investors and to what their intent is. However we don't plan on having organized distribution or a secondary offering at the time.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citigroup.
Walter Pritchard  Citi: Mark, I was just wondering you talked about the 695 million in total subscription backlog including the unearned. Could you give us the number for a year ago, and so we can compare that and then also looking forward do you expect that  we understand the dynamics between the short-term billings and the long-term given the change in the comp plan and the impact on long term collection, but could you help us set expectations of whether or not we should think about the backlog growing slower or faster than what you bill on the short term?
Mark Peek: Sure Walter. The backlog the year ago and the way that we  the backlog is non-cancellable subscription but does not include any professional services in that number. It was $240 million at the beginning of the fiscal year and then you have the 100 revenue number, right off the balance sheet. Overall professional services as a percentage of total unearned revenue has been declining and thats because of the maturation of our contracting process and the overall revenue recognition over time. So what I do fully expect to happen over time is that all of the or the vast majority of the unearned revenue that is 90% today ends up being subscription revenue with very little professional services revenue. The second part of your question?
Walter Pritchard  Citi: Yeah the second part which is understanding the trends, looks like backlog actually  perhaps the number triggered backlog really slower than the short term billings and I am trying to understand how we should think about the relationship between the backlog and the short term billings?
Mark Peek: Yeah and if you look at the -- in the registration S-1 process we gave up a midpoint in the year backlog number of $325 million, so that was the July number. And so the growth in each six-month period was relatively close. I think the biggest dynamic in the backlog is the fact that we -- this quarter is the fact that we had 3.1 years of the average contract life and thats down from where we were about 3.6. So its in the quarter alone a half a year decline. We think that, thats good for the long-term health of the business to be around the 3 year points.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Jason Maynard  Wells Fargo: I had two questions actually on the product side. First off, Id love to just get your take as you look into 2013 and how you think the financials product is ramping, how you're maturing it and what your sort of expectations are from that standpoint? And the second is Id love to get any color or commentary you can share on where you stand with some of the new modules that you talked about coming, obviously later actually in the next year around recruiting and some of the big data analytics programs?
Aneel Bhusri: On financials its right on track. The project we have internally is dubbed Big Fin for big financials and its much like we talked about on the road show, its taking our financial products which are increasingly a feature-rich and getting very close to parity with the legacy companies and bringing our EOD capabilities, the analytics object data source capability to different parts of the application to scale up to large-scale Fortune 500 companies. So that project is on track, its going to carry through for all of this year and into next. And each update that comes out we scale to a bigger and bigger customer. So given where we are right now were largely continuing to sell to midmarket or the smaller of large companies and thats going very well. As I said in the prepared remarks 50 customers. So it really is pretty much where we expected it to be. And Id say the same thing for our new products, and we've been at this model for a while now and so new products are fairly predictable. Recruiting is right on track, its a longer bill just given the huge scope of building a recruiting product is right where wed hope it to be and Big Data is on track to be available this late fall  late summer early fall, exactly like what we had announced at rising. So right on track and if anything in some cases maybe farther ahead than wed hoped for.
Mark Peek: And I would take that Big Data in particular. Weve gotten more interest and reception than even frankly I had expected and I think it's because customers are looking at this platform not just as a big data platform, but more as a way to take advantage of all the data that's not Workday data and be able to find a place to put it in and then report against it with the Workday data. So its actually hitting a need thats existed for several years and as a result there has been a lot of interest in that product. 
Jason Maynard  Wells Fargo: But you kind of opened the door there a little bit, are you going to position your analytics product much more general purpose in the long run, how do you think youre going to roll that messaging and targeting of the customer base out, will it stay within your comp plans or will we start to hear more of you putting this into the customer bases kind of a next gen if I will be a replacement type of product?
Aneel Bhusri: So I dont think wed ever sell it as a standalone data warehouse if a customer wasn't using HR and financials. But if they are using one of those modules, or one of those suites, and they already have that Workday data, they can put whatever data they want to this warehouse and in most cases we run into customers that have financial data warehouses. And ideally this will be a replacement for those financial data warehouses. And if you think about the data, financial data warehouse is pretty much everything.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Brent Thill of UBS.
Brent Thill  UBS: Aneel, just to follow up on Jasons question on financials. When you talk about the midmarket to large enterprise, are you still thinking about a year and half to two years out before youre successfully selling into the global 2000 or are you thinking the shorter-term duration till when you're starting to hit stride there?
Aneel Bhusri: I would feel comfortable now. I mean, it was a year and a half to two years out in November, and so we're six months later, so you can just deduct it. I mean, really we're exactly on the same plan as we talked about during our IPO and then in our earnings call. So I'd say less than two years at this point..
Brent Thill  UBS: Mark, just on the backlog, are there any anomalies we need to keep in mind as we go into 2014?
Mark Peek: I think the big important factor that you think about backlog is we've been providing the metric with respect to the average contract length in terms of number of years and that we've moved from nearly 4 and closer to three in this last quarter. But for the most part its calculated fairly cleanly, its the total contract value of the non-cancellable subscription. And then we just back out what we have actually billed and its either been recognized as revenue or reported on the balance sheet. So its pretty clean. From time to time there will be something that accelerates a contract or if there is an add-on it can change the mix and when that rolls out a bit but other than its a fairly simple calculation. You'll get right definitely (ph).
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle  Pacific Crest Securities: Aneel, when you think about the move to APAC and to EMEA, is there going to be anything fundamentally different about the go to market strategy and sales strategy in those markets than what youve done in North America?
Aneel Bhusri: From a sales strategy, I don't think there is anything that's different. I do think that what we need is to find local service partners, much like we have  weve got the big companies like Accenture and Deloitte and IBM working with us on a global basis. So we also have companies like a DayNine, Collaborative and OmniPoint that are more I would guess home boutiques. We need to find those same boutiques in Europe and in Asia. And that's pretty much what we are doing. 
Brendan Barnicle  Pacific Crest Securities: And then just following up on the financials another time, aside from market size, have you noticed anything in terms of vertical markets or use cases that have been particularly consistent among these first 50 customers? 
Aneel Bhusri: I'd say that we're probably furthest along in reaching parity with the legacy systems in the public sector market, in particular the higher education. And much like we saw with HR, when you get closer to parity with the legacy systems, the business begins to pick up. So it's not a surprise that of our first 50, there is quite a few that are higher education institutions. Not only do we have a lot of features there but weve actually built specific capabilities for them in the case of grants management and fund accounting. And so as we layer on some of those industry-specific features in other industries, I would expect a similar reaction.
Brendan Barnicle  Pacific Crest Securities: And then Mark just one for you, cash flow was much better than youve expected. As you think about that for next year, are there any anomalies we should be considering in that, that that gave us such robust strong cash flow during the fourth quarter?
Mark Peek: Not particularly, again we have made a shift in how much cash were billing upfront and when we start a contract and that  we still have a couple of quarters before that's a negative comp for us until we have probably Q3 of next year. If you look at accounts receivable relative to sort of billings outstanding we had a good quarter and with all of the activity that we had through the summer and through the IPO we just improved our collections as we had better performance on accounts receivable during this quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Canaccord.
Richard Davis  Canaccord Genuity: Among the things that you can control, where do you see the most kind of relevant gating issue to your growth? Is it sales hires, is it product development or is it -- I hope you don't say all of the above, but just when you kind of -- you have to put wood behind certain things, how do you think about that? 
Aneel Bhusri: I feel like we're hiring as well as we can in the two areas that you mentioned. The area that we continue to invest in is actually building out the ecosystem for delivery. And that's an area where we have covered some control, but as you can see from our model, we're relying more and more on external partners. And that continues to be a big area of focus for us. But in terms of ramping up development, we're right on track from where we want to be in sales people. We have a bar for culture and for talent, and so for both areas we need to hold to those bars but are feeling very good about the hiring.
Mark Peek: And as I think we look at fiscal 2014, as Aneel mentioned you can -- there's only so many people you can absorb over a given amount of time and maintain the quality and the culture and were making our benchmark towards the international markets where we think that the sales productivity will be a little bit less just as we ramp up into those geos.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Mark Murphy - Piper Jaffray: Aneel, how do you think Workday financials compares to Oracle Fusion financials in the cloud right now? And I'm also curious what are the product development milestones that you'd like to hit in the next couple of years for financials? If it's scalability, then what exactly is the scalability bottleneck? And if it's functionality, then I am curious which functions at this point you think will be holding you back from the Fortune 500 type adoption of financials?
Aneel Bhusri: So on the first part of your question, candidly I didn't really know there was an Oracle financials on Fusion. If there is, we don't come across it yet. We definitely see Fusion on the HR side, but we haven't seen it on the financial side. On the financials, we typically compete against the legacy on-premise products, much like we have historically on the HR side. From our own product perspective, if I were to guess we're 80% of the way theyre on functionality, on scalability. We scale to companies that are probably up to 10,000 employees on an average transaction basis. And we're looking to get to the Fortune 500 going into next year. That's a big leap in terms of scalability.  The other piece is global. We need to continue to round out the product with global features, so we can sell it to multinationals not just based in the U.S., but in Europe and Asia as well. So you add all those things together, it's that same 18-month journey to get the scalability and the global capabilities. And once we've accomplished those two, we'll then begin to attack specific industry functionality. Like we've done with public sector, we'll bring that to financial services, we'll bring it to healthcare. In financial services, you need average daily balance; in health care, you get into lot tracking issues. All those things are down the road, but in 18 months we've got the scalability and global platform that I think will open up a lot of opportunities for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley - R.W. Baird: I was going to ask on the 50 new customers, if any of those were brought by non-HCM, if they were -- if the other modules were bringing new customers to the table as well. 
Aneel Bhusri: I think each -- Steve, I don't know exactly. There is a combination of -- each of them have HCM as part of the module. So these are all net new customers. And they would all have HCM, and then a few of them are sold as suites where there is sort of multiple products or the entire product line across them.
Mark Peek: I would add that, what we began to see in the second half of last year was this suite sale where a customer would buy all of our financials and all of our HCM products. And when you do the suite sales, those are driven by financials much more than by IHR and that's a really positive trend for us. Most of the suite sales happen in the  what I would define as the midmarket 1000 to 5000 employee segment.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Laura Lederman with William Blair.
Laura Lederman - William Blair: I've got two actually. Can you talk about the impetus you see most often or the impetuses, if theres such a word, you see most often where people decide they want to make a switch? Is it that they're facing an upgrade, is that the most common? Can you kind of go through some of the most general things that you see in terms of what prompts somebody to decide to look at Workday? 
Aneel Bhusri: Sure. Actually, that is the biggest driver, Laura. I was actually out on some sales calls yesterday in the Midwest, and the biggest issue is facing an upgrade of a legacy system, looking at the next version of that legacy system, and coming to the conclusion it's a very expensive upgrade and you don't get very much for it. At that point, they look at alternatives, and at that point, hopefully Workday pops on their list and that really has been the same pattern really for the last several years.  If there is any other driver, I do think in a world where there are certain sectors that are very, very focused on employees and are hiring and maintaining the best employees is a challenge, that they're looking at these systems as improving employee engagement and bringing a much better experience to their employees and managers. And that's -- I'd say that's a newer driver over the last 12 months.
Laura Lederman - William Blair: One final question from me which is you mentioned that you are now doing well in the middle market, you are replacing different vendors there. Can you talk about the different types of vendors that you are seeing (inaudible)?
Aneel Bhusri: Rather than names, I would say that we will replace companies where they were using potentially a payroll service bureau solution and now -- and minimal HR and now they want a full HR or they are using a midmarket on-premise system might be candidly a Great Plains. It might be a loss and while its not a tier one ERP system, its still a good on-premise system, and in most of those cases, they bought a full suite. And so theyd like to buy a full suite in the cloud to replace that, which is why the suite sales work so well for us. 
Mike Haase: Okay. Thank you everyone. That concludes the call.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in todays earnings call. You may now disconnect. And have a great day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2012-11-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Haase  VP, Finance, Treasurer and IR Mark Peek  CFO Aneel Bhusri  Chairman, Co-Founder and Co-CEO
Analysts: Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley Heather Bellini  Goldman Sachs John DiFucci  JP Morgan Jason Maynard  Wells Fargo Brendan Barnicle  Pacific Crest Securities Richard Davis  Canaccord Genuity Pat Walravens  JMP Securities Peter Goldmacher  Cowen & Co. Brent Thill  UBS Laura Letterman  William Blair Mark Murphy  Piper Jaffray
Operator: Welcome to Workday's third quarter earnings call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. With that, I will hand the call over to Mike Haase. Please proceed.
Mike Haase: Welcome to Workday's third quarter fiscal 2013 earnings conference call. On the call we have Aneel Bhusri, our Chairman and Co-CEO, and Mark Peek, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, we will take questions. Our press release was issued after close of market and is posted on our website where this call is being simultaneously webcast. Statements made on this call include forward-looking statements such as those with the words will, believe, expect, anticipate and similar phrases that denote future expectation or intent regarding our financial results, applications, customer demand, operations and other matters. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and the risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our registration statement on form S-1 for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, during today's call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures, which are used as measures of Workday's performance, should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or an isolation from, GAAP results. Our non-GAAP measures exclude the effect on our GAAP results of stock-based compensation and an equity grant to the Workday Foundation. You can find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations with comparable GAAP results in our earnings press release which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website. Webcast replay of this call will be available for the next 45 days on our company website under the Investor Relations link. Our fourth quarter quiet period begins at the close of business January 17, 2013. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all financial comparisons in this call will be to our results for the comparable period of our fiscal 2012. With that, let me hand it over to Mark.
Mark Peek: Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our first investor and analyst earnings call as a public company. We are very pleased with our results during the fiscal third quarter ended October 31 which included the addition of 31 new customers including Hewlett-Packard for HCM and J.B. Hunt for Financials. At the end of the third quarter we had a total of 356 customers. Just three weeks after our IPO on the New York Stock Exchange, we kicked off our annual user conference Workday Rising. The event was a big success with more than 2,500 attendees compared to 1,400 last year. We had over 170 prospect companies in attendance and are very enthusiastic about the future and our competitive position. It is clear that we can now serve the largest and most complex companies in the world for HCM, and with a superior user experience and ROI. Our progress and confidence in achieving a similar position for our Financials products remain strong. Aneel will cover Rising and some of our recent product announcements in more detail. Total third quarter revenues increased 99% to $73 million and our subscription revenue, which is the growth driver of our business, increased 116% compared to the same period last year. Our non-GAAP operating loss was $23.5 million or 32.3% of revenue in the fiscal third quarter compared to a non-GAAP loss of 38% of revenue in our second quarter. Trailing 12-month operating cash flows for the third quarter were again near the breakeven mark at a negative $1.4 million. Our balance sheet is strong with cash and investments of $797 million, including $685 million of net proceeds received from our IPO and unearned revenue of $252 million. As I know some of you are new to Workday, I want to briefly review how our software-as-a-service business model works. Our customers pay us subscription fees that are typically based on the total number of workers within the organization and the number of Workday applications to which they have subscribed. We start recognizing revenue upon delivery of the first software tenant, usually about a week after contract signing. Most of our customer agreements are for three years and are non-cancellable. In a typical contract, the first year of a multiyear contract is billed and recorded on our balance sheet as unearned revenue. The unbilled portion of the contract remains off our balance sheet as backlog until billed. We plan to provide total backlog information once a year during our yearend earnings call. As a reminder, backlog as disclosed in our IPO prospectus was $325 million as of the end of our second quarter. Unearned revenue plus backlog at the end of July totaled $572 million. Subscription renewals of existing customer contracts are currently not a material component of our business as we have had relatively small number of contracts up for renewal. However, as our human capital management and financial applications are typically implemented as platform decisions and our core systems of record for our customers' operations, we anticipate high customer retention. With this background, I'll now walk you through the financial results. Total revenues for the third quarter were $73 million, an increase of 99% from a year ago. The vast majority of our sales are currently in US dollars, so there is minimal impact from exchange rates. Subscription revenues for our cloud applications were $52 million, up 116% from last year. As subscription revenues are recognized ratably, our revenue growth represents the service we have provided to all of our 350-plus customers. The weighted average duration of contracts signed in recent quarters has been within a range of three-and-a-half to four years. The third quarter was consistent with this range at approximately 3.6 years. Our services revenue was $21 million, an increase of 67% compared to last year. Our primary objective with our services business is to maximize customer satisfaction and is therefore not a revenue growth driver. Three years ago our systems integrator partners provided about 50% of our customer deployments. Today they are the prime deployment partner with approximately 80% of our new customers. Total unearned revenue at quarter-end was $252 million, up 64% from a year ago. Over 90% of our unearned revenue is from subscription fees. Short-term unearned revenue was $164 million, an increase of 8% sequentially and 79% from last year. Long-term deferred revenue was $88 million, down 8% sequentially and up 41% from last year. During this fiscal year, as our balance sheet strengthened, we changed our sales compensation structure to de-emphasize multiple year upfront cash collection to finance the business. So the percentage of the contract billed upfront is comparably less than in prior periods. This change negatively impacts the comparisons to our unearned revenue, calculated billings and cash flows, but in the long term we believe it improves the economics of our business. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we are mindful about the macroeconomic environment and the impact of the fiscal cliff on enterprise procurement behavior. However, the strength of our business model and continued momentum provide very good revenue visibility and we expect a solid fourth quarter. Total revenues for the fourth quarter are expected to be within a range of $75 million to $79 million or a growth of 74% to 83% as compared to the prior year. Subscription revenue is anticipated to be within a range of $56 million to $58 million, reflecting year-over-year growth of 93% to 100%. When we report the results of our fourth quarter, we expect to provide revenue guidance for our fiscal year ending January 2014. However, as you think about the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we currently expect billings to be slightly down sequentially from our fourth quarter, representing seasonality of the enterprise software sales cycle. Let's spend a few minutes on operating expenses and our results of operations. Unless otherwise noted, all references to our expenses and operating results are on a non-GAAP basis which are reconciled in the press release tables and posted on our IR website. Our total headcount at the end of the quarter was 1,620 people. This reflects an increase of 168 in the quarter and an increase of 524 people since the beginning of the fiscal year. Approximately two-thirds of our total non-GAAP expenses are employee-related. Our third quarter gross margin was 59%. We anticipate improvements to our gross margin over time as a percentage of revenue generated from software subscriptions should grow faster than our professional services revenue. The third quarter subscription gross margin was 81% and includes the costs related to providing our cloud applications, compensation and related expenses for operations staff, and data center networking and depreciation. Our third quarter operating loss measured on a non-GAAP basis was $23.5 million or a negative 32.3%. This was better than expected and largely the result of operating leverage. The timing of our hiring during the quarter, modestly slower than expected hiring, and most of our capital spending occurring at the end of the quarter resulting in lower-than-expected depreciation charges. We do not currently expect margin improvement and in fact you should expect our operating loss to increase as we continue to invest. Product development expense in the third quarter was $26.8 million, up 16% sequentially and 66% from a year ago. We continue to invest in our product development as we strengthen and extend our suite of applications, particularly in financial management. Our HR and financial management applications are enterprise system of record applications at the core of our customers' business. We are building solutions for large, complex global enterprises, and we believe continued investment in our applications will be a key driver of future growth. Sales and marketing expense was $31.6 million, up 9% sequentially and up 76% from last year. We currently have sales representatives in fewer than 10 countries and plan to make significant investments over the next several years to leverage our global market expansion efforts. General and administrative expense was $8.1 million, up 22% sequentially and 153% year over year. Increase is primarily a result of adding staff to support the needs of a public company. The non-GAAP loss per share was $0.39 on 62 million weighted average shares. During the quarter we issued 26.2 million shares in the IPO and converted all of the outstanding preferred shares to common shares. Given our net loss, all outstanding stock options and common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive and not included in the loss per share calculation. We anticipate our fourth quarter weighted average share count for GAAP calculations to be approximately 161 million to 163 million shares. As mentioned, we expect our operating loss to increase in the fourth quarter as a result of increased headcount and professional fees, costs associated with Workday Rising, and increased sales compensation. Taking into account our adjustments to GAAP operating income that Mike disclosed at the start of the call, we currently expect our fiscal fourth quarter non-GAAP operating loss to be within a range 42% to 44% of total revenue. For the full year, we expect the non-GAAP operating margin to be within a range of negative 36% and 37% of revenue. The GAAP operating margin for the fiscal fourth quarter is expected to be 8 to 9 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP margin. And the full-year 2013 GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 10 to 11 percentage points lower than the non-GAAP operating margin. Our third quarter GAAP results also include a one-time charge of $11.3 million from our contribution of 500,000 shares to the Workday Foundation. Now on to our balance sheet and statements of cash flows. Cash and short-term investments at quarter-end were $797 million, up $675 million from Q2, driven by net IPO proceeds of $685 million. Third quarter operating cash flows were a negative $9.4 million for the third quarter and a negative $1.4 million for the trailing 12 months. Free cash flows for the quarter were a negative $23.8 million and for the trailing 12 months a negative $32.2 million. When calculating free cash flows, we conservatively subtract the gross value of all equipment even when acquired under capital leases so we can evaluate our progress on free cash flows independent of our capital financing decisions. To summarize, we are very pleased with our solid third quarter performance and want to thank all of the Workday employees, our partners and our customers. We are investing for the long term and see a very large opportunity in front of us. You should expect us to continue making significant investments in our product development and global market expansion to maximize our long-term growth opportunities. Now I will hand it over to Aneel.
Aneel Bhusri: Thanks, Mark. I want to start by joining Mike and Mark in welcoming everyone to our first analyst call as a public company. I also wanted to thank those of you that spent time with us before and during our IPO event. From a company update perspective, the big event of the last few months, other than our IPO, was our annual user conference Workday Rising, the sixth such conference we've had since starting the company. At this year's gathering we had over 2,500 attendees including people from over 170 prospect companies, and total attendance was up 80% over 2011. During our main keynote, Dave and I talked about our continuing focus on innovation and customer satisfaction and made three major product announcements. The first major announcement was the general availability of Workday 18, our newest update pack full of new features. I wanted to highlight a few of them. First one being global capabilities for Financials, including enhanced global tax and payment support and expanded reporting. Secondly, industry-specific functionality for education and government, including fund accounting and a new grants management application. Thirdly, enhanced mobile support for both iOS and HTML 5 platforms. And lastly, mobile and web time clocks to support our new time tracking application. The second announcement was the introduction of Workday Recruiting. This was an important area of demand from our customers having been the number one requested new application from our HCM Customer Advisory Council for the past three years. Designed from the ground up to work seamlessly with our core HR and onboarding applications, Workday Recruiting is a fresh take on today's recruiting challenges. Some of the key elements include a core design around hiring teams using a mobile first approach, built-in pipeline and sourcing analytics, and the ability to evaluate internal and external candidates for job openings. We expect Workday Recruiting to be available to our customer design partners in late 2013 and will be generally available in the first half of 2014. And finally, our third announcement was the introduction of a new line of business for us which we are calling Workday Big Data Analytics. Leveraging the powerful Hadoop framework, Workday will shortly be delivering a new platform that will enable customers to combine external data with Workday data in a single data store to be used for reporting and analytics purposes. This new platform will handle any type of data including structured data, unstructured data, documents, machine-generated data, and social feeds of the likes of Twitter, Facebook and Google Plus. Indeed one of the major advantages of Hadoop over relational technology is its ability to handle all of this unstructured data which now accounts for more than 80% of the data being generated today. As it relates to our Big Data Analytics, it's also worth noting that we've taken a technology approach that enables customers to have the same user experience and same security model that they are already accustomed as Workday customers. And leveraging the scale and architecture of Hadoop, we believe we can deliver our analytics platform at a fraction of the cost of proprietary hardware-oriented data warehouse offerings. We've been working on our Big Data Analytics since the beginning of the year and have already made a lot of progress towards availability. As such, we expect this new offering to be available in limited release in the first half of 2013 and will be generally available in the second half of 2013. We have already received quite a bit of interest in this new offering from customers and prospects alike, many of whom are dealing with the costs and complexities of traditional data warehouse offerings. So that's a quick run-through of our major announcements at Workday Rising. Taken together, Workday 18, Recruiting and Big Data Analytics demonstrate our desire and our ability to continually innovate for our customers. And lastly and in many ways more importantly, my co-founder Dave announced the results for Annual Customer Satisfaction Survey at Workday Rising. We are pleased to say that 97% of our customers were positive about Workday, a number that we believe is significantly higher than those given to traditional legacy vendors. Our results were supported by an independent survey done by CedarCrestone where Workday was ranked the number one vendor amongst all HCM vendors in terms of customer satisfaction. Before I end, I'd like to thank our customers, employees and partners for their commitment to Workday. With them we look forward to a busy fourth quarter. And now I will turn it back to Mike for the Q&A session.
Mike Haase: Thanks, Aneel. Operator, let's begin the Q&A process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley: Thanks very much, and congratulations to you all for a terrific first quarter as a public company. My first question is about the customer adds in the quarter, a good number obviously. Could you talk a little bit about what you saw from a -- in terms of the modules and services that folks are adopting? And specifically, can you talk about what the Financials product and service and what you can say there?
Mark Peek: Sure. Largely, as we look at the overall opportunity, we are best-of-class from an HCM perspective in enterprises, and so we continue to have a lot of green field in front of us in HCM. And so HCM becomes -- it really drives our business and our new customer acquisition. We're seeing more and more customers along the way, however, add payroll, add time tracking and add modules around HCM. At this point we're not going to break out the number of customers by product for each quarter, we may provide that annually. But we're seeing the same type of momentum with Financials that we'd seen prior to the IPO.
Aneel Bhusri: Just to add that we're very pleased to add J.B. Hunt as a customer for Financials. They're a large public company. It's another step along the way of our ability to show that we can scale our financial products to meet the needs of large companies.
Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley: Terrific. And just turning if I could to renewals, you noted in the prepared comments that renewals weren't material, but stuff did you see in terms of renewal activity in the quarter and what gives you confidence as you get in the deeper renewals that you're going to have very high renewal rates?
Mark Peek: Yeah, our history has been, just given the length of our contracts, the history on renewals right now is very light and so we dont have a lot of data points. But what we're seeing is that customers that are up for renewal are renewing. They typically renew at more than 100% of the original contract. This is partly based on the contract terms, and as they add people to their businesses, the renewal fee also increases.
Aneel Bhusri: And I would add, Adam, that in many ways it's similar to ERP wave on client server. When a customer chose a solution whether it's PeopleSoft or one of the other vendors, they typically stuck with that solution and they're only coming back to market now with the shift to the cloud. And I would expect the same trend with the cloud. Once a company picks a system of record for HR, for finance, they'll likely stick with it through this lifecycle of technology, unless frankly the vendor screws up. And we dont plant on screwing up.
Adam Holt  Morgan Stanley: Terrific. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Heather Bellini  Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much, and I will echo my congratulations, great quarter and nice debut to the public markets. I was wondering, Aneel, if you could share with us what were kind of the two or three biggest themes you heard from customers at Workday Rising. And I guess I'm wondering what they're asking you to focus on next. And then the follow-up question would be, at this type of event, I guess what's the typical timeframe from a customer signing up for HCM to them adding another Workday product? What's that timetable? Is it starting to shrink versus maybe what you would have seen a few years ago? Thank you.
Aneel Bhusri: Okay. On the second part of the question, I dont think there's any straight pattern about when a customer decides to take on a new module. Every new module is driven by generally a business case around that new module. Typically what will happen is the customer will get live on core HR and then evaluate what other projects they'd like to take on. And the big difference between now and two years ago, we have modules like payroll that are now mature product offerings. We have modules like time tracking coming online. We just have a lot more modules that they can choose from. I'd say that's the biggest change. In terms of the first part of the question, I'd say at the highest level our customers are really, really happy. And that came through in spades for anyone that was at the user conference. I think that one of the themes that my co-founder Dave always talks about is the power of one, having everybody on the same update. And so it creates this great sense of community and sharing amongst our customers on new features that they want or how they're using existing features. And so I think in general the mood was very, very positive. The biggest request frankly over the last couple of Risings had been recruiting. And so we announced it probably a little bit earlier than we wanted to, but we had already started talking to customers about it, we have signed up several design partners for it, and that was very well-received. And I think that would be the biggest area I'd highlight. Everything else, from feature function, if you'd seen the Forrester report recently, we're already ahead of the legacy systems, so in most cases on the HR side people are very happy with where the functionality is.
Heather Bellini  Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John DiFucci with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
John DiFucci  JP Morgan: Thank you. I have a question for Mark and then a follow-up for Aneel. Mark, just about everything -- every number you guys put up here is better than we were looking for, except for total deferred revenue, which was about in line, though it looks like all of that was really due to long-term deferred revenue, and you did a good job explaining in the prepared remarks that your billings period has been shortened by design. I'm just curious though, was there anything else other than that affected the long-term deferred revenue?
Mark Peek: No, John. It's really about the amount of cash that we're collecting upfront from our customers and that is in fact by design. It was about a year of annual contract value for this quarter. And that's an area where we feel really comfortable at this stage. One other element that's more of minor component to deferred revenue is professional services in deferred revenue, and that number is declining and that just is largely because we have -- the revenue recognition that does require us to defer revenue and bundle the pricing. But that's a relatively small factor.
John DiFucci  JP Morgan: Okay, great. And I just want to make sure I heard, you said it's about a year of annual contract value is billed?
Mark Peek: It's about a year.
John DiFucci  JP Morgan: Okay, great. And Aneel, just to follow up, you mentioned Workday Big Data Analytics, which sounds really interesting, but how important has it been to customers that Workday has traditional analytics capability embedded in the product?
Aneel Bhusri: I think that's one of the biggest selling features for Workday; you don't have to buy a third-party business intelligence system. The demand that we're hitting with the big data application, just to take it a step further, customers want to bring in third-party data and do the heavy-duty reporting that they're used to with traditional warehouses, and with this new offering we now give them that capability as well, and frankly it goes far beyond the traditional data warehouse solutions in terms of the kinds of data and the scale of data it can handle.
John DiFucci  JP Morgan: Okay, great. Nice job, guys. Thank you.
Mark Peek: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Jason Maynard  Wells Fargo: Hi, good afternoon, guys, and congrats on the quarter. I had two questions for you, Aneel. First, I'd love to get your take on what were the buying triggers that you saw really this quarter, even in the past few quarters, around adopting HR? And then second, what are you seeing maybe similar, different in those triggers that are prompting customers to move to the financial management applications? Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: So, the triggers really havent changed much over the last few years. I'd say the number one trigger is that customer is facing an upgrade of a legacy system. At that point they'll get a proposal from an SI or they'll look to do it themselves, and it'll be in the tens of millions of dollars. They'll have heard about the cloud, they'll have hopefully heard about Workday, and they'll explore alternatives. And that's where we typically intersect an opportunity, really around an upgrade. At that point we show them basically a new way of doing business in the cloud, a much better user experience, lower cost of ownership. And importantly now, the way we embrace mobile is becoming a huge leverage point, and I think that's becoming more and more important in the sales cycles.
Jason Maynard  Wells Fargo: And in the financial application area, what would you say is similar or different as you start to really engage with that product in the marketplace?
Aneel Bhusri: I'd say it's very similar. The one addition in financial applications is the fact that it's much easier to generate business information for analytics purposes, especially with our concept of Worktags where we can basically tag a business event in any sort of dimensions and then report against that as opposed to trying to work through a code block and trying to get business information out of an accounting system. We actually built a business system that happens to generate accounting data which is sort of flipping it on its head. But other than that, the dynamics are very similar, it's typically around the painful upgrade for a legacy system.
Jason Maynard  Wells Fargo: All right. Thank you very much. Congrats.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities. Please proceed.
Brendan Barnicle  Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks so much, guys, and great first quarter out of the box. Aneel, I want to follow up just quickly on the Big Data Analytics product. As you think about that longer term, do you guys envision building your own apps that you'll sell to customers or run on that, or is it something that will be purely a platform for which customers will build their own application?
Aneel Bhusri: I envision us delivering pre-packaged applications, but they won't be the same kinds of business process applications that you get from a transactional system. There'll be the kinds of applications that might be profitability by customer, those kinds of analytic apps. And I dont suspect that we'll charge extra for those; those will be part of the platform. I think the biggest use will be customers coming up with their own custom apps that are very specific to their industries. For example, we showed at Rising was one working with our customer AIG to understand employee performance tied to the sales of claims and policies. And we wouldn't have imagined that that kind of example were not close enough to the insurance business to do that, but it was a natural opportunity for AIG to say, hey, this is how we would this kind of big data platform. And I suspect we will see a lot of that, people will solve problems that are very unique to their businesses with this platform.
Brendan Barnicle  Pacific Crest Securities: Great. Then, Mark, I had two quick follow-ups. You mentioned that billings will be down sequentially, but I just wanted to be clear that's billings, not revenue, down sequentially as we go into Q1. And then also if you had any other color on your commentary about slower hiring, is that environment more challenging, maybe a little more color on what was slowing that down?
Mark Peek: Yes. On billings, our current thought, and we'll give more guidance on fiscal '14 when we report back to you in late February or early March, is that billings will be down sequentially in the first quarter relative to the first quarter. But just given the model around subscription revenue recognition, we'd certainly expect subscription revenues to be up sequentially. Professional services is a bit lumpier and it's really partly dependent upon demand, partly dependent upon how much we're able to have the ecosystem do as the prime. So that's the one area that we'll continue to believe -- I believe has some volatility as you look at total revenues over time. On hiring, it was really just one of the factors as we went through a very busy summer with the IPO, preparing for Rising, our expansion of products with a product release is that hiring was a little bit slower than we had anticipated for the third quarter, which led to the part of the operating performance that you saw, which was frankly better than we had anticipated. It's not something that we're particularly concerned about at this point. It's important to note that we've -- when you look at a trailing 12 months, we've grown our headcount by 75%, and so there's just a lot of growth and we're making sure that we take time to do quality, not quantity as we add people to the company. But it was a factor in the operating performance. And as we indicated in the guidance for operating results for the fourth quarter, we think we'll do some catch-up in hiring during this quarter, and [we've really had strength] so far.
Brendan Barnicle  Pacific Crest Securities: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Canaccord. Please proceed.
Richard Davis  Canaccord Genuity: Hey, thanks. Kind of a follow-up just off of what Brendan asked. A lot of times I talk to software [heads] and kind of find out where people are going from and where they're going to, and at least one [head] said that he thinks you guys are getting wheelbarrow-full of resumes every day. I'm just assuming that's exuberance. But in terms of quality of people, I mean the fact of the matter is you're trying to sell enterprise -- big enterprise apps. Is it fair to say that you're getting, I dont know, cream of the crop, really good quality people? Because that's the kind of data point that I'm hearing and to me that sounds like good news for you guys in the future.
Aneel Bhusri: I think we're getting cream of the crop. And as my co-founder Dave likes to say, at some level sales people are [corn-operated] and they go to places where they feel like they can sell well, and that has definitely worked. We also try to go to places where they believe the product is strong and there's a great culture, and I think we have all of those things working on our behalf right now. I'd say one of the places where we really haven't tapped into sales hiring to a great extent is in Europe and other parts of the world, and now we're beginning to do that. And there's clearly a group of people that want to join Workday that we're able to tap into that are ready to go.
Richard Davis  Canaccord Genuity: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Pat Walravens with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Pat Walravens  JMP Securities: Great, thank you. I have two questions, I'll just put them both out there first. The first question is, I know you havent guided for fiscal '14, but is there anything you can share with investors in terms of how they should be thinking about that at this point? And then secondly, Aneel, maybe for you, by our math you have something like half of a percent of the ERP market to date. Where do you see that going? Thank you very much.
Mark Peek: Yeah, Pat, just on fiscal '14, we're really just beginning the planning process now for '14 and it's dependent upon a lot of factors. We're looking, I think like all enterprise companies, at the macro environment, even though the US election is past us, there still is a lot of uncertainty about tax legislation and the fiscal cliff and there's a certain element of nervousness. So we're approaching fiscal '14 at this stage cautiously, although not letting up on the pedal as far as it goes for investments because we are building complex products and we're building this company for the long term. So, outside of the fact that we believe billings will be down sequentially from Q1 versus Q4, we don't really have a lot of color around fiscal '14.
Aneel Bhusri: On your market share question, we're still in the very early innings, and we take the point of view that this is a platform shift much like we saw from mainframe to client server, and that over the next 10 to 15 years everybody is going to go into the cloud at least for the cross-industry applications like CRM, HR and finance. And I think that as time passes on that becomes clearer and clearer that's the case. And so if you look at that, our chunk is the HR and finance market. And we still come across companies today that skips client server, still running mainframe applications, but I got to believe that's less than 10% of the market. So maybe in the next 10 years 80%, 90% of the market switches over to cloud for HR and finance applications, much like what's happened in CRM. You can do your math but it's a massive market opportunity and we do consider it a market share land grab opportunity and we constrain our growth really by our ability to support customers, not by market opportunity.
Pat Walravens  JMP Securities: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Peter Goldmacher with Cowen & Co. Please proceed.
Peter Goldmacher  Cowen & Co.: Hi, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Mark Peek: Yes.
Peter Goldmacher  Cowen & Co.: One of the interesting dynamics you're selling into when you're competing against Oracle and SAP is these guys have been able to bundle contracts. So it gets harder to, say, make a straight swap, cancel maintenance and go with a new product. Can you talk a little bit about that dynamic and how it impacts your sales cycles?
Aneel Bhusri: That dynamic comes up, but when they're facing an upgrade, the cost of the software is actually the smallest part of the cost. It's the cost of the reimplementation of the legacy package that's the great big part of it. So, is it problematic for customers? Yes. Does it get in the way of them moving off the legacy systems? No. Because it's the cost of the implementation an ongoing support cost for those legacy packages that really drives 90% of the cost.
Peter Goldmacher  Cowen & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS. Please proceed.
Brent Thill  UBS: Thanks. Good afternoon. Aneel, just on the SI channel, can you just talk through what you're seeing in terms of the shift and what some of the big traditional SIs are doing in terms of their capacity builds and maybe just give us a sense of kind of who's coming on the strongest and what you're seeing from a very high level? And I had a quick follow-up for Mark.
Aneel Bhusri: Sure. We've seen a market shift in the last two years. The SIs have really begun to embrace Workday in a big way and around the globe. The one that led that transition is Deloitte, and they doubled down by buying a company called Aggressor earlier in the year. Second is Accenture, and rapidly catching up are IBM and PwC. And we've also had a great partnership with Towers Watson from the early days. So we see it across the board from the SI community making big investments. We've also seen now with Aon Hewitt buying a boutique as well, that there's an opportunity for us to go after the BPO market as well, with the partnership of Aon Hewitt. So, really all the big SI firms including BPO providers are getting very heavily invested in Workday.
Brent Thill  UBS: Great. Just as a quick follow-up, when you think about the international build-out, can you just help us understand the high-level milestones that you're hoping to pass over the next couple of years from just a high level perspective? That would be great. Thanks.
Aneel Bhusri: It's coming off of a small number. We don't share those breakouts at this point. But the business in Europe is growing quite a bit faster than the business in the US, and I would expect that that continues with the foreseeable future and expands into the new markets. We're entering France right now. We expect to enter more markets in Asia. Over time we'll enter in really all of Europe and all of Asia. And so that's all really still in front of us. The UK is really our first -- was our first big market, and we're doing very, very well in the UK.
Brent Thill  UBS: Thank you.
Mike Haase: Operator, we're going to take two more questions. Thanks.
Operator: No problem. We will now take two more questions. Your next question comes from the line of Laura Letterman with William Blair. Please proceed.
Laura Letterman  William Blair: Thank you for taking my questions, and my congratulations on the quarter as well. Can you talk a little bit about milestones for the financial product in terms of what you see going forward that will help you compete even more effectively for global financial deals? I mean, new modules, do you think need reference customers? In other words, give us some milestones to look at in terms of understanding your success in that business long term.
Aneel Bhusri: So the financial products are at a stage where HR products were about, two years ago, were very closing the gap with legacy systems, I would guess for about 80%, 85% of the way there. And I believe that we'll close most of that gap in the next 12 months. The second piece is scalability, the scalability of the system. Today we're comfortable selling to medium enterprises. In a year we'll be able to sell to large enterprises. And it's just the natural evolution of the technology platform, much like we experienced in HR. There's just more demand on financials from an online transaction processing perspective. We measure it in terms of the ability to edit journal lines, and by the end of this year will be around 50 million journal line edits or the ability to edit journal line -- 50 million lines. And we would hope that by the end of next year it's double to 100 million journal lines. And when you start getting to those levels, at the end of next calendar year, I would suspect while we might not be a fit for Fortune50 company, we'll be a fit for a typical Fortune1000, Fortune500 kind of company, and over time we'll just continue to scale and grow the functionality much like we have on the HR side. The last item is just the global capabilities, and we added a lot of that with Workday 18 and we'll continue to add that with Workday 19, 20 and 21. And so we're very, very bullish on what we see with Financials, and it's following almost the exact trajectory as a charted, as the product matures, it opens up more market and we gain more and more customers. From a referenceable customer perspective, we're in pretty good shape there. We've got some very good go-lives coming soon in the form of Netflix next year and Lifetime Fitness is live with a lot of our financial products and we're going live with the rest of it. Chuck E. Cheese's at some point next year will be going live. So we have several important companies going live. And we already have about 15 companies live on the system today.
Laura Letterman  William Blair: Great. And one final question for me, if you look at the pipeline complexion now versus a year ago, are the type of companies bigger in the pipeline? Are you seeing more Oracle visa vie SAP replacements in the pipeline? So I'm just trying to understand how it looks today versus let's say a year ago or even six months ago.
Aneel Bhusri: Well, on the HR side, I think you just have to look at the names we just signed like DuPont and HP. There's just not many companies bigger than HP. I think on the HR side we can pretty much sell to any size commercial enterprise on the planet at this point. So I dont see any constraints on the HR side. On the financial side, probably feeling comfortable selling to companies 5,000 to 10,000 employees now, and by the end of next year, hopefully that's in the 25,000 to 30,000 employee size. And that's reflected in the pipeline.
Laura Letterman  William Blair: Thank you.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Mark Murphy  Piper Jaffray: Yes, thank you, Mark. You had mentioned a change in the upfront billings mix, and I'm wondering if you can maybe ballpark the year-over-year impact that that had on your current deferred revenue just so that we could try to get a better feel for your true underlying billings growth?
Mark Peek: Yeah, Mark, it's -- if you think about it, for Q2 we ran at about 120% of ACV, and as I mentioned earlier on the call, it's about 100% this year. It has moved around a bit, and one of the things that's important to understand about our business is that it can be lumpy. If you look at the size of the customers that we sign and you look at the names that we signed this quarter, on the other end of that spectrum there are smaller companies and sub $1 million total contract value accounts that we signed. And so we're really covering the spectrum. And it's not every quarter that you'll sign an HP or a DuPont or a Yale University. So it's an enterprise sale, and enterprise sales have long lead times to them as well. But right now we're comfortable with the fact that we have strong balance sheet, adequate financing, and that, you know, collecting a year upfront on billings is about where we're comfortable. Sometimes customers want to pay more upfront, and we'll certainly talk to them about that when they want to do so.
Mark Murphy  Piper Jaffray: Thank you. And also, Aneel, I wanted to ask a question on your expense product, wondering how broadly adopted that is within your customer base, if you can talk about it even qualitatively. And are customers realizing any kind of significant synergy in using an expense product that's inherently integrated with their ACM or their payroll system, or in some cases, with their financial system? And if so, how frequently do you think that they're migrating off of another vendor's expense product when they adopt yours?
Aneel Bhusri: So you actually basically said it perfectly. For a company that is primarily people-based, which is many of the technology companies, professional services companies, financial services companies, the seamless integration between expenses and the core HR system is very valuable. You can really look at cost data at an employee level in a completely holistic way. And so we've had quite a few customers embrace that. We're not breaking out how many people are using, but at this point I would say most of the people coming over to expenses are coming over from legacy systems. I haven't seen that many replacements of Concur; I think Concur is a great company. And in general we're replacing the legacy systems of the past, from an expense perspective.
Mark Murphy  Piper Jaffray: Great. Thank you very much.
Mike Haase: Okay. Thank you, everyone. That concludes the call. We'll talk to you next quarter.

===== 2013 Q2  (2012-08-23 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jamaria, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the salesforce.com Q2 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Havlek, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
David Havlek: Thanks, Jamaria, and good afternoon to everyone joining us today to discuss salesforce.com's second quarter fiscal year 2013 results. The details of our results can be found in a press release issued about an hour ago or in our Form 8-K filed with the SEC.
 In addition, I'm thrilled to announce today that we'll be tweeting the highlights of our call on Twitter for the first time ever. This is an exciting addition to our call and in making our broadcast even more accessible. To join us on Twitter, you can follow us at the handle @salesforce_ir.
 Here to discuss our second quarter performance today are Marc Benioff, Chairman and CEO, who's in a very good mood today; as well as Graham Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. Marc and Graham will be making a few comments, and then we'll open things up to your questions. [Operator Instructions] During our discussion today, either in our prepared remarks or in our response to your questions, we may offer incremental metrics to provide greater insight into the dynamics of our business or our quarterly results. Please be advised that the additional details may be onetime in nature and may or may not be provided in the future.
 In addition, please also note that our commentary today will primarily be in non-GAAP terms. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP metrics for both our reported results and our forward guidance can be found in our earnings press release.
 It's also possible that we may reference certain unreleased services or features not yet currently available on our discussion today. Because we cannot guarantee that future timing or availability of these services or features, we recommend customers listening today to make their purchase decisions based on services and features that are currently available.
 With that, let me make this call official with a brief Safe Harbor. The primary purpose of today's call is to provide you with information regarding our fiscal second quarter 2013 performance. Some of our discussion and responses to your questions may contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Should any of these risks or uncertainties materialize or should our assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual company results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements.
 All of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, of course, as well as other information on potential risk factors that could affect our financial results are included in our forms filed with the SEC, including our most recent report on Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading Risk Factors. 
 To access the press release or historical results or any of our SEC filings, the webcast replay of today's call or simply to learn more about Salesforce, I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website at salesforce.com/investors.
 All right, let's go ahead and get this thing started. Let me turn the call over to Marc. 
Marc Benioff: Hey, thanks, David, for the world's largest IR introduction. We're having an outstanding year of growth, and I'm absolutely delighted to share our second quarter results with all of you today. Revenue for the second quarter rose 34% from a year ago to $732 million, and constant currency revenue grew even faster at 37%. Just one year after surpassing a $2 billion annual revenue run rate, we now expect to break through that $3 billion annual revenue run rate threshold next quarter.  Pretty awesome. It was only a couple of years ago that I remember was on the phone with all of you talking about a $1 billion revenue run rate, and now we're at $3 billion.
 Operating cash flow exceeded $130 million, an increase of more than 60% year-over-year. Operating cash flow is one of the very best measurements of success at salesforce.com, and I'm delighted to see this great result. Deferred revenue was more than $1.3 billion, which is up more than 40% year-over-year, and the dollar value of booked business on and off the balance sheet now tops $4.1 billion, up more than 50% year-over-year.
 Given our strong financial results and pipeline of new business, we're thrilled to announce that we're once again raising our full fiscal year 2013 revenue guidance. The high end of our guidance puts us on pace to deliver a full year revenue growth rate of 34%.  Awesome. Since we first gave guidance in November last year, we have now raised our forecast for the year by more than $100 million. This is evidence of continued growth and execution at salesforce.com and the industry's move to social enterprise.
 Salesforce.com is leading customers in their transformation to become social enterprises. Social enterprises are able to connect with customers, partners and employees in entirely new ways. And with our 6 product lines, the Sales Cloud, the Service Cloud, the marketing cloud, Salesforce Chatter, Work.com and Salesforce platform, our customers have the tools to create a true social front office and are revolutionizing the way they sell, service, market, collaborate, work and innovate.  You'll be hearing a lot about that at Dreamforce on September 18 to 21, but more on that later.
 Salesforce.com is the clear leader in sales, service, marketing and cloud platforms. Our flagship, Sales Cloud, is once again the undisputed leader in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for Sales Force Automation this year, in cloud or on-premise.
 The Service Cloud is also the undisputed leader in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for customer service and support in cloud or on-premise, and I'm thrilled to announce that the Service Cloud has broken through the $500 million annual revenue run rate milestone and is well on its way to go to $1 billion. Congratulations to our Service Cloud team for their outstanding execution.
 And you will see at Dreamforce the Salesforce Marketing Cloud, the next $1 billion product line in the making. Gartner predicts that CMOs will soon outspend CIOs over the next 5 years as the social revolution sparks the biggest transformation that the marketing industry has seen since the birth of television nearly 60 years ago.
 With the acquisitions of the 2 #1 social media marketing companies, Buddy Media and Radian6, salesforce.com is now the clear choice for brands to listen, engage, advertise and measure their social marketing programs in a whole new way. And Salesforce's Marketing Cloud already manages more than 10% of Facebook's ad spend.
 The Salesforce platform has been our fastest-growing product line over the past year and will be our fourth $1 billion opportunity. It is the only solution rated by Forrester as a leader in every single platform-as-a-service category for coders and for business experts, for ISVs and for service providers. That's why developers today have coded more than 300,000 applications on our Force.com service and more than 2 million apps on Heroku, making the Salesforce platform the #1 platform for business applications.
 As cloud, mobile and social go to the [ph] heart of salesforce.com social enterprise architecture, the possibilities for innovation are really endless.
 Now let me share with you a few examples of new social enterprise wins from the quarter. Allergan, a growing multi-specialty health care company, is transforming the physician experience with the Sales Cloud, Service Cloud and Salesforce platform. They're building a private social network that are going to give sales and service reps a 360-degree view of the physicians they support. And by moving a number of its apps under the Salesforce platform, Allergan is now -- is delivering a unified brand experience to its global community of physicians on any browser, on any mobile device, across any network.
 And Virgin America is one of the fastest-growing airlines in the country is consistently voted #1 for its customer experience. Virgin is a highly distributed workforce where more than half of its teammates, such as pilots and flight attendants, are constantly on the move. With Salesforce Chatter and Work.com, Virgin is creating a wall-to-wall employee social network to align, motivate and drive teammate performance across its entire workforce, and I'm looking forward to welcome their Chairman, Richard Branson, to Salesforce's Dreamforce on September 19.
 Nestl is the world's leading nutrition, health and wellness company. They chose salesforce.com to connect more than 300,000 employees in what will be the largest Salesforce Chatter deployment ever. With Chatter, Nestl plans to drive a whole new level of employee collaboration from inside the office for any mobile device.
 And Aeon is Asia's largest retailer, with thousands of supermarkets, drug stores and other shopping outlets. They're transforming the supply-chain experience by connecting thousands of suppliers, distributors and employees in a partner social network with the Salesforce platform and the Sales Cloud.
 In addition, Burberry expanded its relationship with salesforce.com in the quarter with a new Social Enterprise License Agreement. Burberry plans to transform the retail store experience for customers by standardizing its entire army of service professionals on the Service Cloud and extending it into the stores with its client selling app. Burberry also plans to use Salesforce's Radian6 to listen and engage with customers right where they are in social networks and will be using Site.com to allow teams to build web pages on the cloud. This complements Burberry's worldwide social enterprise network built on Chatter that's already been deployed to all of their employees.
 Other new or add-on transactions in the second quarter included Axiom, Ashland, Cigna, KBDI, Levi's, Merrill Lynch, Office Depot and Vonage and much, much more.  In every one of these transactions, companies are becoming social enterprises by using our social and mobile cloud platforms to redefine their front office and to reposition their old enterprise software as their back-office solutions.
 Look, there's no better barometer for customer usage than its success in delivering the number of transactions that Salesforce is doing each and every day. Our service continues to support and deliver transactions for customers at an unprecedented scale. Today, our customers have created 1 million workflow rules, which is an increase of 50% year-over-year; 2 million custom objects, which is up nearly 60% year-over-year; and nearly 3 billion lines of Apex Code, which is twice the number from a year ago.
 And I'm delighted to announce that we delivered nearly 60 billion transactions in the quarter, up 66% from a year ago. That's about 900 million transactions every business day. Salesforce.com is now waiting with anticipation for its first billion-transaction day. That will be a huge milestone in enterprise cloud computing when Salesforce delivers 1 billion transactions in a single business day, and it's coming very, very soon. 
 In 3 weeks, salesforce.com will host Dreamforce 2012. It will be the largest event in the history of enterprise software. If you thought last year was unbelievable, wait and see what we have in store this year. We're expecting to reach over 100,000 total attendees, 70,000 registered on-premise attendees and over 30,000 attending online. Dreamforce takes place from September 18 to 21 right here in San Francisco. It will be the industry's largest vendor-led gathering for social enterprises, and we'll have more than 350 partners in the expo and 750 breakout sessions.
 And we will be inspired by some of the world's fastest-growing companies, like Virgin and Burberry, Facebook, Charles Schwab, Activision, General Electric, Coca-Cola, Toyota and so many more, who will share their vision and all the exciting ways that are transforming of their social enterprises.
 They'll be bringing their global CIOs and their chief executive officers as well to talk about how they've achieved next generation of revenue growth. And just as we heard on Kimberly-Clark's earnings call how salesforce.com was paramount in helping them to achieve next-generation revenue growth, we continue to see salesforce.com's customers grow at a much higher level than any other customer of any other software company.  In fact, salesforce.com's customers say that their revenue growth is, on average, 47% higher than their next-stage peers. 
 Join me on stage with a number of special guests talking about growth, innovation and execution at Dreamforce, which will include Richard Branson; Jeff Immelt; Angela Ahrendts; General Colin Powell; as well as a special appearance by motivational guru, Tony Robbins, who will run an entire day focused on how to transform yourself into the next-generation social enterprise; and our musical guest, the Red Hot Chili Peppers. 
 We'll also be hosting the third annual benefit concert for the UCSF Benioff Children's Hospital on Thursday, September 20, which will feature 7-time Grammy-award-winning musical group, Lady Antebellum; and comedian Dana Carvey. If you're interested in a sponsorship or a ticket for the UCSF Benioff Children's Hospital benefit, please go to theconcertforucsfbch.com or go to benioffchildrenshospital/concert.
 To register for Dreamforce, you can go to Dreamforce.com and talk to David. And also please catch me on Mad Money tonight with Jim Cramer in about an hour. I'll look forward to seeing you there.  And with that, let me turn this call over to Graham to discuss the financial details of our second quarter. 
Graham Smith: Thank you, Marc. Well, we delivered another quarter of great operating results in Q2. In the face of significant FX headwinds, we posted strong year-over-year revenue growth, balanced with more than 200 basis points of operating margin improvement.  We also delivered outstanding operating and free cash flow in Q2. In fact, this is our best-ever second quarter cash flow result. 
 So let me take you through the financial highlights, starting with revenue. The second quarter revenue was $732 million, that was up 34% over last year and our sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue growth in the mid-30% range. Excluding a foreign exchange headwind of $17 million, revenue grew 37% over Q2 last year. There's no other enterprise software company of our scale growing at this rate.
 From a geographic perspective, we continue to deliver strong year-over-year revenue growth in each of our major regions. Revenue in the Americas grew 38% to $508 million. Revenue in Europe grew 40% on a constant currency basis and 22% in dollars to $125 million. And finally, revenue in Asia increased 28% in constant currency and 29% in dollars to just under $100 million.
 So with our Q2 results, we achieved a number of regional milestones. We now have a $2 billion annual revenue run rate in the Americas. We have a $500 million annual revenue run rate in Europe and a $400 million annual revenue run rate in Asia.
 In addition to solid new business growth, second quarter revenue was also assisted by our efforts to reduce attrition. Attrition continued its slow but steady decline in dollar terms and remains in the low teens on a percentage basis.
 Moving to the income statement. Non-GAAP operating profit was up 60% over Q2 last year. This translated to improving non-GAAP operating margins of just over 200 basis points year-over-year, driven principally by improvements in G&A but also through better execution in sales and marketing. 
 It's worth noting that second quarter year-over-year operating margin comparison is apples-to-apples since the first anniversary of the Radian6 acquisition was at the beginning of Q2. We continue to grow headcount in the second quarter, adding 430 net new employees to bring our total employee population to more than 8,700.  That's up 38% from the second quarter last year. And as we look to Q3, we expect continued year-over-year headcount growth as a result of organic hiring and from our acquisition of Buddy Media, which will add about 300 new employees to total headcount in the third quarter.
 Turning to earnings, non-GAAP EPS was $0.42 in the second quarter or $0.03 above the high end of our guidance range. While approximately half of our overachievement was driven by the improvement in our operating margin, EPS also benefited from a lower-than-projected share count.
 Turning to cash flow, second quarter operating cash flow was $136 million.  That's up 64% over last year. An increase in accounts payable, partially offset by an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets, contributed approximately $15 million of benefit to operating cash flow in the second quarter. Even excluding this amount, it was still a strong cash quarter.
 For the third quarter, we expect operating cash flow to be lower sequentially and year-over-year for several reasons: first, we expect the approximately $15 million benefit I just described will reverse next quarter, creating a roughly equivalent headwind in Q3; second, we will pay approximately $10 million as the final settlement for the California State wage and hour lawsuit we discussed during the second quarter of last year; and then, third, we expect the acquisition of Buddy Media to reduce operating cash flow by approximately $5 million. Nevertheless, with our strong Q2 and first half cash flow, we still expect full year operating cash flow growth in the low-20% range.
 Cash and equivalents increased by more than $550 million in Q2, driven primarily by a shift from marketable securities as we prepared for the acquisition of Buddy Media. Accounts receivable, which was up 30% over Q2 last year, continues to be well managed, with DSO at 55 days, that's down from 58 days in Q2 last year.  And CapEx in the second quarter was approximately $29 million, that was down 35% over Q2 last year. The year-over-year decline in CapEx is really the result of the exceptionally high level of data center investments we made in Q2 last year.
 For the second half of the year, we expect CapEx to increase meaningfully on a year-over-year basis, driven by new office build-outs and other leasehold improvements. These will be primarily related to our new space in San Francisco at 50 Fremont Street and new offices where -- we've opened in Chicago. 
 Free cash flow, which we define as operating cash flow less CapEx, was $107 million in Q2. That's up 182% over the second quarter last year. For the first half of fiscal 2013, free cash flow was up 83%.
 Turning to the balance sheet. Deferred revenue in the second quarter was approximately $1.3 billion, that's up 43% over Q2 last year. And excluding a year-over-year foreign exchange headwind of approximately $26 million, deferred revenue actually increased 46% over the second quarter last year. And on a sequential quarter basis, in other words, going from Q1 to Q2, deferred revenue was impacted by foreign exchange headwinds of approximately $14 million.
 Deferred revenue in Q2 continued to benefit from the shift toward annual billing that we've discussed on the last 2 calls as well as some of the large multiyear invoice we discussed in Q4. The benefit in Q2 was approximately $120 million. That's compared with a benefit of approximately $145 million in Q1 and approximately $155 million in Q4. We expect this sequential decline in dollar benefit to continue in Q3.
 Excluding these invoicing benefits, second quarter deferred revenue grew by approximately 30% year-over-year, just as it did in Q1, and we expect a similar organic growth rate to deferred revenue in the third quarter. Looking ahead, given the effects I've already described, we now expect reported deferred revenue to grow slightly slower than the 43% growth rate we just reported in Q2.
 Off-balance-sheet backlog or unbilled business that is booked on the contract but not yet invoiced was approximately $2.8 billion in Q2.  That's an increase of more than 50% over Q2 last year. Deferred revenue plus this unbilled backlog now exceeds $4.1 billion.  
 Before I talk through our Q3 and fiscal 2013 guidance, I just want to highlight the impact that the weakening euro is having on our financial results. The change in the euro-dollar rate from just 3 months ago has decreased our second half revenue outlook by approximately $10 million. As Marc mentioned earlier, we've increased the high end of our fiscal 2013 guidance range by $115 million since our Q3 call last year, including Buddy Media, while the euro-dollar rate change since November has reduced our full year revenue forecast by approximately $30 million.
 In the context of these FX headwinds, we're delighted to be raising our full year revenue outlook to $3.025 billion to $3.035 billion, which represents growth of 33% to 34% over FY -- fiscal 2012 and, obviously, includes approximately $25 million from Buddy Media.
 So we now estimate full year non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.48 to $1.51, which reflects our stronger second quarter results as well as the previously announced dilution in the second half from our acquisition of Buddy Media.
 For Q3, we anticipate revenue in the range of $773 million to $777 million for year-over-year growth of approximately 32% to 33%, and we expect Q3 non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.31 to $0.32. All of the underlying assumptions for our non-GAAP guidance as well as our GAAP guidance and a complete GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release issued today.
 So to wrap up, we had another great quarter with strong revenue and deferred revenue growth despite considerable foreign exchange headwinds. At the same time, we demonstrated the strength of our operating model by delivering significant operating margin improvement and cash flow growth. This momentum positions us well for a strong [indiscernible]  
 Before I turn the call over to the operator for Q&A, I just want to encourage you all to register for Dreamforce, where we will be holding our annual investment community forum. Contact David Havlek or the rest of the Investor Relations team for registration details.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Rick Sherlund with Nomura Securities. 
Richard Sherlund: Marc, I'm curious at Dreamforce if we're going to hear a lot more about Rypple and your plans in the HR market. And I wonder if you could address whether it would be logical for us to assume that you're ultimately going to address the broader HR market and financials as well, if that's a logical extension of your business. 
Marc Benioff: Thanks, Rick. At Dreamforce, we're going to be announcing Work.com, which is our rebranding and redevelopment of Rypple. You'll be seeing the kind of the new version of that and our direction there. You'll -- we'll also have with us Aneel Bhusri is the CEO of Workday, and you'll see how we are working hard to integrate with them to deliver a full HR suite to our customers between salesforce.com's Work.com system and Workday. And you'll also see Workday's integration with Chatter as well. We're very excited about our initial focus here into HR. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Holt with Morgan Stanley. 
Adam Holt: I guess my first question is for Marc. Marc, could you talk about what you saw from a large-deal perspective in the quarter and maybe give us an update on how some of the especially large transactions that you did in the fourth quarter and first quarter are ramping in terms of getting up and running? 
Marc Benioff: Sure. The first thing that I'll say is, of course, salesforce.com is not dependent on any one type of transaction to make its quarter happen. We have a rich and full portfolio across small, medium and large business as well as small, medium and large transactions. Salesforce.com had an outstanding quarter in large transactions. We profiled some of those, including Allergan and Virgin and Nestl and others. And we also closed a very large transaction, in fact, one of our very largest transactions ever, with a large networking technology company, which consisted of both a very important renewal plus an extremely large additional ACV or what we call first-year contract component, and so it was really a great quarter for large transactions. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brad Zelnick with Macquarie. 
Brad Zelnick: Can you give us some insight into how signings performed from small business, medium business and large enterprise and of the 3, whichever performed least favorably? Is there anything that you could have done better there? 
Marc Benioff: We saw really excellent performance across enterprise and medium business through all geographic regions, and we saw some softened sales in very, very small businesses in the U.S. that we think are related to the economy.  But as you can see, it didn't affect our total performance as an organization. 
Operator: Our next question is from Walter Pritchard with Citigroup. 
Walter Pritchard: Marc, you mentioned the 10% of Facebook advertising is going through your recently acquired Buddy Media asset. And I'm wondering as you think about sort of your long-term role in the world, is that a role you wish to play sort of an intermediary? And I'm just curious how you're thinking about your need to build out more assets in the social space. It seems like it's kind of the wild, wild west at this point, and you've got a pretty good collection, there's others that are out there. Just curious how complete you view that solution at this point. 
Marc Benioff: I'm really focused on how do we get the marketing cloud to $1 billion in revenue. And our strategy is really, first and foremost, to pick up the #1 asset in the social media marketing, which was Radian6, which we did a year ago. I think when we did that, that would -- made it really clear to everyone that we were going to be a player in marketing for the first time. That was driven primarily by our customers. You probably saw Dell and the Gatorade and even the American Red Cross all had built these social media command centers and started to promote them on YouTube and other vehicles and came to us and said, "This is a company that you should be paying attention to." And we acquired the company for over $300 million. And as part of that transaction, we really started to look at what was happening on the total marketing space. After successfully integrating them a year later, we saw that there was going to be a consolidation in social media management. And our strategy was very simple, we had to once again acquire the #1 player and leave the #2 and the #3 and the #4 player to others, and we did that with Buddy Media. And by putting those 2 #1 players together and 2 outstanding leaders, with Michael Lazerow and Marcel Lebrun, we were able to reconceptualize what those 2 products now have created, which is really a 1 plus 1 equals 3. And we'll demonstrate for that for the first time at Dreamforce. Now as you probably know, just before we acquired Buddy Media, they had acquired Brighter Option, which is a major visionary in terms of how ads will be acquired and placed in social media. And you'll see that as a strategic part of our marketing cloud. Now in terms of that as part of the marketing cloud, we believe that CMOs are going to want their own cockpit to fly, their own fighter jets, because honestly, CMOs are going to start spending much more than CIOs in technology. IBM has said that, a lot of companies have said that. We agree with that and we want to invest so that we can take advantage of that spend. But what no one has delivered yet is really that cockpit for the CMO and for all those marketers integrated with the sales and service solutions so that companies can have a total 360-degree view of their customer from advertising to close.  And we're going to offer that solution at salesforce.com. We're already #1 in sales. We're already #1 in service. It's very clear to everyone, I think, we're going to be #1 in marketing, and of course, we're #1 in business platform. These are really our 4 major strategic growth levers for the company, and then it's complemented by our support of Chatter and collaboration and our entry into work. 
Operator: Our next question is from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. 
Heather Bellini: Marc, I wanted to follow up, you said you're focused on getting the marketing cloud to $1 billion. I guess given -- I was wondering if you could share with us how much evangelism do you think it takes to get to that $1 billion level? And secondly, do you think -- is that partly when you put the collection of assets together, including Buddy Media, including Radian6, is that kind of the type of evangelism that you need is showing kind what the full suite could look like, whereas that wasn't a possibility in the past, for one person to offer everything? 
Marc Benioff: Well, Heather, if you go to our website, you'll see yesterday, we started to roll out the next generation of our home page, which is the next generation of our positioning. And you'll see how sales, service and marketing are at the core of how salesforce.com positions itself. First and foremost, Heather, you know that we've made a dramatic investment over the last decade in building out really the single most productive Salesforce in enterprise cloud computing. And that Salesforce is able to sell a lot of different types of solutions. We've demonstrated its ability to sell sales solutions. We've demonstrated its ability to sell service solutions, and we believe this year we have already started to demonstrate its ability to sell marketing solutions. We have to be able to sell to that chief sales or chief revenue officer. We have to be able to sell to the chief service officer. We have to be able to sell to the chief marketing officer, and we have to be able to sell to the chief information officer. And when you get to Dreamforce, you'll be surprised to see how many chief executive officers are there. In fact, many chief executive officers of our customers already signed up to come to Dreamforce, including, as I mentioned, Richard Branson, and even Jeffrey Immelt is coming in a nonpaid capacity to talk about the transformation that GE is making into a social enterprise. And we will demonstrate for the first time how General Electric's aircraft engines are integrated into Salesforce's Service Cloud and Sales Cloud to offer a complete picture to their sales professionals and service professionals on how their technology is operating, and they're going to talk about how that's made them more efficient or, what they say, how it lets them start to speak machine for the first time. And we think that this is the transformation that all companies are going to have to go through, and we're leading that. And I don't think we can make that transformation without marketing. And that's why we've made the investment in marketing. We've made the bets, and we are now executing. It's not going to happen overnight, but it's also not going to take that long, honestly. And I fully expect that, just as today we announced that we're over $500 million annual revenue run rate on service and well on our way to $1 billion in the Service Cloud, very shortly, we'll be talking about the same kind of numbers with the marketing cloud. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brent Thill with UBS. 
Brent Thill: On Europe, you've showed the third quarter of accelerating constant currency growth. If you could just maybe give us a sense of what you're seeing from a bookings perspective and with the dynamics helping shape the great performance in Europe. 
Marc Benioff: One year ago, we made a dramatic management shift in Europe, where we brought in the #2 from Oracle, Miguel Milano, to be our President of Salesforce Europe, and he has done a phenomenal job. And we're extremely excited about the performance of our European organization, and we really expect a continued delivery in Europe through the year. Our pipeline in Europe has never been more exciting, and our ability to do -- talk to and work with the largest European organizations has really -- has never been as confident as it is today, and we're continuing to invest. And in countries that we have not had a presence that are significant IT-oriented countries, we've talked about this in the last 36 months, we have invested not only in the U.K., which has been an anchor for Salesforce in Europe, but we've also made major investments in France and Germany, and those are paying off. And that is the acceleration that you're seeing today. We, as you know, have shied away from countries like Spain and Italy, and we're really focused on the U.K., France, Germany and the Netherlands as the heart of our first stage of Salesforce's growth in Europe, and we're really getting ready for that second stage of growth. And as we prepare to add more countries in Europe, we will bring you online and explain that strategy to you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Maynard with Wells Fargo. 
Jason Maynard: I just have one question about your shift into the multiproduct company, especially with Service Cloud in its ramp [ph].  How would that impact as you go to market, and how are you dealing with partners when they are [ph] looking at the some of the largest system integrators today versus, say, a year or so ago? 
Marc Benioff: Well, I really appreciate that question, Jason. Thank you. I don't see this as a shift, honestly. The way I see salesforce.com is we're a company that helps our customers connect with their customers, employees and partners in a whole new way. And many of our customers view us as the customer company. When they want to connect with their customers, they come to salesforce.com. And what I can tell you, Jason, is that means that we have to deliver sales, service and marketing as a complete solution to those customers so they can connect with their customers. And of course, our platform is primarily used for those types of applications, whether it's Heroku, which I know you're very familiar with, our Force.com platform or our Site.com platform. In all examples, customers use those platforms as customer connect. They are working to connect with their customers in a whole new way. Their customers are in new places. They're on Facebook. They're on Twitter. Or in the case of Kimberly-Clark, like they talked about on their earnings call, their salespeople need to go with iPad into their customer premises to sell them their products. In all cases, we're prepared to support our customers. And when we get to Dreamforce, we're going to be showing you the next version of Salesforce's platform, which is the Salesforce Touch platform. And the Salesforce Touch platform, you'll see at Dreamforce, we're going to go into general availability pilot on our core Salesforce automation application running in HTML5, on multiple devices, and you're also going to see that we are delivering a full set of services for our customers to build their own services in HTML5, so they can have heterogeneous device delivery. Now when you look at our competitors, whether it's competitors who deliver their own operating systems or whether it's competitors who are just specific to enterprise apps, none of them have done this platform transformation. That is not only how we delivered the first platform success, but we have now delivered our second major technology platform, which is our HTML5 platform. And you're going to see that delivered in our core apps as well as right out of our Force.com, Heroku and Site.com services as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch. 
Kash Rangan: Marc, good growth rate in revenue. I was just wondering how we should think about the relationship between billings growth rate and revenue growth rate? Typically over the last quarters, most of your quarters, your billings growth rate has been faster than revenue growth rate. I'm wondering if there's any cross -- or maybe economic cross currents, larger deals being cut smaller, or maybe not. And maybe there's a shift to the marketing side of the business where the billings happens in a different way than the regular annual multiyear contracts. Just wondering how should we think about the relationship between these 2. That's it for me. 
Marc Benioff: Well, Kash, I really appreciate that. You probably know we don't give billings guidance, and I wouldn't know how to answer that question specifically to you. What I can tell you is we're working hard to deliver a full range of transactions, but there's no transaction that has changed salesforce.com more than a transaction that we introduced at our last Dreamforce conference, which is our Social Enterprise License Agreement. That really redefined for our customer that they could sign an SELA with us and acquire all of our products in one concept: sales, service, marketing, platform all as one unit and without a focus on a per-user pricing. And we'll reveal at Dreamforce how many of these SELAs that we have signed, and I think everyone will be impressed to see so many customers, and so many customers in the room will sign SELAs with us. And I thing that's one of the core drivers of our growth. I mean, we had a great quarter, 37% on a constant currency. I don't think we could expect more than that, and I think we've got a killer strategy going forward as a customer company delivering sales, service, marketing, platform, collaboration and work to reconceptualize how our customers connect with their customers. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities. 
Brendon Barnicle: Marc, historically you guys have partnered around lead generation piece on the marketing side. Would you continue with that with -- as you build out this cockpit? Or is that something you feel like you need to have internal? 
Marc Benioff: Well, that's a great question. When we look at a lot of the traditional marketing vehicles, like the lead-generation vehicles or the e-mail marketing vehicles, those are areas that we did not jump into, because we just didn't see the same rate of growth that we saw in social media marketing. And to that extent, we've mostly seen those companies be flat to modest growth and, in some cases, down. And we believe that fundamentally companies are moving away from e-mail as their marketing vehicle and lead nurturing, away from lead nurturing as their marketing vehicles and towards social media management. And that's why we're excited. Now I'm not saying that we won't include at some point e-mail and lead nurturing into our marketing cloud. If that's what our customers want, make no 2 ways about it, we'll deliver it to them. But right now, it's through partnerships. And one of the great things that Salesforce has developed is the AppExchange. If you go to the AppExchange, you're going to see thousands of pre-integrated applications into these services, all of our services: sales, service, marketing, platform.  The AppExchange has a full range of those capabilities, and you're going to see an awesome, awesome range. There's been over 1.4 million installations of applications from the AppExchange, and it's been a heart of how we deliver value to our customers. And that's a way right there that we're already delivering that lead capability. 
Operator: Our next question is from Karl Keirstead with BMO Capital Markets. 
Karl Keirstead: I've got a question for Graham. Graham, I wonder if you could update us on the invoicing duration shift at salesforce.com. I think you mentioned in the last couple of quarters that the percentage of new billings billed on a 12-month cash pre-pay basis might be about 2/3. I'm wondering did it inch up again in the July quarter? Has it peaked? And have you seen any kind of pushback on a full annual prepaid, given the weaker economy? 
Graham Smith: So first, no, it's actually really gone very well. We've seen very bold acceptance from our customers, and clearly, there are always a small number of exception cases that I get involved with. And remember, I have to approve all the exceptions to this personally, so I'm able to sort of get a sense of how this is going very directly. We've seen a very consistent shift, actually, over the last few quarters.  So looking at whether we look at Q4 or Q1 or Q2, the overall shift has been around 5 percentage points to annual away from semiannual, quarterly, monthly. So that's sort of the shift, and certainly, as you say, we're right around 2/3 annual in most quarters. As you know, that goes a little above 2/3 in Q4 because we have more large annual contracts typically in the fourth quarter, but roughly a 5-point shift for the last few quarters since we've initiated the program. 
Operator: Our next question is from Terry Tillman with Raymond James. 
Terrell Tillman: Graham, also had a question for you in terms of this unbilled deferred revenue number. I'm assuming -- I mean, it looked good, extremely well, actually, year-over-year, up 50%. You added $100 million sequentially in unbilled deferred revenue. Now that is down from the $500 million you added last quarter. Maybe you could kind of reconcile that. And then as we go forward with these Social Enterprise License Agreements, is this actually a metric that's going to jump around quite a bit and be volatile? 
Graham Smith: Sure. In terms of the off-balance sheet backlog, I mean, that number is going to -- the sequential change is going to be up and down. So for example, in Q1, we had our largest transaction ever and at that point, we renewed our largest customer ever for multiple years. And so some quarters, we'll have a very large replenishment into that backlog. And then some quarters, we won't get quite as much. And again, we disclosed that as an approximate number just to give people a sense for what we have contracted. It's not meant to be a super-precise number. And then the second question you had was around SELAs and are we going to see volatility. I mean, I'm not sure if you mean the number of SELAs we're signing. I think, obviously, we've been, as March outlined earlier, we're very pleased with our large transactions each quarter. Certainly, this quarter was a great quarter, and we outlined some of those on the call. And in terms of pricing, again, we've seen very, very consistent pricing over the last 8 quarters, that's kind of the window I look at for all of our major additions and geographies and sales segments, and we see very consistent pricing level. So we don't see volatility there at all. 
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Ernst with Deutsche Bank. 
Thomas Ernst: Just a quick follow-up on -- so you took us through the 300-basis-point hit essentially due to foreign exchange -- excuse me, 300-basis-point hit due to the change in billing terms on a sequential basis to a billings calculation. How much would it have been for just the foreign exchange? I think you only gave us the year-on-year change. 
Graham Smith: No, we gave you 2 numbers. We gave you the sequential change, which was $17 million. That was the headwind sequentially on deferred revenue -- sorry $14 million, I beg your pardon, and year-over-year is $26 million. So we gave you both those numbers, foreign exchange impact on deferred revenue. 
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Breza with RBC Capital Markets. 
Robert Breza: Graham, I guess, just quickly, as you think about foreign currency going forward here, obviously, it was a major headwind here. How should we think about it going into the kind of the second half of the calendar year and how you guys are looking to offset that? 
Graham Smith: Well, as I mentioned earlier, we've essentially absorbed a, roughly, $10 million headwind in the new guidance range that we put out today. So we've sort of -- we've tried to incorporate what we see as the likely FX environment for the second half. And we, obviously, each quarter, when we give guidance, we kind of take a small hedge against where the rates are. But clearly, this quarter, rates moved a lot. So clearly, we try and build in a reasonable assumption around FX rates for the second half when we give guidance. And we, obviously, just try to do the best job we can in this very, very volatile environment. 
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Roderick with Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Tom Roderick: Graham, I want to follow up on Karl's question earlier, just around this deferred billings adjustment. I realize you're getting into the weeds here just a little bit. But I wanted to understand just your perspective on how this plays out for the rest of the year, because it does look like it was about just under a 400-basis-point impact to the calculated billings number this quarter. So it looks like next quarter, it moves down a little bit again, but as you lap the annual effective of beginning this adjustment or this move to collect annually in Q4, is there any reason to think that goes off a cliff? Or conversely, is there any reason to think that the annual renewal cycle moves that number in the opposite direction, meaning that it could go back up? 
Graham Smith: So I don't want to, obviously, as you say, get too far down in the weeds. I think when we -- when this anniversaries in the fourth quarter, we would certainly expect the magnitude of the sort of reconciling items we've been talking about to diminish. However, I think we're going to continue to see a shift toward annual billing for at least the next 18 to 24 months from now. We still have plenty of customers. As I mentioned, we've got roughly 2/3 paying us annually, and the other 1/3 are paying us either semiannually and quarterly and then a small number monthly. We've still got all of those customers at some point to renew, and we will, obviously, be encouraging them to move to an annual bill frequency, too. So I think this will play out positively over the next 18 to 24 months. But clearly, as you say, when it anniversaries in the fourth quarter, the magnitude of those reconciling items is going to decrease. 
Operator: And your final question for today will come from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. 
Raimo Lenschow: Just a quick one on the competitive landscape. Obviously, your big push is coming on the Service Cloud at the moment, and that's where we're hearing from the field there's a lot of positive dynamic there. How is it right now doing now that's part of Oracle? And part of the reason for the purchase is, obviously, to stem that outflow of Siebel customers towards you. Do you see any change there already? 
Marc Benioff: We haven't seen any change so far in the dynamics with our Service Cloud besides its outstanding performance for the year. The #1 change that's happened in customer service and support for the year is that salesforce.com moved into the position of absolute leader with Gartner. That was incredible for us, but it's been reflected as well in the market. Customers call Gartner and ask them which products they should buy. And they review the strengths and weaknesses of each product with them, starting with salesforce.com as absolutely the best product in customer service and support, whether it's in the cloud or on-premise. And we have seen so many exciting customers now deploy that product. I was recently on a Procter & Gamble website myself getting some technical information about one of their products that I use. And in fact, up came our Service Cloud, and I was really proud of our entire team. But not as proud as I was to see them go by the $500 million revenue run rate, which was larger than, perhaps, any other customer service and support solution in the market today. And I know they are well on their way to $1 billion in revenue. The growth rate has just been outstanding. The technology is outstanding. And whether it's sales where we're #1, service where we're #1, marketing where we're #1 and/or on our business platform, salesforce.com dominates the cloud. And we have a great strategy to make sure that our customers have all the tools that they need to connect with their customers and drive top line growth. And in every discussion that I have with a chief executive officer, that's their #1 goal, to have a customer obsession and to grow their companies.  And salesforce.com is doing that. And that's why I am so excited coming into Dreamforce. We're really coming in hot based on all these great technologies that we have and clarity on our strategy and alignment with customer demand. So we're going to look forward to seeing you there.  On September 19 will be my keynote, at 9 a.m. And we've got a great concert that night with the Red Hot Chili Peppers. The next day, we'll be doing some incredible technology programs. Also on September 20, we're going to be doing our Analyst Day, as David said. I hope I'll see all of you there. That night, we've got our Children's Hospital benefit concert with Lady Antebellum. And then Friday is Tony Robbins day at Dreamforce, and if you want to be motivated and excited at a level that you've never been before, we're going to see you on Friday, September 21 for Tony Robbins day. It's going to be like nothing you've ever seen at a technology event. All right, and back to David. 
David Havlek: All right, well great. It sounds like Marc has given the final Dreamforce advertisement. I expect to see everybody there, and I will be taking names for those of you who aren't there. 
 Just a couple of other events you should be aware of where Salesforce will be appearing. Graham Smith will be presenting at the Citi Technology Conference in New York on September 4. Marc will be keynoting at the Deutsche Access Conference in Las Vegas on September 13. And for those of you who can't make Dreamforce, I encourage you to come to Cloudforce New York on October 19 at the Javits Center. We look forward to seeing you at one of those events soon. This concludes our call today. Thanks again for joining us. Have a great day. So long for now. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.
